-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 UDK85jx897A8+rKCiZ3ul8a5ntn+bYmh0aNoQUt/d+I6+QrjhE5tiWrsq2MxNfim
 v+DfokbSxju1kTL9WJ8xQQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-96-000927.txt : 19960328
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-96-000927.hdr.sgml : 19960328
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-96-000927
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960327
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000107263
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS TRANSMISSION [4922]
		IRS NUMBER:				730569878
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	002-27038
		FILM NUMBER:		96539160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WILLIAMS CTR
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74172
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9185882000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE WILLIAM CENTER
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74172

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WILLIAMS BROTHERS COMPANIES
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710817
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                             ---------------------
 
(MARK ONE)
  /X/                   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                     THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
                          FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                              OR
  / /                 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
                     THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)
 
            FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM            TO
 
                           COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-4174
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                             <C>
                  DELAWARE                                       73-0569878
      (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF               (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
       INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)

            ONE WILLIAMS CENTER
              TULSA, OKLAHOMA                                      74172
  (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE)                        (ZIP CODE)
</TABLE>
 
                         Registrant's Telephone Number:
                                 (918) 588-2000
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
            TITLE OF EACH CLASS                               WHICH REGISTERED
- --------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>
       Common Stock, $1.00 par value                  New York Stock Exchange and the
      Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                      Pacific Stock Exchange
     $2.21 Cumulative Preferred Stock,                    New York Stock Exchange
              $1.00 par value
</TABLE>
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF THE ACT:
 
                                      None
 
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes /X/  No / /
 
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  / /
 
     The aggregate market value of the registrant's voting stock held by
nonaffiliates as of the close of business on March 22, 1996, was approximately
$5.1 billion.
 
     The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding at March
22, 1996, was 104,651,013, excluding 2,280,246 shares held by the Company.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
     Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement prepared for the solicitation
of proxies in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
for 1996 are incorporated by reference in Part III.
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
(A) GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS
 
     The Williams Companies, Inc. (the "Company" or "Williams") was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada in 1949 and was reincorporated under the
laws of the State of Delaware in 1987. The principal executive offices of the
Company are located at One Williams Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74172 (telephone
(918) 588-2000). Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the
"Company" and "Williams" herein include The Williams Companies, Inc. and its
subsidiaries.
 
     On January 5, 1995, the Company sold the network services operations of
Williams Telecommunications Group, Inc., its telecommunications subsidiary, to
LDDS Communications, Inc. for $2.5 billion in cash, (the "WNS Sale"). The
Company retained Williams Telecommunications Systems, Inc., a telecommunications
equipment supplier and service company, and Vyvx, Inc., which operates a video
network specializing in broadcast television applications. The Company has
reported the network services operations as discontinued operations for
financial reporting purposes. See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. The Company used the proceeds from the WNS Sale to pay off
short-term credit facilities, fund the acquisition of Transco Energy Company
discussed below, finance its ongoing capital program and for other uses.
 
     On December 12, 1994, the Company entered into a merger agreement with
Transco Energy Company. Under the agreement, the Company acquired approximately
60 percent of Transco Energy Company's common stock through a cash tender offer
completed in January 1995. On April 28, 1995, the Transco Energy Company
stockholders approved an agreement and plan of merger whereby Transco Energy
Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company effective May 1, 1995.
Total value of the transaction was more than $3 billion, including cash, stock
and the assumption of Transco Energy Company debt. As of May 1, 1995, the
Company caused Transco Energy Company to declare and pay as dividends to the
Company all of Transco Energy Company's interest in Transcontinental Gas Pipe
Line Corporation and Texas Gas Transmission Corporation. In addition, the
Company continued Transco Energy Company's program of disposing of noncore
assets. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
     On January 16, 1996, the Company acquired a 49.9 percent interest from its
partner in Kern River Gas Transmission Company giving the Company 99.9 percent
ownership of this natural gas pipeline system. The purchase price was $205
million. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
(B) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS
 
     See Part II, Item 8 -- Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
 
(C) NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
 
     The Company, through subsidiaries, is engaged in the transportation and
sale of natural gas and related activities, natural gas gathering, processing
and production activities, the transportation of petroleum products, natural gas
trading, natural gas liquids marketing and provides a variety of other products
and services to the energy industry and financial institutions. The Company also
is engaged in the telecommunications business. In 1995, the Company's
subsidiaries owned and operated: (i) four interstate natural gas pipeline
systems and had a 50 percent interest in a fifth; (ii) a common carrier crude
and petroleum products pipeline system; and (iii) natural gas gathering and
processing facilities and production properties. The Company also trades natural
gas and markets natural gas liquids. The Company's telecommunications
subsidiaries offer data, voice
<PAGE>   3
 
and video-related products and services and customer premises equipment
nationwide. The Company also has investments in the equity of certain other
companies. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
     Substantially all operations of Williams are conducted through
subsidiaries. Williams performs management, legal, financial, tax, consultative,
administrative and other services for its subsidiaries. Williams' principal
sources of cash are from dividends and advances from its subsidiaries,
investments, payments by subsidiaries for services rendered by its staff and
interest payments from subsidiaries on cash advances. The amount of dividends
available to Williams from subsidiaries largely depends upon each subsidiary's
earnings and operating capital requirements. The terms of certain subsidiaries'
borrowing arrangements limit the transfer of funds to the Company. See Note 13
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
     To achieve organizational and operating efficiencies, the Company's
interstate natural gas pipelines are grouped together and are referred to
internally as the interstate natural gas systems. All other operating companies
are owned directly by Williams Holdings of Delaware, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. Item 1 of this report is formatted to reflect this
structure.
 
                    WILLIAMS INTERSTATE NATURAL GAS SYSTEMS
 
     The Company's interstate natural gas pipeline group owns and operates a
combined total of approximately 28,000 miles of pipelines with a total annual
throughput of approximately 3,500 TBtu* of natural gas and peak-day delivery
capacity of approximately 15 Bcf of natural gas. The interstate natural gas
pipeline group consists of Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation, Northwest
Pipeline Corporation, Texas Gas Transmission Corporation, Kern River Gas
Transmission Company and Williams Natural Gas Company, owners and operators of
interstate natural gas pipeline systems. As previously noted, Transcontinental
Gas Pipe Line Corporation and Texas Gas Transmission Corporation were acquired
by the Company in 1995. For the accounting treatment of the acquisition, see
Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Also as noted above, the
Company acquired an additional 49.9 percent interest in Kern River Gas
Transmission Company in January 1996. The results of operations included herein
only reflect the Company's previously-owned 50 percent ownership interest in
Kern River.
 
     The interstate natural gas pipeline group's transmission and storage
activities are subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
("FERC") under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 ("Natural Gas Act") and under the
Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 ("NGPA"), and, as such, their rates and charges
for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce, the extension,
enlargement or abandonment of jurisdictional facilities, and accounting, among
other things, are subject to regulation. Each pipeline holds certificates of
public convenience and necessity issued by FERC authorizing ownership and
operation of all pipelines, facilities and properties considered jurisdictional
for which certificates are required under the Natural Gas Act. Each pipeline is
also subject to the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended by Title
I of the Pipeline Safety Act of 1979, which regulates safety requirements in the
design, construction, operation and maintenance of interstate gas transmission
facilities.
 
     There follows a business description of each company in the interstate
natural gas pipeline group. The discussion of certain items required to be
disclosed by Form 10-K are reported in generic form following the individual
company business descriptions.
 
TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE CORPORATION (TRANSCO)
 
     Transco is an interstate natural gas transmission company which owns and
operates a natural gas pipeline system extending from Texas, Louisiana,
Mississippi and the offshore Gulf of Mexico through the states of Alabama,
Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and
New Jersey to the
 
- ---------------
 
  * The term "Mcf" means thousand cubic feet, "MMcf" means million cubic feet
and "Bcf" means billion cubic feet. All volumes of natural gas are stated at a
pressure base of 14.73 pounds per square inch absolute at 60 degrees Fahrenheit.
The term "MMBtu" means one million British Thermal Units and "TBtu" means one
trillion British Thermal Units.
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   4
 
New York City metropolitan area. The system serves customers in Texas and the
eleven southeast and Atlantic seaboard states mentioned above, including major
metropolitan areas in Georgia, North Carolina, New York, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania. Effective May 1, 1995, the operation of certain production area
facilities were transferred to Williams Field Services Group, Inc., an
affiliated company.
 
  Pipeline System and Customers
 
     At December 31, 1995, Transco's system had a mainline delivery capacity of
approximately 3.7 Bcf of gas per day from production areas to its primary
markets. Using its Leidy Line and market-area storage capacity, Transco can
deliver an additional 2.7 Bcf of gas per day for a system-wide delivery capacity
total of approximately 6.4 Bcf of gas per day. Excluding the production area
facilities operated by Williams Field Services Group, Inc., Transco's system is
composed of approximately 7,300 miles of mainline and branch transmission
pipelines, 37 compressor stations and six storage locations. Compression
facilities at a sea level rated capacity total approximately 1.2 million
horsepower.
 
     Transco's major gas transportation customers are public utilities and
municipalities that provide residential service to approximately 35 million
people and serve numerous commercial and industrial users. Shippers on Transco's
pipeline system include public utilities, municipalities, intrastate pipelines,
direct industrial users, electrical generators, marketers and producers.
Transco's largest customer in 1995 accounted for approximately 14 percent of
Transco's total operating revenues. No other customer accounted for more than 10
percent of total operating revenues. Transco's firm transportation agreements
are generally long-term agreements with various expiration dates and account for
the major portion of Transco's business. Additionally, Transco offers
interruptible transportation services under agreements that are generally short
term.
 
     Transco has natural gas storage capacity in five underground storage fields
located on or near its pipeline system and/or market areas and operates three of
these storage fields and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) storage facility. The
total storage capacity available to Transco and its customers from such storage
fields and LNG facility is approximately 219 Bcf of gas. Storage capacity
permits Transco's customers to inject gas into storage during the summer and
off-peak periods for delivery during peak winter demand periods.
 
  Major Expansion Projects
 
     In August 1995, Transco announced its SeaBoard 97 Expansion Project. The
project is expected to provide an additional 115 MMcf of gas per day of firm
transportation capacity from points of receipt on Transco's Leidy Line to
Transco's northeastern market area by the 1997-1998 winter heating season. To
render this service, Transco will construct compression and pipeline looping
facilities at an estimated cost of $115 million. Transco plans to file in
mid-1996 for FERC approval of the project.
 
     In October 1995, Transco filed for FERC approval of the SunBelt Expansion
Project. The project will provide additional firm transportation capacity to
markets in Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. The SunBelt Expansion
Project will provide a total of 146 MMcf of gas per day of firm transportation
capacity to existing and new Transco customers by the 1997-1998 winter heating
season. Transco's FERC application estimates the cost of the expansion to be
approximately $85 million.
 
     In November 1995, Transco announced the filing for FERC approval of the
Pine Needle LNG storage project. The facility is to be constructed and owned by
Transco and several of its major customers and will be located near Transco's
mainline system in Guilford, North Carolina. The project will have 4 Bcf of
storage capacity and 400 MMcf of gas per day of withdrawal capacity. Transco
will operate the facility and have a 35 percent ownership interest. The project
is expected to be in service by the second quarter of 1999. The FERC application
estimates the cost of the project to be $107 million.
 
     In December 1995, Transco and several major customers announced the
Cardinal Pipeline System project. The project involves the acquisition of an
existing 37-mile pipeline in North Carolina and construction of a 65-mile
pipeline extension. Construction of the pipeline extension is expected to be
completed by the end of 1999. Transco will operate the expanded pipeline system
and have a 45 percent ownership interest. Total costs of the acquisition and
extension are expected to be $97 million.
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   5
 
     Transco's 1994 Southeast Expansion Project was completed and placed into
service in November 1994, and provides 35 MMcf of gas per day of additional firm
transportation capacity to Transco's customers in the southeast. Phase I of
Transco's 1995/1996 Southeast Expansion Project was completed and placed into
service in December 1995, and provides 115 MMcf of gas per day of additional
firm transportation capacity to Transco's customers in the Southeast. Phase II
of such expansion will add an additional 55 MMcf of gas per day for the
1996-1997 winter heating season. Transco invested $63 million in these projects
in 1995 and expects to invest approximately $21 million in these projects in
1996.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes transportation data for the periods
indicated, including periods during which the Company did not own Transco:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1995      1994      1993
                                                                -------   -------   -------
    <S>                                                         <C>       <C>       <C>
    System Deliveries (TBtu)
      Market-area deliveries:
         Long-haul transportation.............................    858.4     805.1     852.0
         Market-area transportation...........................    467.3     453.6     387.4
                                                                -------   -------   -------
              Total market-area deliveries....................  1,325.7   1,258.7   1,239.4
      Production-area transportation..........................    165.9     185.9     177.5
                                                                -------   -------   -------
      Total system deliveries.................................  1,491.6   1,444.6   1,416.9
                                                                =======   =======   =======
    Average Daily Transportation Volumes (TBtu)...............      4.1       4.0       3.9
    Average Daily Firm Reserved Capacity (TBtu)...............      5.2       4.9       4.8
</TABLE>
 
     Transco has expressed concerns to FERC that inconsistent treatment of
Transco and its competitor pipelines with regard to rate design and cost
allocation issues in production areas may result in rates which could make
Transco less competitive, both in terms of production-area and long-haul
transportation. On July 19, 1995, an administrative law judge (ALJ) issued an
initial decision finding that Transco's proposed production area rate design,
and its existing use of a system-wide cost of service and allocation of firm
capacity in production areas are unjust and unreasonable. The ALJ recommended
that Transco divide its costs between its production area and market area and
permit its customers to renominate their firm entitlements. The ALJ's decision
is subject to review by FERC. Should FERC issue an order consistent with the
ALJ's recommendations, such order would have prospective effect only.
 
NORTHWEST PIPELINE CORPORATION (NORTHWEST PIPELINE)
 
     Northwest Pipeline is an interstate natural gas transmission company which
owns and operates a pipeline system for the mainline transmission of natural gas
extending from the San Juan Basin in northwestern New Mexico and southwestern
Colorado through Colorado, Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Oregon and Washington to a
point on the Canadian border near Sumas, Washington. Northwest Pipeline provides
services for markets in California, New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Nevada, Wyoming,
Idaho, Oregon and Washington, directly or indirectly through interconnections
with other pipelines.
 
  Pipeline System and Customers
 
     At December 31, 1995, Northwest Pipeline's system, having an aggregate
mainline deliverability of approximately 2.6 Bcf of gas per day was composed of
approximately 3,900 miles of mainline and branch transmission pipelines and 43
mainline compressor stations with a combined capacity of approximately 306,000
horsepower.
 
     In 1995, Northwest Pipeline transported natural gas for a total of 127
customers. Transportation customers include distribution companies,
municipalities, interstate and intrastate pipelines, gas marketers and direct
industrial users. The three largest customers of Northwest Pipeline in 1995
accounted for approximately 18.5 percent, 12.2 percent and 10.2 percent,
respectively, of total operating revenues. No other customer
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   6
 
accounted for more than 10 percent of total operating revenues. Northwest
Pipeline's firm transportation agreements are generally long-term agreements
with various expiration dates and account for the major portion of Northwest
Pipeline's business. Additionally, Northwest Pipeline offers interruptible
transportation service under agreements that are generally short term. Northwest
Pipeline's transportation services represented 100 percent of its total
throughput in 1995.
 
     Northwest Pipeline completed mainline expansion projects that were placed
into service on December 1, 1995. These expansion projects increased system
capacity by an additional 144 MMcf of gas per day and added 14,820 horsepower of
new compression and 44 miles of pipeline loop line to Northwest Pipeline's
system.
 
     As a part of its transportation services, Northwest Pipeline utilizes
underground storage facilities in Utah and Washington enabling it to balance
daily receipts and deliveries. Northwest Pipeline also owns and operates a
liquefied natural gas storage plant in Washington which provides a
needle-peaking service for the system. These storage facilities have an
aggregate delivery capacity of approximately 973 MMcf of gas per day.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes gas sales and transportation data for the
periods indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1995     1994     1993
                                                                      ----     ----     ----
    <S>                                                               <C>      <C>      <C>
    Gas Volumes (TBtu):
      Gas sales.....................................................   --       --       18
      Transportation................................................  826      679      606
                                                                      ---      ---      ---
              Total throughput......................................  826      679      624
                                                                      ===      ===      ===
    Average Daily Transportation Volumes (TBtu).....................  2.3      1.9      1.7
    Average Daily Firm Reserved Capacity (TBtu).....................  2.4      2.4       --
</TABLE>
 
TEXAS GAS TRANSMISSION CORPORATION (TXG)
 
     TXG is an interstate natural gas transmission company which owns and
operates a natural gas pipeline system originating in the Louisiana Gulf Coast
area and in east Texas and running generally north and east through Louisiana,
Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana and into Ohio, with smaller
diameter lines extending into Illinois. TXG's direct market area encompasses
eight states in the South and Midwest, and includes the Memphis, Tennessee,
Louisville, Kentucky, Cincinnati and Dayton, Ohio, and Indianapolis, Indiana,
metropolitan areas. TXG also has indirect market access to the Northeast through
interconnections with unaffiliated pipelines.
 
  Pipeline System and Customers
 
     At December 31, 1995, TXG's system, having a mainline delivery capacity of
approximately 2.7 Bcf of gas per day, was composed of approximately 6,000 miles
of mainline and branch transmission pipelines and 32 compressor stations having
a sea level rated capacity totaling approximately 548,000 horsepower.
 
     In 1995, TXG transported gas to customers in Louisiana, Arkansas,
Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois and Ohio and to customers in
the Northeast served indirectly by TXG. Gas was transported for 130 distribution
companies and municipalities for resale to residential, commercial and
industrial users. Transportation services were provided to approximately 200
industrial customers and processing plants located along the system. At December
31, 1995, TXG had transportation contracts with approximately 625 shippers.
Transportation shippers include distribution companies, municipalities,
intrastate pipelines, direct industrial users, electrical generators, marketers
and producers. The largest customer of TXG in 1995 accounted for approximately
11 percent of total operating revenues. No other customer accounted for more
than 10 percent of total operating revenues. TXG's firm transportation
agreements are generally long-term agreements with various expiration dates and
account for the major portion of TXG's business. Additionally, TXG offers
interruptible transportation services under agreements that are generally
short-term.
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   7
 
     TXG owns and operates natural gas storage reservoirs in ten underground
storage fields located on or near its pipeline system and/or market areas. The
storage capacity of TXG's certificated storage fields is approximately 177 Bcf
of gas. TXG's storage gas is used in part to meet operational balancing needs on
its system, and in part to meet the requirements of TXG's "no-notice"
transportation service, which allows TXG's customers to temporarily draw from
TXG's storage gas to be repaid in-kind during the following summer season. A
large portion of the gas delivered by TXG to its market area is used for space
heating, resulting in substantially higher daily requirements during winter
months.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes total system delivery data, which excludes
unbundled sales, for the periods indicated, including periods during which the
Company did not own TXG:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1995      1994      1993
                                                                  -----     -----     -----
    <S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
    System deliveries (TBtu):
      Sales.....................................................     --        --      52.8
      Long-haul transportation..................................  635.7     618.8     534.0
                                                                  -----     -----     -----
              Total mainline deliveries.........................  635.7     618.8     586.8
      Short-haul transportation.................................   57.6     188.6     214.0
                                                                  -----     -----     -----
      Total system deliveries...................................  693.3     807.4     800.8
                                                                  =====     =====     =====
    Average Daily Transportation Volumes (TBtu).................    1.9       2.2       2.0
    Average Daily Firm Reserved Capacity (TBtu).................    2.0       2.1       2.0
</TABLE>
 
KERN RIVER GAS TRANSMISSION COMPANY (KERN RIVER)
 
     Kern River is an interstate natural gas transmission company which owns and
operates a natural gas pipeline system extending from Wyoming through Utah and
Nevada to California. In 1995, Kern River was jointly owned and operated by
Williams Western Pipeline Company, a subsidiary of the Company, and a subsidiary
of an unaffiliated company. As previously indicated, the Company acquired an
additional 49.9 percent interest in Kern River in January 1996. See Note 5 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The transmission system, which
commenced operations in February 1992 following completion of construction,
delivers natural gas primarily to the enhanced oil recovery fields in southern
California. The system also transports natural gas for utilities, municipalities
and industries in California, Nevada and Utah.
 
  Pipeline System and Customers
 
     As of December 31, 1995, Kern River's pipeline system was composed of 707
miles of pipeline and three mainline compressor stations having an aggregate
mainline delivery capacity of 700 MMcf of gas per day. The pipeline system
interconnects with the pipeline facilities of another pipeline company at
Daggett, California. From the point of interconnection, Kern River and the other
pipeline company have a common 219-mile pipeline which is owned 63.6 percent by
Kern River and 36.4 percent by the other pipeline company, as tenants in common,
and is designed to accommodate the combined throughput of both systems. This
common facility has a capacity of 1.1 Bcf of gas per day.
 
     Gas is transported for others under firm long-term transportation contracts
totaling 682 MMcf of gas per day. In 1995, Kern River transported natural gas
for customers in California, Nevada and Utah. Gas was transported for five
customers in Kern County, California, for reinjection as a part of enhanced oil
recovery operations and for 28 local distribution customers, electric utilities,
cogeneration projects and commercial and other industrial customers. The five
largest customers of Kern River in 1995 accounted for approximately 14 percent,
14 percent, 12 percent, 12 percent and 10 percent, respectively, of operating
revenues. Three of these customers serve the enhanced oil recovery fields. No
other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of operating revenues in 1995.
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   8
 
     During 1995, a seasonal firm transportation contract was executed to
deliver natural gas into the Las Vegas, Nevada, market area during the winter
months. Deliveries of 10 MMcf of gas per day will be initiated in December 1997
and will escalate to 40 MMcf of gas per day on a seasonal basis in 1999.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes transportation data for the periods
indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1995     1994     1993
                                                                      ----     ----     ----
    <S>                                                               <C>      <C>      <C>
    Transportation Volumes (TBtu)...................................  286      278      272
    Average Daily Transportation Volumes (TBtu).....................  .78      .76      .75
    Average Daily Firm Reserved Capacity (TBtu).....................  .72      .74      .74
</TABLE>
 
WILLIAMS NATURAL GAS COMPANY (WILLIAMS NATURAL GAS)
 
     Williams Natural Gas is an interstate natural gas transmission company
which owns and operates a natural gas pipeline system located in Colorado,
Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Texas and Wyoming. The system serves
customers in seven states, including major metropolitan areas of Kansas and
Missouri, its chief market areas.
 
  Pipeline System and Customers
 
     At December 31, 1995, Williams Natural Gas' system, having a mainline
delivery capacity of approximately 2.2 Bcf of gas per day, was composed of
approximately 6,300 miles of mainline and branch transmission and storage
pipelines and 41 compressor stations having a sea level rated capacity totaling
approximately 240,000 horsepower.
 
     In 1995, Williams Natural Gas transported gas to customers in Colorado,
Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Texas and Wyoming. Gas was transported for
77 distribution companies and municipalities for resale to residential,
commercial and industrial users in approximately 530 cities and towns.
Transportation services were provided to approximately 350 industrial customers,
federal and state institutions and agricultural processing plants located
principally in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. At December 31, 1995, Williams
Natural Gas had transportation contracts with approximately 203 shippers.
Transportation shippers included distribution companies, municipalities,
intrastate pipelines, direct industrial users, electrical generators, marketers
and producers.
 
     In 1995, approximately 35 percent and 33 percent, respectively, of total
operating revenues were generated from gas transportation services to Williams
Natural Gas' two largest customers, Western Resources, Inc. and Missouri Gas
Energy Company. Western Resources sells or resells gas to residential,
commercial and industrial customers principally in certain major metropolitan
areas of Kansas. Missouri Gas Energy sells or resells gas to residential,
commercial and industrial customers principally in certain major metropolitan
areas of Missouri. No other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of
operating revenues during 1995.
 
     A significant portion of the transportation services provided to Western
Resources is pursuant to a twenty-year transportation service agreement. After
the initial two-year period ending in November 1996, the contract allows Western
Resources, on twelve months prior notice, to reduce contracted capacity if
Williams Natural Gas does not meet the terms of a competing offer from another
natural gas pipeline to serve such capacity. Transportation services are
provided to Missouri Gas Energy under contracts primarily varying in terms from
two to five years. These contracts do not have "competitive out" provisions as
described in connection with the Western Resources' contract. During 1995, these
two customers entered into contracts with a competitor as part of a litigation
settlement. The Western Resources contracts are subject to state regulatory
approval and hearings before the Kansas Corporation Commission (KCC) which were
conducted in September 1995. A decision on whether to approve the contracts has
been stayed by the KCC in light of an October 1995 FERC ruling asserting federal
jurisdiction over the competitor. The competitor has appealed the FERC decision,
as well as the authority of the KCC to stay the contracts approval proceeding.
While the
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   9
 
Missouri Gas Energy contracts with this competitor are not subject to Missouri
Public Service Commission approval, the exercise of FERC jurisdiction over the
project could cause the cancellation of the proposed pipeline project that
supports the contracts. Up to 25 percent of the firm capacity now transported by
Williams Natural Gas into the Kansas City market could be at risk if the
pipeline contemplated by the contracts is built. If FERC's decision to exercise
jurisdiction over the competing pipeline is upheld, the competitor will be
required to formulate rate structures under the same rules as Williams Natural
Gas and other interstate competitors.
 
     Williams Natural Gas operates nine underground storage fields with an
aggregate working gas storage capacity of approximately 43 Bcf and an aggregate
delivery capacity of approximately 1.2 Bcf of gas per day. Williams Natural Gas'
customers inject gas in these fields when demand is low and withdraw it to
supply their peak requirements. During periods of peak demand, approximately
two-thirds of the firm gas delivered to customers is supplied from these storage
fields. Storage capacity enables the system to operate more uniformly and
efficiently during the year.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes gas sales and transportation data for the
periods indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1995   1994   1993
                                                                         ----   ----   ----
    <S>                                                                  <C>    <C>    <C>
    Volumes (TBtu):
      Resale sales.....................................................    --     --     50
      Direct and gas processing plant sales............................    --     --      1
      Transportation...................................................   334    346    344
                                                                          ---    ---    ---
              Total throughput.........................................   334    346    395
                                                                          ===    ===    ===
    Average Daily Transportation Volumes (TBtu)........................    .9     .9     .9
    Average Daily Firm Reserved Capacity (TBtu)........................   2.0    2.0     --
</TABLE>
 
     Certain of Williams Natural Gas' gathering and processing activities have
been or will be transferred to third parties, including subsidiaries of Williams
Field Services Group, Inc., an affiliated company, as discussed elsewhere
herein. Applications for orders permitting and approving abandonment of certain
natural gas facilities have been filed with FERC and final approval has been
granted by FERC on three of these filings. Preliminary approval on all other
systems has been granted by FERC.
 
REGULATORY MATTERS
 
     In 1992, FERC issued Order 636 which required interstate pipelines to
restructure their tariffs to eliminate traditional on-system sales services. In
addition, the Order required implementation of various changes in forms of
service, including unbundling of gathering, transmission and storage services;
terms and conditions of service; rate design; gas supply realignment cost
recovery; and other major rate and tariff revisions. Williams Natural Gas
implemented its restructuring on October 1, 1993, and Transco, Northwest
Pipeline and TXG implemented their restructurings on November 1, 1993. Certain
aspects of each pipeline company's Order 636 restructuring are under appeal.
 
     Each interstate natural gas pipeline has various regulatory proceedings
pending. Rates are established primarily through FERC's ratemaking process. Key
determinants in the ratemaking process are (1) costs of providing service,
including depreciation rates, (2) allowed rate of return, including the equity
component of the capital structure, and (3) volume throughput assumptions. The
allowed rate of return is determined by FERC in each rate case. Rate design and
the allocation of costs between the demand and commodity rates also impact
profitability. As a result of such proceedings, a portion of the revenues of
these pipelines may have been collected subject to refund. See Note 12 of Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for the amount of revenues reserved for
potential refund as of December 31, 1995.
 
     Each interstate natural gas pipeline, with the exception of Kern River, has
undertaken the reformation of its respective gas supply contracts. None of the
pipelines has any significant pending supplier take-or-pay,
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   10
 
ratable-take or minimum-take claims. For information on outstanding issues with
respect to contract reformation, gas purchase deficiencies and related
regulatory issues, see Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
COMPETITION
 
     Competition for natural gas transportation has intensified in recent years
due to customer access to other pipelines, rate competitiveness among pipelines,
customers' desire to have more than one supplier and regulatory developments.
FERC's stated purpose for implementing Order 636 was to improve the competitive
structure of the natural gas pipeline industry. Future utilization of pipeline
capacity will depend on competition from other pipelines and alternative fuels,
the general level of natural gas demand and weather conditions. Electricity and
distillate fuel oil are primary competitive forms of energy for residential and
commercial markets. Coal and residual fuel oil compete for industrial and
electric generation markets. Nuclear power and power purchased from grid
arrangements among electric utilities also compete with gas-fired power
generation in certain markets.
 
     As mentioned, when restructured tariffs became effective under Order 636,
all suppliers of natural gas were able to compete for any gas markets capable of
being served by the pipelines using nondiscriminatory transportation services
provided by the pipelines. As the Order 636 regulated environment has matured,
many pipelines have faced reduced levels of subscribed capacity as contractual
terms expire and customers opt to reduce firm capacity under contract in favor
of alternative sources of transmission and related services. This issue, known
as "capacity turnback" in the industry, is forcing the pipelines to evaluate the
consequences of major demand reductions on system utilization and cost structure
to remaining customers.
 
     The Company is aware that several state jurisdictions have been involved in
implementing changes similar to the changes that have occurred at the federal
level under Order 636. Such activity, frequently referred to as "LDC
unbundling," has been most pronounced in the states of New York, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania. In New York and New Jersey, regulations regarding "LDC unbundling"
were enacted during the past year, and Pennsylvania is expected to act on an
"LDC unbundling" program in 1996. It is expected that these regulations will
encourage greater competition in the natural gas marketplace.
 
OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTY
 
     The facilities of each interstate natural gas pipeline are generally owned
in fee. However, a substantial portion of each pipeline's facilities is
constructed and maintained pursuant to rights-of-way, easements, permits,
licenses or consents on and across properties owned by others. Compressor
stations, with appurtenant facilities, are located in whole or in part either on
lands owned or on sites held under leases or permits issued or approved by
public authorities. The storage facilities are either owned or contracted under
long-term leases or easements.
 
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
 
     Each interstate natural gas pipeline is subject to the National
Environmental Policy Act and federal, state and local laws and regulations
relating to environmental quality control. Management believes that, with
respect to any capital expenditures and operation and maintenance expenses
required to meet applicable environmental standards and regulations, FERC would
grant the requisite rate relief so that, for the most part, such expenditures
would be recoverable in rates. For this reason, management believes that
compliance with applicable environmental requirements by the interstate
pipelines is not likely to have a material effect upon the Company's earnings or
competitive position.
 
     For a discussion of specific environmental issues involving the interstate
pipelines, including estimated cleanup costs associated with certain pipeline
activities, see "Environmental" under Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 17 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                        9
<PAGE>   11
 
            WILLIAMS HOLDINGS OF DELAWARE, INC. (WILLIAMS HOLDINGS)
 
     In 1994, the Company established Williams Holdings to be a holding company
for its assets other than its interstate natural gas pipelines and related
assets. Virtually all of Williams Holdings' assets have been transferred to it
by the Company since January 1, 1995, and were previously operated by
subsidiaries of the Company.
 
     Williams Holdings owns all of the capital stock of four entities in the
energy industry and two entities in the telecommunications industry. Williams
Holdings' energy subsidiaries are engaged in natural gas gathering, processing
and production, the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products, natural
gas trading activities, natural gas liquids marketing and provide a variety of
other products and services to the energy industry. Williams Holdings'
telecommunications subsidiaries offer data, voice and video-related products and
services and customer premise equipment nationwide. Williams Holdings also has
certain other equity investments. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
 
WILLIAMS FIELD SERVICES GROUP, INC. (WILLIAMS FIELD SERVICES)
 
     Williams Field Services, through subsidiaries, owns and/or operates both
regulated and nonregulated natural gas gathering and processing facilities and
owns and operates natural gas leasehold properties. In 1995 and 1994, gathering
and processing activities represented 98 percent and 89 percent, respectively,
of Williams Field Services' operating profit. Natural gas production represented
the balance.
 
     In 1995, Williams Field Services completed an expansion of its Manzanares
coal seam gas gathering systems in northwestern New Mexico increasing capacity
of the systems to over 1 Bcf of gas per day. A plant expansion in the Wamsutter
field of south-central Wyoming completed in the fourth quarter of 1995 increased
capacity of this field to 240 MMcf of gas per day. Also in 1995, Williams Field
Services completed the construction of a 75 MMcf of gas per day processing plant
in the Oklahoma Panhandle.
 
     Effective May 1, 1995, the Company transferred to Williams Field Services
the operation of certain production area transmission assets and certain
gathering and processing assets which the Company had acquired as of such date
from Transco Energy Company. The production area transmission assets consist of
approximately 3,500 miles of pipeline located in gas producing areas offshore
and onshore in Texas and Louisiana which are currently owned by Transco and
classified by FERC as interstate transmission lines. The gathering assets
consist of nonjurisdictional and intrastate gas gathering lines located offshore
and onshore in Texas. Such facilities consist of approximately 28 miles of
gathering pipelines. The processing assets consist of two natural gas processing
facilities. The first is a 50 percent joint ownership interest in a processing
facility with a 500 MMcf per day capacity located in southwestern Louisiana and
the second is a 50 percent partnership interest in a 60 MMcf per day cryogenic
extraction facility located in south Texas.
 
     In June 1995, Williams Field Services acquired the natural gas gathering
and processing assets of Public Service Company of New Mexico located in the San
Juan and Permian basins of New Mexico for $154 million. Williams Field Services
immediately thereafter sold the southeastern New Mexico portion of the acquired
assets for $14.2 million. The assets retained consist of approximately 1,400
miles of gathering pipelines and three gas processing plants which have an
aggregate daily inlet capacity of 300 MMcf of gas.
 
     Williams Field Services' first nonregulated merchant power plant is
scheduled to begin operation in New Mexico in 1996. The $53 million 62-megawatt
facility, powered by coal-seam gas, will produce electricity, which will be sold
under a long-term contract. Other areas on Williams Field Services' system hold
the potential for similar cogeneration investments.
 
  Gathering and Processing
 
     Williams Field Services, through subsidiaries, owns and operates natural
gas gathering and processing facilities located in the San Juan Basin in
northwestern New Mexico and southwestern Colorado, southwest Wyoming, the Rocky
Mountains of Utah and Colorado, northwest Oklahoma, Louisiana and also in areas
offshore and onshore in Texas. Williams Field Services, through subsidiaries,
also operates natural gas gathering and processing facilities located in the
Texas Panhandle and the Hugoton Basin in northwest
 
                                       10
<PAGE>   12
 
Oklahoma and southwest Kansas, which are owned by Williams Natural Gas, an
affiliated company, and operates natural gas gathering and processing facilities
located both onshore and offshore in Texas and Louisiana, which are owned by
Transco, an affiliated company. The facilities operated for affiliates are the
subject of applications for orders permitting abandonment so the facilities can
be transferred to Williams Field Services. Gathering services provided include
the gathering of gas and treating of coal seam gas.
 
     Customers and Operations. Facilities owned and operated by Williams Field
Services consist of approximately 12,000 miles of gathering pipelines, 11 gas
treating plants and 14 gas processing plants (five of which are partially owned)
which have an aggregate daily inlet capacity of 6.7 Bcf of gas. Gathering and
processing customers have direct access to interstate pipelines, including
affiliated pipelines, which provide access to multiple markets.
 
     During 1995, Williams Field Services gathered natural gas for 286
customers. The largest gathering customer accounted for approximately 18 percent
of total gathered volumes. During 1995, natural gas was processed for a total of
108 customers. The three largest customers accounted for approximately 26
percent, 12 percent and 11 percent, respectively, of total processed volumes. No
other customer accounted for more than 10 percent of gathered or processed
volumes. Williams Field Services' gathering and processing agreements with large
customers are generally long-term agreements with various expiration dates.
These long-term agreements account for the majority of the gas gathered and
processed by Williams Field Services.
 
     Liquids extracted at the processing plants are ethane, propane, butane and
natural gasoline. During 1995, liquid products were sold to a total of 52
customers under short-term contracts. The four largest customers accounted for
approximately 32 percent, 18 percent, 16 percent and 15 percent, respectively,
of total liquid products volumes sold. No other customer accounted for more than
10 percent of volumes sold.
 
     Operating Statistics. The following table summarizes gathering, processing
and natural gas liquid volumes for the periods indicated. The information
includes operations attributed to facilities owned by affiliated entities but
operated by Williams Field Services:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     1995      1994     1993
                                                                     -----     ----     ----
    <S>                                                              <C>       <C>      <C>
    Gas volumes (TBtu, except where noted):
      Gathering....................................................  1,806     895      789
      Processing...................................................    406     392      323
      Natural gas liquid sales (millions of gallons)...............    298     281      295
</TABLE>
 
  Production
 
     Williams Field Services, through a subsidiary, owns and operates producing
gas leasehold properties in Colorado, Louisiana, New Mexico, Utah and Wyoming.
 
     Gas Reserves. As of December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, Williams Field
Services had proved developed natural gas reserves of 292 Bcf, 269 Bcf and 229
Bcf, respectively, and proved undeveloped reserves of 222 Bcf, 220 Bcf and 319
Bcf, respectively. Of Williams Field Services' total proved reserves, 96 percent
are located in the San Juan Basin of Colorado and New Mexico. As discussed
below, Williams Field Services conveyed gas reserves to the Williams Coal Seam
Gas Royalty Trust in 1993. No major discovery or other favorable or adverse
event has caused a significant change in estimated gas reserves since year end.
 
                                       11
<PAGE>   13
 
     Customers and Operations. As of December 31, 1995, the gross and net
developed leasehold acres owned by Williams Field Services totaled 261,973 and
107,046, respectively, and the gross and net undeveloped acres owned were
152,977 and 44,296, respectively. As of such date, Williams Field Services owned
interests in 2,795 gross producing wells (496 net) on its leasehold lands. The
following table summarizes drilling activity for the periods indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DEVELOPMENT
                                                                            ---------------
    COMPLETED                                                               GROSS      NET
      DURING                                                                WELLS     WELLS
   -----------                                                              -----     -----
    <S>                                                                     <C>       <C>
     1995.................................................................    61        22
     1994.................................................................    66        19
     1993.................................................................    39         5
</TABLE>
 
     The majority of Williams Field Services' gas production is currently being
sold in the spot market at market prices. Total net production sold during 1995,
1994 and 1993 was 25.9 TBtu, 22.6 TBtu and 16.3 TBtu, respectively. The average
production costs per MMBtu of gas produced were $.14, $.14 and $.17 in 1995,
1994 and 1993, respectively. The average sales price per MMBtu was $.88, $1.21
and $1.44, respectively, for the same periods.
 
     In 1993, Williams Field Services conveyed a net profits interest in certain
of its properties to the Williams Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust. Trust Units were
subsequently sold to the public by Williams in an underwritten public offering.
The Company holds 3,568,791 Trust Units representing 36.8 percent of outstanding
Units. Substantially all of the production attributable to the properties
conveyed to the Trust was from the Fruitland coal formation and constituted coal
seam gas. Proved developed coal seam gas reserves at December 31, 1995,
attributed to the properties conveyed were 163 Bcf. Production information
reported herein includes Williams Field Services' interest in such Units.
 
  Regulatory Matters
 
     Historically, an issue has existed as to whether FERC has authority under
the Natural Gas Act to regulate gathering and processing prices and services.
During 1994, after reviewing its legal authority in a Public Comment Proceeding,
FERC determined that while it retains some regulatory jurisdiction over
gathering and processing performed by interstate pipelines, pipeline affiliated
gathering and processing companies are outside its authority under the Natural
Gas Act. Orders issued in 1994 which implement FERC's conclusion that it lacks
jurisdiction have been appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. Williams Field Services cannot predict the
ultimate outcome of these proceedings.
 
     As a result of these FERC decisions, several of the individual states in
which Williams Field Services operates may consider whether to impose regulatory
requirements on gathering companies. No state currently regulates Williams Field
Services' gathering or processing rates or services.
 
  Competition
 
     Williams Field Services competes for gathering and processing business with
interstate and intrastate pipelines, producers and independent gatherers and
processors. Numerous factors impact any given customer's choice of a gathering
or processing services provider, including rate, term, timeliness of well
connections, pressure obligations and the willingness of the provider to process
for either a fee or for liquids taken in-kind.
 
  Ownership of Property
 
     Williams Field Services' gathering and processing facilities are owned in
fee. Gathering systems are constructed and maintained pursuant to rights-of-way,
easements, permits, licenses and consents on and across properties owned by
others. The compressor stations and gas processing and treating facilities are
located in whole or in part on lands owned by Williams Field Services or on
sites held under leases or permits issued or approved by public authorities.
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   14
 
  Environmental Matters
 
     Williams Field Services is subject to various federal, state and local laws
and regulations relating to environmental quality control. Management believes
that Williams Field Services' operations are in substantial compliance with
existing environmental legal requirements. Management expects that compliance
with such existing environmental legal requirements will not have a material
adverse effect on the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of
Williams Field Services.
 
WILLIAMS ENERGY SERVICES COMPANY (WESCO)
 
     WESCO, through subsidiaries, offers a full range of products and services
to energy markets throughout North America. WESCO's core business includes
natural gas and energy commodity trading activities, energy-related price-risk
management products and services and computer-based information products. WESCO
was incorporated in 1993. See Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
 
  Trading Activities and Services
 
     In addition to its own natural gas trading operations, WESCO conducts
certain natural gas trading operations formerly conducted by a subsidiary of
Transco Energy Company as well as third party trading activities managed by an
affiliate. WESCO trades natural gas throughout North America, primarily serving
local distribution company markets in the eastern and midwestern United States.
The Operating Statistics presented below, for periods prior to 1995, represent
previously existing financial trading services conducted by Williams
subsidiaries, coupled with third-party trading services provided by an affiliate
and do not include operations previously conducted by the Transco Energy Company
subsidiary.
 
     WESCO serves a customer base of approximately 700 companies across its
natural gas trading operations, with net revenues primarily derived from sales
to local distribution companies, other gas marketers and certain end-users.
WESCO's gas trading activities are conducted on both interstate and intrastate
pipelines, with most sales activity coordinated with transportation along
pipeline systems owned by Williams.
 
     WESCO offers financial instruments and derivatives to producers and
consumers of energy as well as to financial entities participating in energy
price-risk management. WESCO also enters into energy-related financial
instruments to manage market price fluctuations. The customer base for these
activities is comprised of other gas marketing and trading companies,
energy-based entities and brokers trading in energy commodities. See Note 15 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
  Information Products
 
     In 1995, WESCO marketed various computer-based trading and trader-match
services including Chalkboard, an electronic trader-match system for buyers and
sellers of liquid fuels, crude oil and refined products; Streamline, a physical
cash forward gas trading system located at seven U.S. hubs; and Capacity
Central, a natural gas pipeline capacity information system. These products are
utilized primarily by a customer base of approximately 200 energy-based
companies under short-term service commitments. The information products'
architecture was developed in 1993 and introduced to the marketplace in 1994.
These activities have not been profitable to date as costs of establishing
marketing liquidity and product usage still outpace the returns from this
developing market.
 
     Effective January 1, 1996, Streamline and Capacity Central were contributed
to a limited liability company along with the energy-related information
services of a PanEnergy Corp. subsidiary. The new entity (Altra Energy
Technologies, L.L.C.) is owned equally by WESCO and PanEnergy.
 
  Operating Statistics (dollars in millions, volumes in TBtu)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1995      1994      1993
                                                                  -----     -----     -----
    <S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
    Operating profit............................................  $30.0     $  .5     $ 7.9
    Natural gas physical trading................................    754       148       152
</TABLE>
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   15
 
  Regulatory Matters
 
     Management believes that WESCO's natural gas trading activities are
conducted in substantial compliance with the marketing affiliate rules of FERC
Order 497. Order 497 imposes certain nondiscrimination, disclosure and
separation requirements upon interstate natural gas pipelines with respect to
their natural gas trading affiliates. WESCO has taken steps to ensure it does
not share employees with affiliated interstate natural gas pipelines and does
not receive information from such affiliates that is not also available to
unaffiliated natural gas trading companies.
 
  Competition
 
     WESCO's gas trading operations are in direct competition with large
independent gas marketers, marketing affiliates of regulated pipelines and
natural gas producers. The financial trading business competes with other
energy-based companies offering similar services as well as certain brokerage
houses. This level of competition contributes to a business environment of
constant pricing and margin pressure.
 
  Ownership of Property
 
     The primary assets of WESCO are its term contracts, employees and related
technological support. Costs to develop the information products and certain
trading systems have been capitalized.
 
  Environmental Matters
 
     WESCO is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating
to the environmental aspects of its business. Management believes that WESCO is
in substantial compliance with existing environmental legal requirements for its
business. Management expects that compliance with such existing environmental
legal requirements will not have a material adverse effect on the capital
expenditures, earnings and competitive position of WESCO.
 
WILLIAMS PIPE LINE COMPANY (WILLIAMS PIPE LINE)
 
     Williams Pipe Line operates a crude oil and petroleum products pipeline
system which covers an 11-state area extending from Oklahoma in the south to
North Dakota and Minnesota in the north and Illinois in the east. The system is
operated as a common carrier offering transportation and terminalling services
on a nondiscriminatory basis under published tariffs. The system transports
refined products, LP-gases, lube extracted fuel oil and crude oil.
 
  Shippers and Pipeline System
 
     At December 31, 1995, the system traversed approximately 7,000 miles of
right-of-way and included over 9,200 miles of pipeline in various sizes up to 16
inches in diameter. The system includes 82 pumping stations, 23 million barrels
of storage capacity and 47 delivery terminals. The terminals are equipped to
deliver refined products into tank trucks and tank cars. The maximum number of
barrels which the system can transport per day depends upon the operating
balance achieved at a given time between various segments of the system. Since
the balance is dependent upon the mix of products to be shipped and the demand
levels at the various delivery points, the exact capacity of the system cannot
be stated.
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   16
 
     The operating statistics set forth below relate to the system's operations
for the periods indicated:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1995        1994        1993
                                                            -------     -------     -------
    <S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>
    Shipments (thousands of barrels):
      Refined products:
         Gasolines........................................  125,060     120,682     109,841
         Distillates......................................   61,238      61,129      51,508
         Aviation fuels...................................   12,535       9,523      11,123
      LP-Gases............................................   12,839      10,849       9,778
      Lube extracted fuel oil.............................    4,462           0           0
      Crude oil...........................................      860       1,062       3,388
                                                            -------     -------     -------
              Total shipments.............................  216,994     203,245     185,638
                                                            =======     =======     =======
      Daily average (thousands of barrels)................      595         557         509
      Average haul (miles)................................      269         284         279
      Barrel miles (millions).............................   58,326      57,631      51,821
    Revenues (millions):
      Transportation......................................   $177.0      $168.0      $153.0
      Nontransportation...................................     65.7        41.7        26.3
                                                            -------     -------     -------
                                                             $242.7      $209.7      $179.3
                                                            =======     =======     =======
      Average transportation revenue per barrel...........     $.82        $.83        $.82
</TABLE>
 
     Williams Pipe Line began moving a new lube extracted fuel oil product in
1995 from an Oklahoma refinery to Toledo, Ohio, through a joint movement with
other carriers. Volume movements approximate 28 thousand barrels per day.
 
     In 1995, 73 shippers transported volumes through the system. The seven
largest shippers accounted for 54 percent of transportation revenues. The
highest transportation revenue-producing shipper accounted for approximately 11
percent of transportation revenues in 1995. Nontransportation activities
accounted for 27 percent of total revenues in 1995. The increase in
nontransportation revenues is primarily due to expanded gas liquids operations.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the system was directly connected to, and received
products from, 11 operating refineries reported to have an aggregate crude oil
refining capacity of over 900,000 barrels per day. Eight of these refineries are
located in Kansas and Oklahoma, two in Minnesota and one in Wisconsin. The
system also received products through connecting pipelines from other refineries
located in Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma
and Texas. Crude oil is received through connections in Kansas and Oklahoma. The
refineries, which are connected directly or indirectly to the system, have
access to a broad range of crude oil producing areas, including foreign sources.
LP-gases are transported from gas producing and storage areas in central Kansas
through connecting pipelines in Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Nebraska and
South Dakota. In addition to making deliveries to company-owned terminals, the
system delivers products to third-party terminals and connecting pipelines.
 
     The refining industry continues to be affected by environmental regulations
and changing crude supply patterns. The industry's response to environmental
regulations and changing supply patterns will directly affect volumes and
products shipped on the Williams Pipe Line system. EPA regulations, driven by
the Clean Air Act, require refiners to change the composition of fuel
manufactured. A pipeline's ability to respond to the effects of regulation and
changing supply patterns will determine its ability to maintain and capture new
market shares. Williams Pipe Line has successfully responded to changes in
diesel fuel composition and product supply and has adapted to new gasoline
additive requirements. Reformulated gasoline regulations have not yet
significantly affected Williams Pipe Line. Williams Pipe Line will continue to
position itself to respond to changing regulations and supply patterns, but it
is not possible to predict how future changes in the marketplace will affect
Williams Pipe Line's market areas.
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   17
 
  Regulatory Matters
 
     General. Williams Pipe Line, as an interstate common carrier pipeline, is
subject to the provisions and regulations of the Interstate Commerce Act. Under
this Act, Williams Pipe Line is required, among other things, to establish just,
reasonable and nondiscriminatory rates, to file its tariffs with FERC, to keep
its records and accounts pursuant to the Uniform System of Accounts for Oil
Pipeline Companies, to make annual reports to FERC and to submit to examination
of its records by the audit staff of FERC. Authority to regulate rates, shipping
rules and other practices and to prescribe depreciation rates for common carrier
pipelines is exercised by FERC. The Department of Transportation, as authorized
by the 1992 Pipeline Safety Reauthorization Act, is the oversight authority for
interstate liquids pipelines. Williams Pipe Line is also subject to the
provisions of various state laws which are applicable to intrastate pipelines.
 
     Rate Proceeding. On December 31, 1989, a rate cap, which resulted from a
settlement with several shippers, effectively freezing Williams Pipe Line's
rates for the previous five years, expired. Williams Pipe Line filed a revised
tariff on January 16, 1990, with FERC and the state commissions. The tariff set
an average increase in rates of 11 percent and established volume incentives and
proportional rate discounts. Certain shippers on the Williams Pipe Line system
and a competing pipeline carrier filed protests with FERC alleging that the
revised rates are not just and reasonable and are unlawfully discriminatory.
Williams Pipe Line elected to bifurcate this proceeding in accordance with the
then-current FERC policy. Phase I of FERC's bifurcated proceeding provides a
carrier the opportunity to justify its rates and rate structure by demonstrating
that its markets are workably competitive. Any issues unresolved in Phase I
require cost justification in Phase II.
 
     The FERC's Phase I order, as modified by a rehearing decision, has found
that Williams Pipe Line lacks significant market power and is workably
competitive in 20 of the 32 markets under investigation. A shipper has appealed
this decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit which has stayed the appeal proceedings until Phase II has been
completed. Williams Pipe Line filed its direct evidence in Phase II on January
23, 1995. In this filing, Williams Pipe Line departed from the more traditional
cost allocation methodology in lieu of an overall total system revenue
requirement and stand-alone cost ceiling in conjunction with incremental and
short-run marginal cost floors. The hearings began December 4, 1995, and
concluded January 19, 1996. The current procedural schedule forecasts an initial
decision in Phase II in mid-year 1996. While Williams Pipe Line cannot predict
the final outcome of these proceedings, it believes its revised tariffs will
ultimately be found lawful. See Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
 
  Competition
 
     Williams Pipe Line operates without the protection of a federal certificate
of public convenience and necessity that might preclude other entrants from
providing like service in its area of operations. Further, Williams Pipe Line
must plan, operate and compete without the operating stability inherent in a
broad base of contractually obligated or owner-controlled usage. Since Williams
Pipe Line is a common carrier, its shippers need only meet the requirements set
forth in its published tariffs in order to avail themselves of the
transportation services offered by Williams Pipe Line.
 
     Competition exists from other pipelines, refineries, barge traffic,
railroads and tank trucks. Competition is affected by trades of products or
crude oil between refineries which have access to the system and by trades among
brokers, traders and others who control products. Such trades can result in the
diversion from the Williams Pipe Line system of volume which might otherwise be
transported on the system. Shorter, lower revenue hauls may also result from
such trades. Williams Pipe Line also is exposed to interfuel competition whereby
an energy form shipped by a liquids pipeline, such as heating fuel, is replaced
by a form not transported by a liquids pipeline, such as electricity or natural
gas. While Williams Pipe Line faces competition from a variety of sources
throughout its marketing areas, the principal competition is other pipelines. A
number of pipeline systems, competing on a broad range of price and service
levels, provide transportation service to various areas served by the system.
The possible construction of additional competing products or crude oil
pipelines, conversions of crude oil or natural gas pipelines to products
transportation, changes in refining capacity, refinery closings, changes in the
availability of crude oil to refineries located in its
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   18
 
marketing area, or conservation and conversion efforts by fuel consumers may
adversely affect the volumes available for transportation by Williams Pipe Line.
 
  Ownership of Property
 
     Williams Pipe Line's system is owned in fee. However, a substantial portion
of the system is operated, constructed and maintained pursuant to rights-of-way,
easements, permits, licenses or consents on and across properties owned by
others. The terminals, pump stations and all other facilities of the system are
located on lands owned in fee or on lands held under long-term leases, permits
or contracts. Management believes that the system is in such a condition and
maintained in such a manner that it is adequate and sufficient for the conduct
of business.
 
  Environmental Matters
 
     Williams Pipe Line's operations are subject to various federal, state and
local laws and regulations relating to environmental quality control. Management
believes that Williams Pipe Line's operations are in substantial compliance with
existing environmental legal requirements. Management expects that compliance
with such existing environmental legal requirements will not have a material
adverse effect on the capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position of
Williams Pipe Line.
 
     Williams Pipe Line has been named by the EPA as a potentially responsible
party as defined in Section 107(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act, for a site in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. This
site was placed on the National Priorities List in July 1990. In April 1991,
Williams Pipe Line and the EPA executed an administrative consent order under
which Williams Pipe Line agreed to conduct a remedial investigation and
feasibility study for this site. The EPA issued its "No Action" Record of
Decision in 1994 concluding that there were no significant hazards associated
with the site subject to two additional years of monitoring for arsenic in
certain existing monitoring wells. Monitoring should be complete in the first
quarter of 1997.
 
WILLIAMS ENERGY VENTURES, INC. (WILLIAMS ENERGY VENTURES)
 
     Another subsidiary of Williams Holdings, Williams Energy Ventures, is
combined for financial reporting purposes with Williams Pipe Line, although
Williams Energy Ventures' activities are not included in the Williams Pipe Line
operating statistics on page 15 herein. Williams Energy Ventures is engaged in
the manufacturing and marketing of petroleum products and oxygenates. Williams
Energy Ventures also owns an approximate 70 percent interest in a 30 million
gallon per year ethanol plant in Nebraska that began operations in November
1995. Williams Energy Ventures operates the facility and markets the fuel
ethanol output. In addition, on August 1, 1995, Williams Energy Ventures
purchased Pekin Energy Company in Pekin, Illinois, for $167 million. The Pekin
Energy facility produces 100 million gallons annually of fuel-grade and
industrial ethanol and various coproducts.
 
WILLIAMS TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS, INC. (WILTEL)
 
     WilTel provides data, voice and video communications products and services
to a wide variety of customers nationally. WilTel is strategically positioned in
the marketplace with more than 100 sales and service locations throughout the
United States, over 2,800 employees and over 1,200 stocked service vehicles.
WilTel employs more than 1,300 technicians and more than 400 sales
representatives and sales support personnel to serve an estimated 40,000
commercial, governmental and institutional customers. WilTel's customer base
ranges from Fortune 500 corporations and the Federal Government to small
privately-owned entities.
 
     WilTel offers its customers a full array of data, voice and video network
interconnect products including digital key systems (generally designed for
voice applications with fewer than 100 lines), private branch exchange (PBX)
systems (generally designed for voice applications with greater than 100 lines),
voice processing systems, interactive voice response systems, automatic call
distribution applications, call accounting systems, network monitoring and
management systems, desktop video, routers, channel banks, intelligent
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   19
 
hubs and cabling. WilTel's services also include the design, configuration and
installation of voice and data networks and the management of customers'
telecommunications operations and facilities. WilTel's National Technical
Resource Center provides customers with on-line order entry and trouble
reporting services, advanced technical assistance and training. Other service
capabilities include Local Area Network and PBX remote monitoring and toll fraud
detection.
 
     In March 1994, WilTel acquired BellSouth's customer premise equipment sales
and service operations in 29 states outside of BellSouth's local operating
region in the nine southeastern-most states, and in October 1994, acquired
Jackson Voice Data, a New York City-based customer premise equipment company. In
1996, WilTel acquired Comlink, Incorporated, a Massachusetts-based data and
customer premise equipment company. The acquisition of these businesses has
allowed WilTel to capitalize on its existing infrastructure, strengthen its
national market presence and geographic customer density and has provided more
diversity in product offerings.
 
  Operating Statistics
 
     The following table summarizes the results of operations for the periods
indicated (dollars and ports in millions):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                1995       1994       1993
                                                               -------    -------    -------
    <S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
    Revenues.................................................  $ 494.9    $ 396.6    $ 302.8
      Percentage of revenues by type of service:
         New system sales....................................      34%        33%        39%
         System modifications................................      39%        36%        30%
         Maintenance.........................................      25%        24%        23%
         Other...............................................       2%         7%         8%
    Operating profit.........................................  $  28.3    $  18.9    $   9.5
    Backlog..................................................  $  85.0    $  92.4    $  52.0
    Total ports..............................................      4.7        4.1        2.7
</TABLE>
 
     A port is defined as an electronic address resident in a customer's PBX or
key system that supports a station, trunk or data port.
 
     In 1995, WilTel derived approximately 66 percent of its revenues from its
existing customer base and approximately 34 percent from the sale of new
telecommunications systems. WilTel's three largest suppliers accounted for 89
percent of equipment sold in 1995. A single manufacturer supplied 76 percent of
all equipment sold. In this case, WilTel is the largest distributor of certain
of this company's products. About 64 percent of WilTel's active customer base
consists of this manufacturer's products. The distribution agreement with this
supplier is scheduled to expire at the end of 1997. This agreement is expected
to be renewed upon expiration. Management believes there is minimal risk as to
the availability of product from suppliers.
 
  Competition
 
     WilTel has many competitors ranging from AT&T and the Regional Bell
Operating Companies to small individually-owned companies which sell and service
customer premise equipment. Competitors include companies that sell equipment
that is comparable or identical to that sold by WilTel. (See discussion of
telecommunications reform legislation below).
 
  Regulatory Matters
 
     The equipment sold by WilTel must meet the requirements of Part 68 of the
Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") rules governing the equipment
registration, labelling and connection of equipment to telephone networks.
WilTel relies on the equipment manufacturers' compliance with these requirements
for its own compliance regarding the equipment it distributes. A subsidiary of
WilTel, which provides intrastate
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   20
 
microwave communications services for a Federal agency, is subject to FCC
regulations as a common carrier microwave licensee. These regulations have
minimal impact on WilTel's operations.
 
THE WILTECH GROUP, INC. (WILTECH)
 
     WilTech, through subsidiaries, seeks to develop growth opportunities in the
telecommunications and technology industries. WilTech currently conducts its
business through two principal operating subsidiaries, Vyvx, Inc. and Williams
Learning Network, Inc. In October 1995, WilTech acquired a 22 percent interest
in ITCmediaConferencing Company. The investment is expected to expand WilTech's
offerings in the videoconferencing, teleconferencing and enhanced fax services
markets. The total cost of the ITC investment, together with the ICG Wireless
Services' assets and NUS Training Corporation acquisitions discussed below, is
approximately $51 million.
 
  VYVX, INC. (Vyvx)
 
     Vyvx offers fiber-optic television transmission services nationwide. It
provides these broadcast-quality services as an alternative to satellite and
microwave television transmissions. Vyvx primarily provides backhaul or
point-to-point transmission of news and other programming between two or more
customer locations. For example, the Vyvx network is used for the broadcast
coverage of major professional sporting events. Vyvx's customers include all of
the major broadcast and cable networks. Vyvx also provides videoconferencing
business television services.
 
     In 1995, Vyvx announced the acquisition of four teleports (including
satellite earth station facilities) from ICG Wireless Services. The teleports
are located in Atlanta, Denver, Los Angeles and New York (Carteret, N.J.). The
acquisition will enable Vyvx to provide both fiber-optic backhaul and satellite
distribution services. The acquisition, which is subject to certain conditions,
including the receipt of regulatory approvals, is expected to close in the first
half of 1996.
 
     Regulatory Matters. Vyvx is subject to FCC regulations as a common carrier
with regard to certain of its existing and future transmission services and is
subject to the laws of certain states governing public utilities. Operation of
to-be-acquired satellite earth stations and certain other related transmission
facilities are also subject to FCC licensing and other regulations. These
regulations do not have a significant impact on Vyvx's operations.
 
     Competition. Competition for Vyvx's fiber-optic television transmission
operations is derived primarily from companies offering video transmission
services by means of satellite facilities and to a lesser degree from companies
offering transmission services via microwave facilities or fiber-optic cable.
 
     Federal telecommunications reform legislation enacted in February 1996, is
designed to increase competition in the long distance market by significantly
liberalizing current restrictions on market entry. In particular, Regional Bell
Operating Companies are permitted to provide long distance services, including
but not limited to, video transmission services, subject to certain restrictions
and conditions precedent. Moreover, public utilities are permitted to provide
telecommunications services, including long distance services, through separate
subsidiaries. The legislation also calls for tariff forbearance and relaxation
of regulation over common carriers. Any impact such legislation may have on Vyvx
cannot be predicted at this time.
 
  WILLIAMS LEARNING NETWORK, INC. (Williams Learning Network)
 
     Williams Learning Network, formerly Williams Knowledge Systems, provides
computer-based operator training primarily to the energy industry. Williams
Learning Network has licensing agreements with over 150 customers in the oil and
gas pipeline, terminal and trucking industries.
 
     In October 1995, Williams Learning Network acquired NUS Training
Corporation. This acquisition gives Williams Learning Network a large library of
video-based and multimedia training products for the chemical, refining and
utility industries plus an expanded customer base and sales force.
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   21
 
                               OTHER INFORMATION
 
     Williams believes that it has adequate sources and availability of raw
materials to assure the continued supply of its services and products for
existing and anticipated business needs. Williams' pipeline systems are all
regulated in various ways resulting in the financial return on the investments
made in the systems being limited to standards permitted by the regulatory
bodies. Each of the pipeline systems has ongoing capital requirements for
efficiency and mandatory improvements, with expansion opportunities also
necessitating periodic capital outlays.
 
     A plant site in Pensacola, Florida, that was previously operated by a
former subsidiary of Williams, has been placed on the National Priorities List.
This former subsidiary has also been identified as a potentially responsible
party at a National Priorities List cleanup site in Michigan. A third site,
located in Lakeland, Florida, which was formerly owned and operated by this
subsidiary, is under investigation by the Florida Department of Environmental
Protection and cleanup is anticipated. Williams does not believe that the
ultimate resolution of the foregoing matters, taken as a whole and after
consideration of insurance coverage, contribution or other indemnification
arrangements, will have a material adverse financial effect on the Company. See
Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the Company had approximately 10,000 full-time
employees, of whom approximately 1,350 were represented by unions and covered by
collective bargaining agreements. The Company considers its relations with its
employees to be generally good.
 
FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
 
     Certain matters discussed in this report, excluding historical information,
include forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes such
forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, no assurance can
be given that every objective will be reached. Such statements are made in
reliance on the "safe harbor" protections provided under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 
     As required by such Act, the Company hereby identifies the following
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any
results projected, forecasted, estimated or budgeted by the Company in
forward-looking statements: (i) risks and uncertainties impacting the Company as
a whole primarily relate to changes in general economic conditions in the United
States, changes in laws and regulations to which the Company is subject,
including tax, environmental and employment laws and regulations, the cost and
effects of legal and administrative claims and proceedings against the Company
or its subsidiaries or which may be brought against the Company or its
subsidiaries and conditions of the capital markets utilized by the Company to
access capital to finance operations; (ii) for the Company's regulated
businesses, risks and uncertainties primarily relate to the impact of future
federal and state regulation of business activities, including allowed rates of
return; and (iii) risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's
nonregulated businesses primarily relate to the ability of such entities to
develop expanded markets and product offerings as well as maintaining existing
markets. In addition, future utilization of pipeline capacity will depend on
energy prices, competition from other pipelines and alternate fuels, the general
level of natural gas and petroleum product demand and weather conditions, among
other things. Further, gas prices which directly impact transportation and
gathering and processing throughput and operating profits may fluctuate in
unpredictable ways. It is also not possible to predict which of many possible
future products and service offerings will be important to maintaining a
competitive position in the telecommunications business or what expenditures
will be required to develop and provide such products and services.
 
(D) FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES
 
     Williams has no significant foreign operations.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
 
     See Item 1(c) for description of properties.
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   22
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
     Other than as described under Item 1 -- Business and in Note 17 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, there are no material pending legal
proceedings. Williams is subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to
its businesses.
 
     With respect to the Dakota litigation described in Note 17, certain parties
have subsequently filed a motion with FERC requesting that FERC establish an
additional proceeding to consider claims for additional refunds. The claimed
additional refunds pertain to amounts paid Dakota from November 1, 1988, through
April 30, 1993. Net to Transco's interest, the claimed additional refunds
approximate $90 million. Transco has filed documents with FERC opposing the
motion for additional refunds. The administrative law judge's initial decision
in this case pertained only to periods after April 30, 1993, and, if sustained,
would require Transco to refund to ratepayers approximately $75 million.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
     Not applicable.
 
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF WILLIAMS
 
     The names, ages, positions and earliest election dates of the executive
officers of Williams are:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         HELD
                                                                                        OFFICE
             NAME               AGE             POSITIONS AND OFFICES HELD              SINCE
- ------------------------------  ---   -----------------------------------------------  --------
<S>                             <C>   <C>                                              <C>
Keith E. Bailey...............  53    Chairman of the Board, President, Chief          05-19-94
                                      Executive Officer and Director (Principal
                                        Executive Officer)
John C. Bumgarner, Jr. .......  53    Senior Vice President -- Corporate Development   01-01-79
                                      and Planning
James R. Herbster.............  54    Senior Vice President -- Administration          01-01-92
J. Furman Lewis...............  61    Senior Vice President and General Counsel        07-15-86
Jack D. McCarthy..............  53    Senior Vice President -- Finance (Principal      01-01-92
                                      Financial Officer)
Gary R. Belitz................  46    Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)        01-01-92
Stephen L. Cropper............  46    President -- Williams Pipe Line, Williams        01-22-86
                                      Energy Services and Williams Energy Ventures
Lloyd A. Hightower............  61    President -- Williams Field Services             05-11-93
Henry C. Hirsch...............  53    President -- Williams Telecommunications         08-21-92
                                      Systems
Howard E. Janzen..............  41    President -- The WilTech Group, Inc.             12-01-94
Brian E. O'Neill..............  60    President -- Transco, Northwest Pipeline, Kern   01-01-88
                                      River, TXG and Williams Natural Gas
</TABLE>
 
     All of the above officers have been employed by Williams or its
subsidiaries as officers or otherwise for more than five years and have had no
other employment during such period.
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   23
 
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
        AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 
     Williams' Common Stock is listed on the New York and Pacific Stock
Exchanges under the symbol "WMB." At the close of business on December 31, 1995,
Williams had 11,933 holders of record of its Common Stock. The daily closing
price ranges (composite transactions) and dividends declared by quarter for each
of the past two years are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1995                            1994
                                     ------------------------------    -----------------------------
QUARTER                                HIGH        LOW     DIVIDEND     HIGH        LOW     DIVIDEND
- --------                             -------     -------   --------    -------    -------   --------
<S>                                  <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>
1st................................  $30-7/8     $24-7/8     $.27      $27-1/4    $22-3/4     $.21
2nd................................  $35-3/8     $30-1/4     $.27      $30-1/8    $22-1/8     $.21
3rd................................  $39-1/8     $34-5/8     $.27      $32-7/8    $28-3/8     $.21
4th................................  $44-1/2     $37-5/8     $.27      $30-1/4    $24-1/8     $.21
</TABLE>
 
     In January 1996, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 25.9
percent increase in the Common Stock dividend. The dividend approved for the
first quarter of 1996 was $.34 per share.
 
     Terms of certain subsidiaries' borrowing arrangements limit transfer of
funds to Williams. These terms have not impeded, nor are they expected to in the
future, Williams' ability to meet its cash obligations. See Note 13 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   24
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
     The following financial data are an integral part of, and should be read in
conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
Information concerning significant trends in the financial condition and results
of operations is contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations on pages F-1 through F-9 of this report.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          1995          1994         1993         1992         1991
                                        ---------     --------     --------     --------     --------
                                                    (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                     <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues*.............................  $ 2,855.7     $1,751.1     $1,793.4     $1,983.5     $1,704.5
Income from continuing operations*....      299.4        164.9        185.4        103.1         69.7
Income from discontinued
  operations**........................    1,018.8         94.0         46.4         25.2         40.3
Fully diluted earnings per share:
  Income from continuing operations...       2.76         1.52         1.71          .97          .69
  Income from discontinued
     operations.......................       9.72          .92          .45          .28          .48
Cash dividends per common share.......       1.08          .84          .78          .76          .70
Total assets at December 31...........   10,494.8      5,226.1      5,020.4      4,982.3      4,247.4
Long-term obligations at December
  31..................................    2,874.0      1,307.8      1,604.8      1,683.2      1,541.9
Stockholders' equity at December 31...    3,187.1      1,505.5      1,724.0      1,518.3      1,220.0
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
 * See Notes 5 and 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
   discussion of significant asset sales and write-off of project costs.
 
** See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of
   the gain on the sale of discontinued operations.
 
ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
       OF OPERATIONS
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
  1995 vs. 1994
 
     Northwest Pipeline's revenues increased $16.7 million, or 7 percent, due
primarily to the $16 million reversal of a portion of certain rate refund
accruals and increased transportation rates put into effect in November 1994,
partially offset by the completion in 1994 of billing contract-reformation
surcharges. Mainline throughput increased 22 percent; however, revenues were not
significantly affected due to the effects of the straight-fixed-variable rate
design prescribed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Operating
profit increased $11.6 million, or 11 percent, due primarily to higher
transportation rates and the approximate $11 million net effect of two reserve
accrual adjustments, partially offset by $5 million, or 13 percent, higher
operations and maintenance expenses. The reserve accrual adjustments involved a
$16 million adjustment to rate refund accruals because of favorable rate case
developments, partially offset by a loss accrual (included in other
income -- net) in connection with a lawsuit involving a former transportation
customer.
 
     Williams Natural Gas' revenues decreased $57 million, or 25 percent, and
costs and operating expenses decreased $62 million, or 40 percent, due primarily
to $36 million lower direct billing of purchased gas adjustments and lower
contract-reformation recovery of $21 million. Operating profit decreased $3.8
million, or 8 percent, due primarily to the absence of the 1994 reversal of
excess contract-reformation accruals of $7.4 million and $3.2 million from lower
1995 average firm reserved capacity, partially offset by $4.6 million resulting
from higher average firm reserved capacity rates, effective August 1, 1995, and
higher storage revenues of $3.7 million.
 
     Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line's revenues were $725.3 million in 1995,
while costs and expenses were $560 million and operating profit was $165
million. Throughput was 1,410.9 TBtu in 1995 (for the period subsequent to the
acquisition date). Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line placed new, higher rates into
effect September 1, 1995, subject to refund. Market-area deliveries in 1995 and
1994 were approximately the same.
 
                                       F-1
<PAGE>   25
 
     Texas Gas Transmission's revenues were $276.3 million in 1995, while costs
and expenses were $212 million and operating profit was $64 million. Throughput
was 653.4 TBtu in 1995 (for the period subsequent to the acquisition date).
Texas Gas placed new, higher rates into effect April 1, 1995, subject to refund.
 
     Williams Field Services Group's revenues increased $216.1 million, or 58
percent, due primarily to $172 million higher gathering revenues in addition to
higher natural gas sales. Gathering revenues increased due primarily to a 102
percent increase in gathering volumes, including $131 million attributable to
Transco Energy's Gulf Coast gathering operations, combined with an increase in
average gathering prices, excluding Gulf Coast operations. Natural gas sales
increased due to higher volumes, partially offset by lower average prices.
Liquids and processing volumes increased 6 percent and 4 percent, respectively.
Costs and operating expenses increased $171 million, or 79 percent, and selling,
general and administrative expenses increased $28 million, or 89 percent, with
Transco Energy's activities contributing $102 million and $13 million,
respectively. In addition, costs and operating expenses increased from higher
natural gas purchase volumes and expanded facilities. Other income -- net
includes $12 million in operating profit from the net effect of two unrelated
items. One was $20 million of income from the favorable resolution of
contingency issues involving previously regulated gathering and processing
assets. This was partially offset by an $8 million accrual for a future minimum
price natural gas commitment. Operating profit increased $28.3 million, or 22
percent, primarily resulting from the $12 million in other income and a doubling
of gathering volumes, primarily a result of Transco Energy's gathering
activities. Partially offsetting these increases was the effect of lower natural
gas prices. Operating profit in 1994 included approximately $12 million in
favorable settlements and adjustments of certain prior period accruals,
including income of $4 million from an adjustment to operating taxes.
 
     Williams Energy Services' revenues and costs and operating expenses
decreased $177.9 million and $238 million, respectively. The addition of Transco
Energy's gas trading activities was more than offset by the reporting of 1995
natural gas marketing activities on a net-margin basis (see Note 15). Natural
gas physical trading volumes increased to 753.8 TBtu in 1995 compared to 147.8
TBtu in 1994, primarily from the effect of the Transco Energy acquisition.
Operating profit increased $29.5 million from $500,000 in 1994. Trading
activities' operating profit increased $34 million, attributable primarily to
income recognition from long-term natural gas supply obligations and no-notice
service provided to local distribution companies. Included in trading activities
is a price-risk management adjustment of $4 million from the valuation of
certain natural gas supply and sales contracts previously excluded from trading
activities. These increases were partially offset by $6 million of loss
provisions, primarily accruals for contract disputes, and increased costs of
supporting its information services business. As a result of Williams Energy
Services' price-risk management and trading activities, it is subject to risk
from changes in energy commodity market prices, the portfolio position of its
financial instruments and credit risk. Williams Energy Services manages its
portfolio position by making commitments which manage risk by maintaining its
portfolio within established trading policy guidelines.
 
     Williams Pipe Line's revenues (including Williams Energy Ventures)
increased $39.5 million, or 13 percent, due to an increase in transportation and
non-transportation revenues of $9 million and $30.5 million, respectively.
Shipments, while 7 percent higher than 1994, were reduced by the November 1994
fire at our truck-loading rack and unfavorable weather conditions in the first
half of 1995. The average transportation rate per barrel and average length of
haul were slightly below 1994 due primarily to shorter haul movements. The
increase in non-transportation revenues reflects $84 million from the
acquisition of Pekin Energy in August 1995 and increased gas liquids operations
of $16 million, largely offset by $62 million related to lower petroleum-product
services due to adverse market conditions and a $15 million decrease in refined-
product sales due to the unavailability of certain refined-product supplies.
Costs and expenses increased $22 million, or 8 percent, due primarily to
increased operating expenses associated with transportation and
non-transportation activities. Operating profit (including Williams Energy
Ventures) increased $17.8 million, or 34 percent, due primarily to higher
transportation revenues of $9 million and non-transportation activities of $8.8
million. Non-transportation includes $3 million related to the acquisition of
Pekin Energy and the absence of $5 million of costs in 1994 for evaluating and
determining whether to build an oil refinery near
 
                                       F-2
<PAGE>   26
 
Phoenix. Williams Energy Ventures' results improved in 1995 with a $400,000
operating loss compared to an $8.1 million operating loss in 1994.
 
     WilTel's revenues increased $98.3 million, or 25 percent, due primarily to
$30 million from new systems, $28 million from existing system enhancements and
$37 million from contract maintenance, moves, adds and changes. These amounts
include the effect of the acquisitions of BellSouth Communications Systems in
March 1994 and Jackson Voice Data, completed in October 1994. The number of
ports in service at December 31, 1995, has increased 14 percent as compared to
December 31, 1994. Costs and operating expenses increased $79 million, or 26
percent, due primarily to the increase in volume of sales and services. While
the $11 million, or 15 percent, increase in selling, general and administrative
expenses is due primarily to higher revenues, the selling, general and
administrative expense to revenue percent declined from 19.2 percent to 17.7
percent, reflecting better leveraging of the company's existing infrastructure.
Operating profit increased $9.4 million, or 50 percent, due primarily to
increased activity in new system sales, enhancements to existing systems,
maintenance and the full-year 1995 impact of two 1994 acquisitions and cost
control efforts.
 
     WilTech Group's revenues increased $24 million, or 120 percent, due
primarily to $15 million in higher occasional and dedicated digital television
services revenues and the effect of an acquisition during 1995. Billable minutes
from occasional service increased 110 percent and dedicated service voice grade
equivalent miles at December 31, 1995, increased 50 percent as compared with
December 31, 1994. The $6 million, or 22 percent, increase in cost of sales and
the $10 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses
reflects the overall increase in sales activity and higher expenses for
developing additional products and services. Operating loss decreased $8
million, or 71 percent, due to higher demand for WilTech Group's digital
television services, which produced volumes sufficient to result in operating
profit for the fourth quarter.
 
     General corporate expenses increased $9.7 million, due primarily to a $6.4
million increase in charitable contributions, including $5 million to The
Williams Companies Foundation. Interest accrued increased $132.1 million, due
primarily to the $2 billion outstanding debt assumed as a result of the Transco
Energy acquisition. Interest capitalized increased $8.5 million, due primarily
to increased expenditures for gathering and processing facilities and Northwest
Pipeline's expansion projects. Investing income increased $44.3 million, due
primarily to interest earned on the invested portion of the cash proceeds from
the sale of Williams' network services operations in addition to an $11 million
increase in the dividend from Texasgulf Inc. The 1995 loss on sales of assets
results from the sale of the 15 percent interest in Texasgulf Inc. (see Note 5).
The 1994 gain on sales of assets results from the sale of 3,461,500 limited
partner common units in Northern Border Partners, L.P. The 1995 write-off of
project costs results from the cancellation of an underground coal gasification
project in Wyoming (see Note 6). Other income (expense) -- net in 1995 includes
approximately $10 million of minority interest expense associated with the
Transco Energy merger, $4 million of dividends on subsidiary preferred stock and
$4 million of losses on sales of receivables, partially offset by $11 million of
equity allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC). Other income
(expense) -- net in 1994 includes a credit for $4.8 million from the reversal of
previously accrued liabilities associated with certain Royalty Trust
contingencies that expired. Also included is approximately $4 million of expense
related to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 112,
"Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," which relates to
postemployment benefits being paid to employees of companies previously sold.
 
     The $20.3 million increase in the provision for income taxes on continuing
operations is primarily a result of higher pre-tax income, partially offset by a
lower effective income tax rate resulting from $29.8 million of previously
unrecognized tax benefits realized as a result of the sale of Texasgulf Inc.
(see Note 5) and an $8 million income tax benefit resulting from settlements
with taxing authorities. The effective income tax rate in 1995 is significantly
less than the federal statutory rate, due primarily to the previously
unrecognized tax benefits realized as a result of the sale of the investment in
Texasgulf Inc., income tax credits from coal-seam gas production and recognition
of an $8 million income tax benefit resulting from settlements with taxing
authorities, partially offset by the effects of state income taxes and minority
interest. The effective income tax rate in 1994 is lower than the statutory rate
primarily because of income tax credits from coal-seam gas production, partially
offset by state income taxes (see Note 7).
 
                                       F-3
<PAGE>   27
 
     On January 5, 1995, Williams sold its network services operations to LDDS
Communications, Inc. for $2.5 billion in cash. The sale yielded an after-tax
gain of approximately $1 billion, which is reported as income from discontinued
operations. Prior period operating results for the network services operations
are reported as discontinued operations (see Note 3).
 
     The 1994 extraordinary loss results from the early extinguishment of debt
(see Note 8). Preferred stock dividends increased $6.5 million as a result of
the May 1995 issuance of 2.5 million shares of Williams $3.50 cumulative
convertible preferred stock in exchange for Transco Energy's $3.50 cumulative
convertible preferred stock (see Note 14) in addition to the $3.5 million
premium on exchange of $2.21 cumulative preferred stock for debentures.
 
  1994 vs. 1993
 
     Northwest Pipeline's revenues decreased $38 million, or 14 percent, as
expanded firm transportation service was more than offset by the absence of
natural gas sales following the fourth-quarter 1993 implementation of FERC Order
636 and $10 million resulting from the 1994 completion of contract-reformation
surcharges. Total mainline throughput increased 9 percent. Firm transportation
service increased due to a mainline expansion, supported by 15-year firm
transportation contracts, being placed into service on April 1, 1993. Northwest
Pipeline placed new, increased transportation rates into effect on November 1,
1994, and April 1, 1993, subject to refund. The April 1, 1993, rates reflected
the new mainline expansion and straight-fixed-variable rate design that
moderates seasonal swings in operating revenues. Costs and operating expenses
decreased $43 million, or 32 percent, due primarily to the absence of natural
gas purchase volumes of $41 million and the completion of contract-reformation
amortization, slightly offset by increased operating expenses primarily related
to the full-year effect on 1994 of the mainline expansion. Operating profit
increased $5.3 million, or 5 percent, due primarily to expanded firm
transportation service related to the company's mainline system expansion.
 
     Williams Natural Gas' revenues decreased $62.8 million, or 21 percent,
primarily as a result of the absence of natural gas sales resulting from
implementation of FERC Order 636 on October 1, 1993. The decrease in revenues
was partially offset by the implementation of new rates required by the Order,
direct billing of net purchased gas cost adjustment amounts of approximately $40
million and higher direct billing of recoverable contract-reformation costs of
approximately $17 million. Costs and operating expenses decreased $67 million,
or 30 percent, primarily as a result of approximately $120 million lower gas
purchase costs resulting from the implementation of FERC Order 636, partially
offset by the costs that were direct billed as discussed above. Operating profit
increased $7.8 million, or 19 percent, primarily as a result of the full-year
effect of new rates, implementation of Order 636 and the reversal of excess
contract-reformation accruals recorded in other income -- net ($7.4 million in
1994 and $2.5 million in 1993), partially offset by the absence of the
regulatory accounting effect of an income tax rate increase in 1993 (which was
offset in income tax expense). FERC Order 636 utilizes a straight-fixed-variable
rate design that is applied to each customer's annual firm contract demand for
transportation.
 
     Williams Field Services Group's revenues decreased $56.5 million, or 13
percent, due primarily to $71 million in lower natural gas sales revenues as a
result of the March 1993 sale of Williams' intrastate natural gas pipeline
system and related marketing operations in Louisiana, $9 million in lower
liquids revenues and lower average processing prices. Partially offsetting were
higher gathering and processing revenues of $22 million and $8 million,
respectively, from increased volumes of 13 percent and 21 percent, respectively.
Increased other revenues in 1994 were offset by a 1993 favorable settlement
involving processing revenues from prior periods. Costs and operating expenses
decreased $59 million, or 21 percent, due primarily to lower natural gas
purchases of $66 million and the effects of a favorable adjustment of an accrual
related to operating taxes, partially offset by higher operations, maintenance
and depreciation expenses at expanded gathering facilities. Operating profit
increased $2.6 million, or 2 percent, due primarily to higher gathering and
processing volumes and a $4 million favorable operating taxes adjustment,
partially offset by $5 million of lower per-unit liquids margins, lower average
processing prices and higher operations, maintenance and depreciation expenses
associated with expanded facilities.
 
                                       F-4
<PAGE>   28
 
     Williams Energy Services' revenues decreased $97.1 million, or 27 percent,
due primarily to lower natural gas sales volumes and prices of $45 million,
lower refined-product trading margins and the $45 million effect of reporting
these trading activities on a "net margin" basis, effective July 1, 1993. Costs
and operating expenses decreased 29 percent, due to lower natural gas purchase
volumes and prices of $46 million and the $43 million effect of reporting
refined-product trading activities on a "net margin" basis, partially offset by
the cost of developing long-term energy industry businesses. General and
administrative expenses increased 44 percent, reflecting the costs of
establishing appropriate administrative and project support groups to serve
growing business activities. Operating profit was $500,000 in 1994 compared to
$7.9 million in 1993. Price-risk management services' results continued to be
profitable but were lower by $6 million in 1994 than 1993 because of reduced
gasoline and distillate margins and the effect of location pricing differentials
in refined-products trading activities, partially offset by an improvement in
natural gas trading margins reflecting increased volumes. Costs to develop
long-term energy industry opportunities also adversely affected operating
profit. Results from natural gas marketing activities increased by $2 million in
1994 compared to 1993.
 
     Williams Pipe Line's shipments increased 9 percent, due primarily to new
volumes resulting from the December 1993 acquisition of a pipeline system in
southern Oklahoma. Revenues (including Williams Energy Ventures) increased
$130.2 million, or 72 percent, due primarily to higher shipments, increased gas
liquids and fractionator operations of $30 million and petroleum services
activities of $106 million. The slightly higher average transportation rate
resulted primarily from longer hauls into the northern region and overall
increases in tariff rates, effective December 1, 1994, and June 1, 1993,
partially offset by lower rates on shorter haul movements from new business.
Costs and operating expenses increased $125 million, or 94 percent, due
primarily to gas liquids and fractionator operations, additional operating
expenses, petroleum services activities of $104 million and the cost of
developing long-term energy industry businesses. Operating profit (including
Williams Energy Ventures) increased $4.8 million, or 10 percent, reflecting $15
million from increased shipments and a favorable insurance settlement, partially
offset by higher operating and maintenance expenses. Operating profit also
includes $9 million of costs from developing long-term energy industry
investment opportunities. Included in 1994's other income -- net is
approximately $5 million of costs for evaluating and determining whether to
build an oil refinery near Phoenix.
 
     WilTel's revenues increased $93.8 million, or 31 percent, due in large part
to the March 31, 1994, acquisition of BellSouth's customer equipment sales and
service operations in 29 states, as evidenced by a 52 percent increase in the
number of ports. Costs and operating expenses and selling, general and
administrative expenses increased 31 percent and 20 percent, respectively, due
to the increase in volume of equipment sales and services. Operating profit
increased to $18.9 million in 1994 from $9.5 million in 1993, primarily
resulting from higher sales volumes, partially offset by an increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses. Margins were level between 1994 and 1993,
while selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue
decreased in 1994 compared to 1993.
 
     WilTech Group's revenues and operating losses for 1994 and 1993 are
primarily from Vyvx, Inc.'s switched fiber-optic television transmission
services. Results of Vyvx's operations improved significantly in 1994; however,
the operations in both periods were not profitable as sufficient volumes had not
been achieved to support the infrastructure in place. Revenues increased $6.5
million, or 48 percent, in 1994 reflecting higher occasional and dedicated
digital television services, which helped reduce operating losses 34 percent
from $17 million in 1993 to $11.3 million in 1994.
 
     General corporate expenses decreased $10.4 million, reflecting lower
supplemental retirement benefits (see Note 9) and incentive compensation
accruals. Interest accrued decreased $5.4 million, primarily because of lower
effective interest rates, partially offset by higher average borrowing levels.
Interest capitalized decreased $4.4 million, reflecting the completion of
Northwest Pipeline's mainline expansion, which was placed in service April 1,
1993. Investing income decreased $15.6 million, due primarily to lower
investment levels and lower equity earnings for Apco Argentina Inc., in addition
to the sale of a portion of Williams' interest in Northern Border Partners, L.P.
The 1994 gain on sales of assets results from the sale of 3,461,500 limited
partner common units in Northern Border Partners, L.P. The gain on sales of
assets in 1993 results from the sale of 6.1 million units in the Williams Coal
Seam Gas Royalty Trust and the sale of the intrastate natural gas pipeline
system and other related assets in Louisiana (see Note 6). Other income
(expense)-- net
 
                                       F-5
<PAGE>   29
 
in 1994 includes a credit for $4.8 million from the reversal of previously
accrued liabilities associated with certain Royalty Trust contingencies that
expired. Also included is approximately $4 million of expense related to FAS No.
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," which relates to
postemployment benefits being paid to employees of companies previously sold.
Other income (expense)-- net in 1993 includes $6 million of expense accruals for
certain costs associated with businesses previously sold, offset by $6 million
of equity AFUDC related to the Northwest Pipeline mainline expansion.
 
     The $30.9 million decrease in the provision for income taxes on continuing
operations is primarily a result of lower pre-tax income and the $15.8 million
cumulative effect in 1993 of the 1 percent increase in the federal income tax
rate. The effective income tax rate in 1994 is lower than the statutory rate,
primarily because of income tax credits from coal-seam gas production, partially
offset by state income taxes. The effective income tax rate in 1993 is higher
than the statutory rate, primarily because of the effect of the federal income
tax rate increase and state income taxes, partially offset by income tax credits
from coal-seam gas production (see Note 7).
 
     The network services operations of Williams have been presented in the
Consolidated Financial Statements as discontinued operations (see Note 3).
Income from discontinued operations more than doubled to $94 million. The
increase reflects a 93 percent increase in switched services minutes and a 24
percent increase in private line billable circuits. These increases more than
offset a major carrier's long-expected removal of traffic from Williams' system
to the carrier's expanded network. Income was also impacted by a decrease in
interest accrued due to the early extinguishment of network services' long-term
debt. The effective income tax rate for both 1994 and 1993 is greater than the
federal statutory rate, due to the effect of state income taxes.
 
     The extraordinary loss results from early extinguishment of debt (see Note
8). Preferred stock dividends decreased, reflecting the redemption of 3,000,000
shares of outstanding $3.875 convertible exchangeable preferred stock during the
second quarter of 1993 (see Note 14).
 
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
 
  Liquidity
 
     Williams considers its liquidity to come from two sources: internal
liquidity, consisting of available cash investments, and external liquidity,
consisting of borrowing capacity from available bank-credit facilities, which
can be utilized without limitation under existing loan covenants. At December
31, 1995, Williams had access to $726 million of liquidity representing the
available portion of its $800 million bank-credit facility plus cash-equivalent
investments. This compares with liquidity of $495 million at December 31, 1994,
and $639 million at December 31, 1993. The increase in 1995 is due primarily to
a $200 million increase in the capacity of the bank-credit facility (see Note
13). In January 1996, Williams Holdings of Delaware, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Williams, filed a $400 million shelf registration statement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and subsequently issued $250 million of
debt securities. During 1993, Williams filed a $300 million shelf registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, increasing the total
amount available to $400 million. The registration statement may be used to
issue Williams common or preferred stock, preferred stock purchase rights, debt
securities, warrants to purchase Williams common stock or warrants to purchase
debt securities. Williams does not anticipate the need for additional financing
arrangements; however, Williams believes such arrangements could be obtained on
reasonable terms if required.
 
     Williams had a net working-capital deficit of $706 million at December 31,
1995, compared with $17 million at December 31, 1994. Williams manages its
borrowings to keep cash and cash equivalents at a minimum and has relied on
bank-credit facilities to provide flexibility for its cash needs. As a result,
it historically has reported negative working capital. The increase in the
working-capital deficit at December 31, 1995, as compared to the prior year-end
is primarily a result of higher 1995 levels of accounts payable and accrued
liabilities (see Note 12) and the effect of the 1994 net assets of discontinued
operations (see Note 3).
 
                                       F-6
<PAGE>   30
 
     Terms of certain borrowing agreements limit transfer of funds to Williams
from its subsidiaries. The restrictions have not impeded, nor are they expected
to impede, Williams' ability to meet its cash requirements in the future.
 
     Subsequent to December 31, 1995, Williams entered into a $205 million
short-term borrowing agreement to finance the purchase of the remaining interest
in Kern River Gas Transmission (see Notes 5 and 13). During 1996, Williams
expects to finance capital expenditures, investments and working-capital
requirements through cash generated from operations and the use of its $800
million bank-credit facility or public debt/equity offerings.
 
  Operating Activities
 
     Cash provided by continuing operating activities was: 1995 -- $829 million;
1994 -- $180 million; and 1993 -- $187 million. Accrued liabilities increased,
due primarily to the income tax and other liabilities associated with the sale
of the network services operations in addition to the acquisition of Transco
Energy. The increases in receivables, inventory, other current assets, property,
plant and equipment, other noncurrent assets and deferred charges, payables,
long-term debt, deferred income taxes, and other liabilities primarily reflect
the acquisition of Transco Energy. In addition, the increase in receivables was
partially offset by a $56 million increase in the level of receivables sold.
Cash provided by discontinued operations was: 1994 -- $169 million; and
1993 -- $162 million.
 
  Financing Activities
 
     Net cash provided (used) by financing activities was: 1995 -- ($1.4)
billion; 1994 -- $50 million; and 1993 -- ($220) million. Notes payable
decreased, reflecting the repayment of these notes with the proceeds from the
sale of the network services operations. Long-term debt principal payments net
of debt proceeds were $610 million during 1995. Long-term debt proceeds, net of
principal payments and early extinguishment of debt were $24 million during
1994. Long-term debt principal payments totaled $192 million during 1993.
 
     On January 18, 1995, Williams acquired 60 percent of Transco Energy's
outstanding common stock in a cash tender offer for $430.5 million. Williams
acquired the remaining 40 percent of Transco Energy's outstanding common stock
on May 1, 1995, through a merger by exchanging the remaining Transco Energy
common stock for approximately 10.4 million shares of Williams common stock
valued at $334 million. Additionally, $2.3 billion in preferred stock and debt
obligations of Transco Energy was assumed by Williams. Williams made payments to
retire and/or terminate approximately $700 million of Transco Energy's
borrowings, preferred stock, interest-rate swaps and sale of receivable
facilities. As part of the merger, Williams exchanged Transco Energy's $3.50
cumulative convertible preferred stock for Williams' $3.50 cumulative
convertible preferred stock (see Note 2). The cash portion of the acquisition
and the payments to retire and/or terminate various Transco Energy facilities
were financed with the proceeds from the sale of Williams' network services
operations (see Note 3).
 
     During 1995, Williams exchanged 2.8 million shares of its $2.21 cumulative
preferred stock with a carrying value of $69 million for 9.6 percent debentures
with a fair value of $72.5 million (see Note 14).
 
     The 1995 proceeds from issuance of common stock includes $46.2 million from
the sale of 1.2 million shares of Williams common stock, held by a subsidiary of
Williams and previously classified as treasury stock in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet, in addition to certain Williams benefit plan stock purchases and exercise
of stock options under Williams' stock plans. The majority of the proceeds from
issuance of common stock in 1994 and 1993 resulted from certain Williams benefit
plan stock purchases and exercise of stock options under Williams' stock plan
(see Note 14).
 
     During 1994, Williams and one of its subsidiaries purchased 13.8 million
shares of Williams common stock on the open market for $407 million.
Substantially all of the purchases were financed with a $400 million bank-credit
agreement. In 1995, the outstanding amounts under the credit agreement were
repaid from the proceeds of the sale of Williams' network services operations,
and the credit agreement was terminated.
 
                                       F-7
<PAGE>   31
 
Williams also repurchased 258,800 shares of its $2.21 cumulative preferred stock
on the open market for $6 million in 1994.
 
     During 1993, Williams called for redemption of its 3,000,000 shares of
outstanding $3.875 convertible exchangeable preferred stock. Substantially all
of the preferred shares were converted into 7,600,000 shares of Williams common
stock.
 
     Long-term debt at December 31, 1995, was $2.9 billion, compared with $1.3
billion at December 31, 1994, and $1.6 billion at December 31, 1993. The
increase in long-term debt is due primarily to the $2 billion outstanding debt
assumed as a result of the Transco Energy acquisition. The long-term debt to
debt-plus-equity ratio was 47.4 percent at year-end, compared with 46.5 percent
and 48.2 percent at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Included in
long-term debt due within one year at December 31, 1994, was $350 million
outstanding under Williams' revolving credit loan.
 
     See Note 8 for information regarding early extinguishment of debt by
Williams and one of its subsidiaries during 1994.
 
  Investing Activities
 
     Net cash provided (used) by investing activities was: 1995 -- $585 million;
1994 -- ($427) million; and 1993 -- ($277) million. Capital expenditures of
pipeline subsidiaries, including gathering and processing facilities, primarily
to expand and modernize systems, were $734 million in 1995; $272 million in
1994; and $405 million in 1993. Capital expenditures for discontinued operations
were $143 million and $101 million in 1994 and 1993, respectively, primarily to
expand and enhance Williams' network services operations network. Expenditures
in 1995 include Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and Northwest Pipeline's
expansions as well as expansion of gathering and processing facilities.
Expenditures in 1994 include Northwest Pipeline's additional mainline expansion
and the expansion of various gathering and processing facilities. Expenditures
in 1993 include the completion of Northwest Pipeline's first mainline expansion
and the expansion of various gathering and processing facilities. Budgeted
capital expenditures and acquisitions for 1996 are approximately $1.3 billion,
primarily to expand pipeline systems and gathering and processing facilities,
expand the telecommunications network and acquire the remaining interest in Kern
River Gas Transmission.
 
     During 1995, Williams received proceeds of $124 million from the sale of
its 15 percent interest in Texasgulf Inc. (see Note 5). During 1994, Williams
received net proceeds of $80 million from the sale of limited partner units in
Northern Border Partners, L.P. During 1993, Williams received net proceeds of
$113 million from the sale of 6.1 million units in the Williams Coal Seam Gas
Royalty Trust. In addition, Williams sold its intrastate natural gas pipeline
system and other related assets in Louisiana for $170 million (see Note 6).
 
     During 1995, in addition to the Transco Energy acquisition (see Note 2),
Williams acquired the Gas Company of New Mexico's natural gas gathering and
processing assets in the San Juan and Permian basins for $154 million (including
approximately 10 percent of which was immediately sold to a third party) and
Pekin Energy Co., the nation's second largest ethanol producer, for $167 million
in cash.
 
EFFECTS OF INFLATION
 
     Williams has experienced increased costs in recent years due to the effects
of inflation. However, approximately 55 percent of Williams' property, plant and
equipment was acquired or constructed during 1995, while the remainder was
purchased or constructed since 1982, a period of relatively low inflation. A
substantial portion of Williams' property, plant and equipment is subject to
regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost. While Williams believes it
will be allowed the opportunity to earn a return based on the actual cost
incurred to replace existing assets, competition or other market factors may
limit the ability to recover such increased costs.
 
                                       F-8
<PAGE>   32
 
ENVIRONMENTAL
 
     Williams is a participant in certain environmental activities in various
stages involving assessment studies, cleanup operations and/or remedial
processes. The sites, some of which are not currently owned by Williams (see
Note 17), are being monitored by Williams, other potentially responsible
parties, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), or other governmental
authorities in a coordinated effort. In addition, Williams maintains an active
monitoring program for its continued remediation and cleanup of certain sites
connected with its refined products pipeline activities. Williams has both joint
and several liability in some of these activities and sole responsibility in
others. Current estimates of the most likely costs of such cleanup activities,
after payments by other parties, are approximately $86 million, all of which is
accrued at December 31, 1995. Williams expects to seek recovery of approximately
$72 million of the accrued costs through future rates. Williams will fund these
costs from operations and/or available bank-credit facilities. The actual costs
incurred will depend on the final amount, type and extent of contamination
discovered at these sites, the final cleanup standards mandated by the EPA or
other governmental authorities, and other factors.
 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
 
     In January 1996, the Williams Board of Directors increased the quarterly
cash dividend on Williams common stock to $.34 per share, a 25.9 percent
increase over the previous amount.
 
                                       F-9
<PAGE>   33
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                        ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>
Report of Independent Auditors........................................................  F-11
Consolidated Statement of Income......................................................  F-12
Consolidated Balance Sheet............................................................  F-14
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity........................................  F-15
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows..................................................  F-16
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements............................................  F-17
Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)..................................................  F-43
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-10
<PAGE>   34
 
                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 
To The Stockholders of
  The Williams Companies, Inc.
 
     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of The Williams
Companies, Inc. as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related consolidated
statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 1995. Our audits also included the
financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial
statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedules based on our audits.
 
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
The Williams Companies, Inc. at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules,
when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
 
                                            ERNST & YOUNG LLP
 
Tulsa, Oklahoma
February 9, 1996
 
                                      F-11
<PAGE>   35
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 --------------------------------
                                                                   1995       1994*       1993*
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
                                                               (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                              <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenues:
  Williams Interstate Natural Gas Systems (Note 4).............  $1,431.1    $  469.8    $  570.6
  Williams Field Services Group................................     591.8       375.7       432.2
  Williams Energy Services (Note 15)...........................      85.8       263.7       360.8
  Williams Pipe Line...........................................     350.2       310.7       180.5
  WilTel.......................................................     494.9       396.6       302.8
  WilTech Group................................................      44.0        20.0        13.5
  Other........................................................      17.4          --          --
  Intercompany eliminations (Note 16)..........................    (159.5)      (85.4)      (67.0)
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
          Total revenues.......................................   2,855.7     1,751.1     1,793.4
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Profit-center costs and expenses:
  Costs and operating expenses.................................   1,700.7     1,187.7     1,283.9
  Selling, general and administrative expenses.................     488.8       229.2       203.2
  Other income -- net..........................................      (4.5)       (8.1)       (7.8)
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
          Total profit-center costs and expenses...............   2,185.0     1,408.8     1,479.3
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Operating profit (loss):
  Williams Interstate Natural Gas Systems (Note 4).............     389.7       152.9       139.8
  Williams Field Services Group................................     157.6       129.3       126.7
  Williams Energy Services.....................................      30.0          .5         7.9
  Williams Pipe Line...........................................      69.8        52.0        47.2
  WilTel.......................................................      28.3        18.9         9.5
  WilTech Group................................................      (3.3)      (11.3)      (17.0)
  Other........................................................      (1.4)         --          --
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
          Total operating profit...............................     670.7       342.3       314.1
General corporate expenses.....................................     (37.7)      (28.0)      (38.4)
Interest accrued...............................................    (277.9)     (145.8)     (151.2)
Interest capitalized...........................................      14.5         6.0        10.4
Investing income (Note 5)......................................      93.9        49.6        65.2
Gain (loss) on sales of assets (Notes 5 and 6).................     (12.6)       22.7        97.5
Write-off of project costs (Note 6)............................     (41.4)         --          --
Other income (expense) -- net..................................      (8.1)        (.2)         .4
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Income from continuing operations before income taxes..........     401.4       246.6       298.0
Provision for income taxes (Note 7)............................     102.0        81.7       112.6
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Income from continuing operations..............................     299.4       164.9       185.4
Income from discontinued operations (Note 3)...................   1,018.8        94.0        46.4
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Income before extraordinary loss...............................   1,318.2       258.9       231.8
Extraordinary loss (Note 8)....................................        --       (12.2)         --
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Net income.....................................................   1,318.2       246.7       231.8
Preferred stock dividends (Note 14)............................      15.3         8.8        11.8
                                                                 --------    --------    --------
Income applicable to common stock..............................  $1,302.9    $  237.9    $  220.0
                                                                 ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified as described in Note 1.
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-12
<PAGE>   36
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME -- (CONCLUDED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       ------------------------
                                                                        1995     1994     1993
                                                                       -------   -----    -----
<S>                                                                    <C>       <C>      <C>
Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent share
  (Notes 1, 3 and 8):
  Income from continuing operations..................................  $  2.78   $1.52    $1.74
  Income from discontinued operations................................     9.99     .92      .46
                                                                       -------   -----    -----
  Income before extraordinary loss...................................    12.77    2.44     2.20
  Extraordinary loss.................................................       --    (.12)      --
                                                                       -------   -----    -----
  Net income.........................................................  $ 12.77   $2.32    $2.20
                                                                       =======   =====    =====
Fully diluted earnings per common and common-equivalent share
  (Notes 1, 3 and 8):
  Income from continuing operations..................................  $  2.76   $1.52    $1.71
  Income from discontinued operations................................     9.72     .92      .45
                                                                       -------   -----    -----
  Income before extraordinary loss...................................    12.48    2.44     2.16
  Extraordinary loss.................................................       --    (.12)      --
                                                                       -------   -----    -----
  Net income.........................................................  $ 12.48   $2.32    $2.16
                                                                       =======   =====    =====
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-13
<PAGE>   37
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 
                                     ASSETS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ----------------------
                                                                           1995          1994
                                                                         ---------     --------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                                        EXCEPT PER-SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents............................................  $    90.4     $   36.1
  Receivables less allowance of $11.3 ($7.9 in 1994)...................      525.0        443.1
  Transportation and exchange gas receivable...........................      152.3          9.2
  Inventories (Note 10)................................................      189.0        112.3
  Net assets of discontinued operations (Note 3).......................         --        743.6
  Deferred income taxes (Note 7).......................................      213.9         57.1
  Other................................................................      173.2         55.4
                                                                         ---------     --------
          Total current assets.........................................    1,343.8      1,456.8
Investments (Note 5)...................................................      307.6        379.1
Property, plant and equipment -- net (Note 11).........................    8,014.7      3,124.0
Other assets and deferred charges......................................      828.7        266.2
                                                                         ---------     --------
          Total assets.................................................  $10,494.8     $5,226.1
                                                                         =========     ========

                                    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Notes payable (Note 13)..............................................  $      --     $  507.0
  Accounts payable (Note 12)...........................................      472.0        205.8
  Transportation and exchange gas payable..............................      127.8         16.7
  Accrued liabilities (Note 12)........................................    1,130.2        361.4
  Long-term debt due within one year (Note 13).........................      319.9        383.0
                                                                         ---------     --------
          Total current liabilities....................................    2,049.9      1,473.9
Long-term debt (Note 13)...............................................    2,874.0      1,307.8
Deferred income taxes (Note 7).........................................    1,568.2        662.9
Other liabilities......................................................      815.6        276.0
Contingent liabilities and commitments (Note 17)
Stockholders' equity (Note 14):
  Preferred stock, $1 par value, 30,000,000 shares authorized,
     3,739,452 shares issued in 1995 and 4,000,000 shares issued in
     1994..............................................................      173.5        100.0
  Common stock, $1 par value, 240,000,000 shares authorized,
     105,337,948 shares issued in 1995 and 104,401,819 shares issued in
     1994..............................................................      105.3        104.4
  Capital in excess of par value.......................................    1,051.1        991.0
  Retained earnings (Note 13)..........................................    1,915.6        716.5
  Unamortized deferred compensation....................................       (2.3)        (1.3)
                                                                         ---------     --------
                                                                           3,243.2      1,910.6
  Less treasury stock (at cost), 1,573,203 shares of common stock in
     1995 and 13,516,994 shares of common stock in 1994, 401,600 shares
     of preferred stock in 1995 and 258,800 shares of preferred stock
     in 1994...........................................................      (56.1)      (405.1)
                                                                         ---------     --------
          Total stockholders' equity...................................    3,187.1      1,505.5
                                                                         ---------     --------
          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity...................  $10,494.8     $5,226.1
                                                                         =========     ========
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-14
<PAGE>   38
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              CAPITAL
                                                                IN                    UNAMORTIZED
                                      PREFERRED    COMMON    EXCESS OF    RETAINED      DEFERRED      TREASURY
                                        STOCK      STOCK     PAR VALUE    EARNINGS    COMPENSATION     STOCK       TOTAL
                                      ---------    ------    ---------    --------    ------------    --------    -------
                                                                          (MILLIONS)
<S>                                   <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>             <C>         <C>
Balance, December 31, 1992...........  $  250.0   $ 92.3     $   755.4    $  421.3       $  (.7)      $     --   $1,518.3
Net income -- 1993...................        --       --            --       231.8           --             --      231.8
Cash dividends --
  Common stock ($.78 per share)......        --       --            --       (77.6)          --             --      (77.6)
  Preferred stock (Note 14)..........        --       --            --       (11.8)          --             --      (11.8)
Issuance of shares -- 3,174,439
  common.............................        --      3.2          55.2          --         (1.7)            --       56.7
Conversion of preferred stock (Note
  14)................................    (150.0)     7.6         141.8          --           --             --        (.6)
Tax benefit of non-qualified stock
  option exercises...................        --       --           6.7          --           --             --        6.7
Amortization of deferred
  compensation.......................        --       --            --          --           .5             --         .5
                                       --------   ------     ---------    --------       ------       --------   --------
Balance, December 31, 1993...........     100.0    103.1         959.1       563.7         (1.9)            --    1,724.0
Net income -- 1994...................        --       --            --       246.7           --             --      246.7
Cash dividends --
  Common stock ($.84 per share)......        --       --            --       (85.1)          --             --      (85.1)
  Preferred stock (Note 14)..........        --       --            --        (8.8)          --             --       (8.8)
Issuance of shares -- 1,596,409
  common.............................        --      1.3          30.1          --         (1.3)           8.1       38.2
Purchase of treasury stock --
  Common 13,790,089..................        --       --            --          --           --         (406.8)    (406.8)
  Preferred 258,800..................        --       --            --          --           --           (6.4)      (6.4)
Tax benefit of non-qualified stock
  option exercises...................        --       --           1.8          --           --             --        1.8
Amortization of deferred
  compensation.......................        --       --            --          --          1.9             --        1.9
                                       --------   ------     ---------    --------       ------       --------   --------
Balance, December 31, 1994...........     100.0    104.4         991.0       716.5         (1.3)        (405.1)   1,505.5
Net income -- 1995...................        --       --            --     1,318.2           --             --    1,318.2
Cash dividends --
  Common stock ($1.08 per share).....        --       --            --      (107.2)          --             --     (107.2)
  Preferred stock (Note 14)..........        --       --            --       (11.9)          --             --      (11.9)
Issuance of shares --
  12,879,920 common..................        --       .9          58.8          --         (1.7)         352.7      410.7
  2,500,000 preferred................     142.5       --            --          --           --             --      142.5
Exchange of shares for debentures --
  2,760,548 preferred (Note 14)......     (69.0)      --          (3.5)         --           --             --      (72.5)
Purchase of treasury stock --
  142,800 preferred..................        --       --            --          --           --           (3.7)      (3.7)
Tax benefit of non-qualified stock
  option exercises...................        --       --           4.8          --           --             --        4.8
Amortization of deferred
  compensation.......................        --       --            --          --           .7             --         .7
                                       --------   ------     ---------    --------       ------       --------   --------
Balance, December 31, 1995...........  $  173.5   $105.3     $ 1,051.1    $1,915.6       $ (2.3)      $  (56.1)  $3,187.1
                                       ========   ======     =========    ========       ======       ========   ========
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-15
<PAGE>   39
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 -------------------------------
                                                                   1995        1994       1993
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
                                                                           (MILLIONS)
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>        <C>
Operating Activities:
  Net income...................................................  $ 1,318.2    $ 246.7    $ 231.8
  Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided from operations:
     Discontinued operations...................................   (1,018.8)     (94.0)     (46.4)
     Extraordinary loss........................................         --       12.2         --
     Depreciation and depletion................................      369.4      150.3      137.8
     Provision for deferred income taxes.......................      125.4       25.8        8.1
     Write-off of project costs................................       41.4         --         --
     (Gain) loss on sales of property, plant and equipment.....       (2.1)        .9     (102.0)
     (Gain) loss on sale of investments........................       12.6      (22.7)        --
     Changes in receivables sold...............................       55.9         --      (94.7)
     Changes in receivables....................................       33.2     (175.0)      99.9
     Changes in inventories....................................       11.9       10.2        (.8)
     Changes in other current assets...........................      (10.2)      (2.8)     (16.9)
     Changes in accounts payable...............................       (6.5)      20.7      (37.6)
     Changes in accrued liabilities............................       (3.3)       8.1      (43.2)
     Net change in non-current unrealized trading assets and
       liabilities.............................................      (72.9)      (2.4)        --
     Other, including changes in non-current assets and
       liabilities.............................................      (25.5)       1.6*      50.9
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
          Net cash provided by continuing operations...........      828.7      179.6      186.9
          Net cash provided by discontinued operations.........         --      169.4*     162.6
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
          Net cash provided by operating activities............      828.7      349.0      349.5
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
Financing Activities:
  Proceeds from notes payable..................................      116.8      507.0         --
  Payments of notes payable....................................     (623.8)        --         --
  Proceeds from long-term debt.................................      399.0      480.0         --
  Payments of long-term debt...................................   (1,009.4)    (456.5)    (192.2)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock.......................       78.1       26.4       63.4
  Purchases of treasury stock..................................       (3.7)    (413.2)        --
  Dividends paid...............................................     (119.1)     (93.9)     (89.4)
  Subsidiary preferred stock redemptions.......................     (193.7)        --       (1.9)
  Other -- net.................................................       (3.5)        --        (.2)
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
          Net cash provided (used) by financing activities.....   (1,359.3)      49.8*    (220.3)
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
Investing Activities:
  Property, plant and equipment:
     Capital expenditures:
       Continuing operations...................................     (827.5)    (325.5)    (428.3)
       Discontinued operations.................................         --     (142.8)    (100.8)
     Proceeds from sales.......................................       28.2        1.6      295.4
     Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.......       (5.2)      19.1      (48.4)
  Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired..............     (858.9)     (56.5)        --
  Proceeds from sales of businesses............................    2,588.3         --         --
  Income tax and other payments related to discontinued
     operations................................................     (350.4)      (1.5)      (1.9)
  Proceeds from sales of investments...........................      125.1       80.6        8.8
  Purchase of investments......................................      (49.7)      (3.3)        --
  Purchase of note receivable..................................      (75.1)        --         --
  Other -- net.................................................       10.1        1.3       (2.0)
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
          Net cash provided (used) by investing activities.....      584.9     (427.0)    (277.2)
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
          Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents.....       54.3      (28.2)    (148.0)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year.................       36.1       64.3      212.3
                                                                 ---------    -------    -------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.......................  $    90.4    $  36.1    $  64.3
                                                                 =========    =======    =======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified to conform to current classification.
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-16
<PAGE>   40
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
NOTE 1 -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
  Nature of operations
 
     The Williams Companies, Inc. (Williams) operations are located in the
United States and consist primarily of the following: five interstate natural
gas pipelines located in the eastern, midsouth, Gulf Coast, midwest and
northwest regions; natural gas gathering and processing facilities in the rocky
mountain, midwest and Gulf Coast regions; energy trading throughout the United
States; petroleum products pipeline in the midwest region; and national data,
voice and video communication products and services. Additional information
about these businesses is contained throughout the following notes.
 
  Basis of presentation
 
     Revenues and operating profit amounts include the operating results of
Transco Energy Company (Transco Energy) since its January 18, 1995, acquisition
by Williams (see Note 2). The transportation operations from Transco Energy's
two interstate natural gas pipelines are reported separately within Williams
Interstate Natural Gas Systems (see Note 4). Transco Energy's gas gathering
operations are included as part of Williams Field Services Group, and Transco
Energy's gas marketing operations are included in Williams Energy Services.
 
     Revenues and operating profit amounts for 1994 and 1993 have been
reclassified to conform to current year classifications. Commodity price-risk
management and trading operations and energy-related information services
operations are included in Williams Energy Services. Liquid fuels operations are
reported as part of Williams Pipe Line and continue with the Williams Energy
Ventures name. In addition, certain natural gas marketing operations formerly
reported as part of Williams Field Services Group are included in Williams
Energy Services. The WilTech Group, which owns a national fiber-optic network,
was previously reported in other revenues and operating profit.
 
  Principles of consolidation
 
     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Williams and
its majority-owned subsidiaries. Companies in which Williams and its
subsidiaries own 20 percent to 50 percent of the voting common stock, or
otherwise exercise sufficient influence over operating and financial policies of
the company, are accounted for under the equity method.
 
  Use of estimates
 
     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.
 
  Cash and cash equivalents
 
     Cash and cash equivalents include demand and time deposits, certificates of
deposit and other marketable securities with maturities of three months or less
when acquired.
 
  Transportation and exchange gas imbalances
 
     In the course of providing transportation services to customers, the
natural gas pipelines may receive different quantities of gas from shippers than
the quantities delivered on behalf of those shippers. Additionally, the
pipelines and other Williams subsidiaries transport gas on various pipeline
systems which may deliver different quantities of gas on their behalf than the
quantities of gas received. These transactions result in gas transportation and
exchange imbalance receivables and payables which are recovered or repaid in
cash or
 
                                      F-17
<PAGE>   41
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
through the receipt or delivery of gas in the future. Settlement of imbalances
requires agreement between the pipelines and shippers as to allocations of
volumes to specific transportation contracts and timing of delivery of gas based
on operational conditions. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line's imbalances predating
August 1, 1991, are being recovered or repaid in cash or through the receipt or
delivery of gas upon agreements of allocation.
 
  Inventory valuation
 
     Inventories are stated at cost, which is not in excess of market, except
for those held by Williams Energy Services which are stated at market.
Inventories of natural gas are determined using the last-in, first-out (LIFO)
method by Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and the average-cost method by other
subsidiaries. Except for Williams Energy Services, inventories of petroleum
products are determined using average cost. The cost of materials and supplies
inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out method (FIFO) by WilTel
and principally using the average-cost method by other subsidiaries.
 
  Property, plant and equipment
 
     Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Depreciation is provided
primarily on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. Gains or
losses from the ordinary sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment for
regulated pipeline subsidiaries are credited or charged to accumulated
depreciation; other gains or losses are recorded in net income.
 
  Treasury stock
 
     Treasury stock purchases are accounted for under the cost method whereby
the entire cost of the acquired stock is recorded as treasury stock. Gains and
losses on the subsequent reissuance of shares are credited or charged to capital
in excess of par value using the average-cost method.
 
  Revenue recognition
 
     Revenues generally are recorded when services have been performed or
products have been delivered. Williams Pipe Line bills customers when products
are shipped and defers the estimated revenues for shipments in transit. Williams
interstate natural gas pipelines recognize revenues based upon contractual terms
and the related transportation volumes through month-end. These pipelines are
subject to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) regulations and,
accordingly, certain revenues are subject to possible refunds pending final FERC
orders. Williams records rate refund accruals based on management's estimate of
the expected outcome of these proceedings.
 
  Commodity price-risk management activities
 
     Williams Energy Services enters into energy-related financial instruments
(forward contracts, futures contracts, option contracts and swap agreements) to
provide price-risk management services to its third-party customers. This
subsidiary also enters into short- and long-term energy-related purchase and
sale commitments as part of its trading business. All of these investments and
commitments are valued at market and are recorded in other current assets, other
assets and deferred charges, accrued liabilities and other liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. The resulting change in unrealized market gains and
losses is recognized in income currently and is recorded as revenues in the
Consolidated Statement of Income. Such market values are subject to change in
the near term and reflect management's best estimate of market prices
considering various factors including closing exchange and over-the-counter
quotations, the terms of the contract, credit considerations, time value and
volatility factors underlying the positions.
 
     Williams Energy Services reports sales of natural gas, refined products and
crude oil net of the related costs to purchase such items, consistent with
mark-to-market accounting for such trading activities.
 
                                      F-18
<PAGE>   42
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     Other Williams operations enter into energy-related financial instruments
(primarily futures contracts, option contracts and swap agreements) to hedge
against market price fluctuations of certain commodity inventories and sales and
purchase commitments. Unrealized and realized gains and losses on these hedge
contracts are deferred and recognized in income when the related hedged item is
recognized. These contracts are evaluated to determine that there is a high
correlation between changes in the market value of the hedge contract and fair
value of the hedged item.
 
  Capitalization of interest
 
     Williams capitalizes interest on major projects during construction.
Interest is capitalized on borrowed funds and, where regulation by the FERC
exists, on internally generated funds. The rates used by regulated companies are
calculated in accordance with FERC rules. Rates used by unregulated companies
approximate the average interest rate on related debt. Interest capitalized on
internally generated funds is included in other income (expense) -- net.
 
  Income taxes
 
     Williams includes the operations of its subsidiaries in its consolidated
federal income tax return. Deferred income taxes are computed using the
liability method and are provided on all temporary differences between the
financial basis and the tax basis of Williams' assets and liabilities.
 
  Earnings per share
 
     Primary earnings per share are based on the sum of the average number of
common shares outstanding and common-share equivalents resulting from stock
options and deferred shares. Fully diluted earnings per share for 1995 assumes
conversion of the $3.50 convertible preferred stock into common stock effective
May 1, 1995. Shares used in determination of primary earnings per share are as
follows (in thousands): 1995 -- 102,046; 1994 -- 102,470; and 1993 -- 99,911.
Shares used in determination of fully diluted earnings per share are as follows
(in thousands): 1995 -- 104,853; 1994 -- 102,502; and 1993 -- 103,171.
 
NOTE 2 -- TRANSCO ENERGY ACQUISITION
 
     On January 18, 1995, Williams acquired 60 percent of Transco Energy's
outstanding common stock in a cash tender offer for $430.5 million. Williams
acquired the remaining 40 percent of Transco Energy's outstanding common stock
on May 1, 1995, through a merger by exchanging the remaining Transco Energy
common stock for approximately 10.4 million shares of Williams common stock
valued at $334 million. The acquisition is accounted for as a purchase with 60
percent of Transco Energy's results of operations included in Williams'
Consolidated Statement of Income for the period January 18, 1995, through April
30, 1995, and 100 percent included beginning May 1, 1995. The purchase price,
including transaction fees and other related costs, is approximately $800
million, excluding $2.3 billion in preferred stock and debt obligations of
Transco Energy. The acquired assets and liabilities have been recorded based on
an allocation of the purchase price with substantially all of the cost in excess
of Transco Energy's historical carrying amounts allocated to property, plant and
equipment of the two interstate natural gas pipeline systems. The cash portion
of the acquisition was financed with the proceeds from the sale of Williams'
network services operations (see Note 3).
 
     Transco Energy was engaged primarily in the natural gas pipeline and
natural gas marketing businesses. Williams has sold substantially all of Transco
Energy's coal operations, coalbed methane properties and certain pipeline and
gathering operations. Results of operations and changes in the carrying amount
of these businesses during the holding period and from the ultimate dispositions
are reflected in the purchase price and are not material.
 
                                      F-19
<PAGE>   43
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     In connection with the acquisition, Williams made payments to retire and/or
terminate approximately $700 million of Transco Energy borrowings, preferred
stock, interest-rate swaps and sale of receivable facilities. As a part of the
merger, Williams exchanged Transco Energy's $3.50 preferred stock for Williams'
$3.50 preferred stock.
 
     The following unaudited pro forma information combines the results of
operations of Williams and Transco Energy as if the purchase of 100 percent of
Transco Energy occurred January 1, 1994.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           UNAUDITED
                                                                      --------------------
                                                                        1995        1994
                                                                      --------    --------
                                                                       (MILLIONS, EXCEPT
                                                                      PER-SHARE AMOUNTS)
    <S>                                                               <C>         <C>
    Revenues........................................................  $2,916.4    $2,660.3
    Income from continuing operations...............................     314.4       191.0
    Income before extraordinary loss................................   1,333.2       285.0
    Net income......................................................   1,333.2       272.8
    Primary earnings per share:
      Income from continuing operations.............................      2.93        1.77
      Income before extraordinary loss..............................     12.92        2.69
      Net income....................................................     12.92        2.57
    Fully diluted earnings per share:
      Income from continuing operations.............................      2.90        1.77
      Income before extraordinary loss..............................     12.62        2.69
      Net income....................................................     12.62        2.57
</TABLE>
 
     Pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of results of
operations that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on January
1, 1994, or of future results of operations of the combined companies.
 
NOTE 3 -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 
     On January 5, 1995, Williams sold its network services operations to LDDS
Communications, Inc. (LDDS) for $2.5 billion in cash. The sale yielded a gain of
$1 billion (net of income taxes of approximately $732 million) which is reported
as income from discontinued operations. Prior period operating results for the
network services operations are reported as discontinued operations. Under the
terms of the agreement, Williams retained Williams Telecommunications Systems,
Inc. (WilTel), a national telecommunications equipment supplier and service
company, and Vyvx, Inc. (included in WilTech Group), which operates a national
video network specializing in broadcast television applications.
 
     Summarized operating results of discontinued operations are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1994      1993
                                                                           ------    ------
                                                                              (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                    <C>       <C>
    Revenues............................................................   $921.8    $663.8
    Operating profit....................................................    163.1      97.0
    Provision for income taxes..........................................     60.9      32.2
    Income from discontinued operations.................................     94.0      46.4
</TABLE>
 
     The assets and liabilities that were transferred to LDDS in the sale of the
network services operations are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet on a
net basis at December 31, 1994. Net assets consist of current assets ($86.5
million), net property, plant and equipment ($797.8 million), other assets and
deferred charges ($144.3 million), less current liabilities ($218.3 million) and
other liabilities ($66.7 million).
 
                                      F-20
<PAGE>   44
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
NOTE 4 -- WILLIAMS INTERSTATE NATURAL GAS SYSTEMS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   REVENUES                   OPERATING PROFIT
                                         ----------------------------    --------------------------
                                           1995       1994      1993      1995      1994      1993
                                         --------    ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
                                                                 (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                  <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
    Northwest Pipeline................   $  255.2    $238.5    $276.5    $115.7    $104.1    $ 98.8
    Williams Natural Gas..............      174.3     231.3     294.1      45.0      48.8      41.0
    Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line....      725.3        --        --     165.0        --        --
    Texas Gas Transmission............      276.3        --        --      64.0        --        --
                                         --------    ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
                                         $1,431.1    $469.8    $570.6    $389.7    $152.9    $139.8
                                         ========    ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 5 -- INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1995      1994
                                                                           ------    ------
                                                                              (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                    <C>       <C>
    Investments:
      Kern River Gas Transmission Company, at equity (50%)..............   $178.6    $179.4
      Texasgulf Inc. (15%)..............................................       --     150.0
      Other, at equity (varying ownerships from 3.2% to 50%)............     84.2      49.7
      Other, at cost....................................................     44.8        --
                                                                           ------    ------
                                                                           $307.6    $379.1
                                                                           ======    ======
</TABLE>
 
     At December 31, 1995, certain equity investments, with a carrying value of
$30.8 million, have a market value of $81.5 million.
 
     In 1995, Williams sold its 15 percent interest in Texasgulf Inc. for
approximately $124 million in cash, which resulted in an after-tax gain of
approximately $16 million because of previously unrecognized tax benefits
included in the provision for income taxes.
 
     Subsequent to December 31, 1995, Williams acquired the remaining interest
in Kern River Gas Transmission Company for $205 million in cash. The acquisition
will be accounted for as a purchase in 1996, and the excess purchase price will
be allocated to property, plant and equipment.
 
     Summarized financial position and results of operations for Kern River Gas
Transmission Company are presented below.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              1995        1994        1993
                                                             -------    --------    --------
                                                                       (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                      <C>        <C>         <C>
    Current assets.........................................  $  55.4    $   98.3    $   80.1
    Non-current assets, principally natural gas
      transmission plant...................................    994.5     1,026.3     1,028.7
    Current liabilities....................................    (47.3)      (86.9)      (62.1)
    Long-term debt.........................................   (620.5)     (643.2)     (662.9)
    Other non-current liabilities..........................   (124.1)     (109.5)      (66.9)
                                                             -------    --------    --------
    Partners' equity.......................................  $ 258.0    $  285.0    $  316.9
                                                             =======    ========    ========
    Revenues...............................................  $ 187.0    $  179.0    $  176.8
    Costs and expenses.....................................     65.7        54.9        48.7
    Net income.............................................     38.0        38.1        42.1
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-21
<PAGE>   45
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     Investing income from continuing operations:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    1995     1994     1993
                                                                    -----    -----    -----
                                                                          (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                             <C>      <C>      <C>
    Interest......................................................  $37.2    $ 5.5    $10.0
    Dividends.....................................................   16.1      4.5      5.6
    Equity earnings...............................................   40.6     39.6     49.6
                                                                    -----    -----    -----
                                                                    $93.9    $49.6    $65.2
                                                                    =====    =====    =====
</TABLE>
 
     Dividends and distributions received from companies carried on an equity
basis were $44 million in 1995; $43 million in 1994; and $39 million in 1993.
 
NOTE 6 -- ASSET SALES AND WRITE-OFF OF PROJECT COSTS
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1995, the development of a commercial coal
gasification venture in south-central Wyoming was canceled, resulting in a $41.4
million pre-tax charge. This amount includes what management believes to be a
reasonable estimate of future costs of $4 million to reclaim the site, of which
it is expected that 60 percent to 70 percent will be incurred during 1996 and
the remainder over a five-year period. Williams will perform the reclamation of
the site in coordination with various governmental agencies and expects to
receive necessary environmental releases and approvals upon completion of the
reclamation.
 
     In 1994, Williams sold 3,461,500 limited partner common units in Northern
Border Partners, L.P. Net proceeds from the sale were approximately $80 million
and the sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $22.7 million. As a result of the
sale, Williams' original 12.25 percent interest in Northern Border partnerships
has been reduced to 3.2 percent.
 
     In a 1993 public offering, Williams sold 6.1 million units in the Williams
Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust (Trust), which resulted in net proceeds of $113
million and a pre-tax gain of $51.6 million. The Trust owns defined net profits
interests in the developed coal-seam properties in the San Juan Basin of New
Mexico and Colorado, which were conveyed to the Trust by Williams Production
Company. Ownership of an additional 3.6 million units remains with Williams.
 
     In March 1993, Williams sold its intrastate natural gas pipeline system and
other related assets in Louisiana for $170 million in cash, resulting in a
pre-tax gain of $45.9 million.
 
NOTE 7 -- PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
 
     The provision (credit) for income taxes from continuing operations
includes:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1995      1994       1993
                                                                ------     -----     ------
                                                                        (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                         <C>        <C>       <C>
    Current:
      Federal.................................................  $(26.5)    $45.8     $ 84.1
      State...................................................     3.1      10.1       20.4
                                                                ------     -----     ------
                                                                 (23.4)     55.9      104.5
                                                                ------     -----     ------
    Deferred:
      Federal.................................................   114.2      23.7       15.8
      State...................................................    11.2       2.1       (7.7)
                                                                ------     -----     ------
                                                                 125.4      25.8        8.1
                                                                ------     -----     ------
    Total provision...........................................  $102.0     $81.7     $112.6
                                                                ======     =====     ======
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-22
<PAGE>   46
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     Reconciliations from the provision for income taxes attributable to
continuing operations at the statutory rate to the provision for income taxes
are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1995      1994      1993
                                                                 ------    ------    ------
                                                                         (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                          <C>       <C>       <C>
    Provision at statutory rate................................  $140.5    $ 86.3    $104.3
    Increases (reductions) in taxes resulting from:
      Increase in statutory tax rate on beginning of year
         deferred tax balances.................................      --        --      15.8
      State income taxes.......................................    13.5       8.0       8.2
      Coal-seam tax credits....................................   (18.7)    (14.9)    (12.8)
      Decrease in valuation allowance for deferred tax
         assets................................................   (29.8)       --        --
      Reversal of prior tax accruals...........................    (8.0)       --        --
      Other -- net.............................................     4.5       2.3      (2.9)
                                                                 ------    ------    ------
    Provision for income taxes.................................  $102.0    $ 81.7    $112.6
                                                                 ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>
 
     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
 
     Significant components of deferred tax liabilities and assets as of
December 31 are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1995       1994*
                                                                       --------    -------
                                                                           (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                <C>         <C>
    Deferred tax liabilities:
      Property, plant and equipment..................................  $1,669.2    $ 704.6
      Investments....................................................      96.9       81.9
      Other..........................................................     248.1       74.7
                                                                       --------    -------
              Total deferred tax liabilities.........................   2,014.2      861.2
    Deferred tax assets:
      Deferred revenues..............................................      23.5       40.0
      Investments....................................................      31.3       55.9
      Rate refunds...................................................      70.7       32.0
      Accrued liabilities............................................     226.4       64.2
      Minimum tax credits............................................      93.9         --
      Other..........................................................     220.5       93.1
                                                                       --------    -------
              Total deferred tax assets..............................     666.3      285.2
              Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets............       6.4       29.8
                                                                       --------    -------
              Net deferred tax assets................................     659.9      255.4
                                                                       --------    -------
    Net deferred tax liabilities.....................................  $1,354.3    $ 605.8
                                                                       ========    =======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified to conform to current classification.
 
     The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets decreased $23.4 million and
$1.7 million during 1995 and 1994, respectively.
 
     Cash payments for income taxes are as follows: 1995 -- $348 million, before
refunds of $9 million; 1994 -- $113 million, before refunds of $6 million; and
1993 -- $129 million.
 
                                      F-23
<PAGE>   47
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
NOTE 8 -- EXTRAORDINARY LOSS
 
     The extraordinary loss in 1994 resulted from early extinguishment of debt.
Williams and one of its subsidiaries paid $316.7 million to redeem higher
interest rate debt for a $12.2 million net loss (net of a $7.7 million benefit
for income taxes).
 
NOTE 9 -- EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
 
  Pensions
 
     Williams maintains non-contributory defined-benefit pension plans covering
the majority of employees. Benefits are based on years of service and average
final compensation. Pension costs are funded to satisfy minimum requirements
prescribed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
 
     Net pension expense consists of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1995       1994      1993
                                                                -------    ------    ------
                                                                        (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                         <C>        <C>       <C>
    Service cost for benefits earned during the year..........  $  19.5    $ 13.9    $ 10.9
    Interest cost on projected benefit obligation.............     40.1      21.8      21.1
    Actual return on plan assets..............................   (120.3)      3.1     (28.3)
    Amortization and deferrals................................     82.0     (24.2)      8.2
    Settlement loss...........................................       --        --       5.7
                                                                -------    ------    ------
    Net pension expense.......................................  $  21.3    $ 14.6    $ 17.6
                                                                =======    ======    ======
    Net pension expense:
      Continuing operations...................................  $  21.3    $ 10.0    $ 14.9
      Discontinued operations.................................       --       4.6       2.7
                                                                -------    ------    ------
                                                                $  21.3    $ 14.6    $ 17.6
                                                                =======    ======    ======
</TABLE>
 
     Included in net pension expense at December 31, 1995, is approximately $8.9
million for the Transco Energy plans' participants.
 
     During 1993, certain supplemental retirement plan participants elected to
receive lump-sum benefits, which resulted in a settlement loss of $5.7 million.
 
     The following table presents the funded status of the plans:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1995     1994
                                                                            ----     ----
                                                                             (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                     <C>      <C>
    Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
      Vested benefits.....................................................  $422     $191
      Non-vested benefits.................................................    21       10
                                                                            ----     ----
      Accumulated benefit obligations.....................................   443      201
      Effect of projected salary increases................................   137       58
                                                                            ----     ----
      Projected benefit obligations.......................................   580      259
    Assets at market value................................................   550      251
                                                                            ----     ----
    Assets less than projected benefit obligations........................    30        8
    Unrecognized net loss.................................................    --      (12)
    Unrecognized prior-service cost.......................................   (11)     (10)
    Unrecognized transition asset.........................................     4        5
                                                                            ----     ----
    Pension liability (asset).............................................  $ 23     $ (9)
                                                                            ====     ====
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-24
<PAGE>   48
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     At December 31, 1995, assets of two pension plans exceeded the projected
benefit obligations with assets at market value of $103 million and projected
benefit obligations of $57 million. At December 31, 1994, assets of two other
pension plans exceeded the projected benefit obligations with assets at market
value of $238 million and projected benefit obligations of $233 million.
 
     Included in the net pension liability at December 31, 1995, is
approximately $32 million for the participants of the Transco Energy plans.
 
     Williams has retained all liabilities and obligations of its network
services operations' plan participants up to the date of sale (see Note 3).
 
     The discount rate used to measure the present value of benefit obligations
is 7 1/4 percent (8 1/2 percent in 1994); the assumed rate of increase in future
compensation levels is 5 percent; and the expected long-term rate of return on
assets is 10 percent. Plan assets consist primarily of commingled funds and
assets held in a master trust. The master trust is comprised primarily of
domestic and foreign common and preferred stocks, corporate bonds, United States
government securities and commercial paper.
 
  Postretirement benefits other than pensions
 
     Williams sponsors health care plans that provide postretirement medical
benefits to retired Williams' employees who were employed full time, hired prior
to January 1, 1992 (January 1, 1996 for Transco Energy employees), have worked
five years, attained age 55 while in service and are a participant in the
company pension plans. In addition, two Transco Energy plans provide certain
health care and life insurance benefits to retired employees of Transcontinental
Gas Pipe Line, Texas Gas and other subsidiaries of Transco Energy.
 
     The plans provide for retiree contributions and contain other cost-sharing
features such as deductibles and coinsurance. The accounting for the plans
anticipates future cost-sharing changes to the written plans that are consistent
with Williams' expressed intent to increase the retiree contribution rate
annually, generally in line with health care cost increases, except for certain
retirees whose premiums are fixed. A portion of the cost has been funded in
trusts by Williams' FERC-regulated natural gas pipeline subsidiaries to the
extent recovery from customers can be achieved. Plan assets consist of assets
held in two master trusts and money market funds. One of the master trusts was
previously described and the other consists primarily of domestic and foreign
common stocks, commercial paper and government bonds.
 
     Net postretirement benefit expense consists of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    1995     1994     1993
                                                                   ------    -----    -----
                                                                          (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                            <C>       <C>      <C>
    Service cost for benefits earned during the year.............  $  7.4    $ 3.9    $ 3.7
    Interest cost on accumulated postretirement benefit
      obligation.................................................    23.9      7.8      8.2
    Actual return on plan assets.................................   (17.9)     (.6)     (.7)
    Amortization of unrecognized transition obligation...........     5.0      5.1      5.2
    Amortization and deferrals...................................    23.1       .1     (3.5)
                                                                   ------    -----    -----
    Net postretirement benefit expense...........................  $ 41.5    $16.3    $12.9
                                                                   ======    =====    =====
    Net postretirement benefit expense:
      Continuing operations......................................  $ 41.5    $14.7    $11.4
      Discontinued operations....................................      --      1.6      1.5
                                                                   ------    -----    -----
                                                                   $ 41.5    $16.3    $12.9
                                                                   ======    =====    =====
</TABLE>
 
     Net postretirement benefit expense at December 31, 1995, includes
approximately $26 million for the Transco Energy plans' participants.
 
                                      F-25
<PAGE>   49
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     The following table presents the funded status of the plans:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1995     1994
                                                                            ----     ----
                                                                             (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                     <C>      <C>
    Actuarial present value of postretirement benefit obligation:
      Retirees............................................................  $227     $ 55
      Fully eligible active plan participants.............................    24       11
      Other active plan participants......................................    85       34
                                                                            ----     ----
      Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.......................   336      100
    Assets at market value................................................   124       16
                                                                            ----     ----
    Assets less than accumulated postretirement benefit obligation........   212       84
    Unrecognized net gain.................................................    25       19
    Unrecognized prior-service cost.......................................    (6)      --
    Unrecognized transition obligation....................................   (71)     (78)
                                                                            ----     ----
    Postretirement benefit liability......................................  $160     $ 25
                                                                            ====     ====
</TABLE>
 
     Included in the postretirement benefit liability at December 31, 1995, is
approximately $139 million for the Transco Energy plans' participants,
substantially all of which is classified as non-current. The amount of
postretirement benefit costs deferred as a regulatory asset at December 31,
1995, is $133 million and is expected to be recovered through rates over the
next 17 years.
 
     The discount rate used to measure the present value of benefit obligations
is 7 1/4 percent (8 1/2 percent in 1994). The expected long-term rate of return
on plan assets is 10 percent (6 percent after taxes). The annual assumed rate of
increase in the health care cost trend rate for 1996 is 10 to 13 percent,
systematically decreasing to 5 percent by 2006. The health care cost trend rate
assumption has a significant effect on the amounts reported. Increasing the
assumed health care cost trend rate by 1 percent in each year would increase the
aggregate of the service and interest cost components of postretirement benefit
expense for the year ended December 31, 1995, by $5 million and the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1995, by $50 million.
 
  Other
 
     Williams maintains various defined-contribution plans covering
substantially all employees. Company contributions are based on employees'
compensation and, in part, match employee contributions. Company contributions
are invested primarily in Williams common stock. Williams' contributions to
these plans were $19 million in 1995, $14 million in 1994 and $13 million in
1993. Contributions to these plans made by discontinued operations were $3
million in both 1994 and 1993.
 
     Effective January 1, 1994, Williams adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits," which requires the accrual of benefits provided to former or inactive
employees after employment but before retirement. Adoption of the standard
reduced 1994 net income by approximately $2 million and is not reported as a
change in accounting principle due to immateriality.
 
                                      F-26
<PAGE>   50
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
NOTE 10 -- INVENTORIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995       1994
                                                                         ------     ------
                                                                            (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                  <C>        <C>
    Natural gas in underground storage:
      Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line (LIFO)............................  $ 21.4     $   --
      Williams Energy Services.........................................     6.0        8.7
      Other............................................................     2.2        9.9
    Petroleum products:
      Williams Energy Services.........................................    12.8       13.5
      Other............................................................    27.4       19.2
    Materials and supplies:
      WilTel...........................................................    28.2       28.6
      Other............................................................    87.8       32.4
    Other..............................................................     3.2         --
                                                                         ------     ------
                                                                         $189.0     $112.3
                                                                         ======     ======
</TABLE>
 
     Inventories valued on the LIFO method at December 31, 1995, approximate
current average cost.
 
NOTE 11 -- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       1995         1994
                                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                                           (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                              <C>          <C>
    Cost:
      Northwest Pipeline...........................................  $ 1,403.5    $ 1,275.4
      Williams Natural Gas.........................................      761.6        745.0
      Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line...............................    2,756.7           --
      Texas Gas Transmission.......................................      917.3           --
      Williams Field Services Group................................    2,324.9      1,273.2
      Williams Pipe Line...........................................    1,023.3        809.6
      WilTel.......................................................       55.2         32.1
      WilTech Group................................................       90.7         69.5
      Other........................................................      145.5        106.3
                                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                                       9,478.7      4,311.1
    Accumulated depreciation.......................................   (1,464.0)    (1,187.1)
                                                                     ---------    ---------
                                                                     $ 8,014.7    $ 3,124.0
                                                                     =========    =========
</TABLE>
 
     Commitments for construction and acquisition of property, plant and
equipment are approximately $256 million at December 31, 1995.
 
     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued a new accounting
standard, FAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and
for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of," effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 1995. The standard, which will be adopted in the first
quarter of 1996, is not expected to have a material effect on Williams'
financial position or results of operations.
 
                                      F-27
<PAGE>   51
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
NOTE 12 -- ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES
 
     Under Williams' cash-management system, certain subsidiaries' cash accounts
reflect credit balances to the extent checks written have not been presented for
payment. The amounts of these credit balances included in accounts payable are
$136 million at December 31, 1995, and $41 million at December 31, 1994.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995       1994
                                                                        --------    ------
                                                                            (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                                 <C>         <C>
    Accrued liabilities:
      Income taxes payable............................................  $  371.6    $ 38.0
      Rate refunds....................................................     180.6      83.8
      Employee costs..................................................     135.9      51.7
      Interest........................................................      72.9      39.9
      Taxes other than income taxes...................................      51.2      41.8
      Other...........................................................     318.0     106.2
                                                                        --------    ------
                                                                        $1,130.2    $361.4
                                                                        ========    ======
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 13 -- DEBT, LEASES AND BANKING ARRANGEMENTS
 
  Notes payable
 
     During 1994, a subsidiary of Williams entered into a $400 million
short-term credit agreement to finance the acquisition of Williams common stock.
Notes payable totaling $398 million were outstanding under this agreement at
December 31, 1994. These notes were repaid in January 1995. The weighted average
interest rate on the outstanding short-term borrowings at December 31, 1994, was
6.75 percent.
 
                                      F-28
<PAGE>   52
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
  Debt
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                WEIGHTED
                                                                AVERAGE
                                                             INTEREST RATE*    1995        1994
                                                             --------------  --------    --------
                                                                                  (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                      <C>             <C>         <C>
    The Williams Companies, Inc.
      Revolving credit loans................................       6.2%      $   50.0    $  350.0
      Debentures, 8.875% -- 10.25%, payable 2012, 2020, 2021
         and 2025...........................................       9.6          587.7       379.7
      Notes, 7.5% -- 9.625%, payable through 2001...........       8.8          842.4       363.8
      Capital lease obligations, 11.1%......................        --             --        31.0
    Northwest Pipeline
      Debentures, 7.125% -- 10.65%, payable through 2025....       9.0          369.2       293.0
      Adjustable rate notes, payable through 2002...........       9.0           11.7        13.3
    Williams Natural Gas
      Variable rate notes, payable 1999.....................       6.3          130.0       130.0
    Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line
      Debentures, 9.125%, payable 1998 through 2017.........       9.1          153.0          --
      Notes, 8.125% -- 9%, payable 1996, 1997 and 2002......       8.7          381.1          --
      Adjustable rate notes, payable 2000 (subject to
         remarketing in 1996)...............................       6.2          125.1          --
    Texas Gas Transmission
      Notes, 9.625% and 8.625%, payable 1997 and 2004.......       9.0          255.9          --
    Williams Holdings of Delaware
      Revolving credit loans................................       6.3          150.0          --
    Williams Pipe Line
      Notes, 8.95% and 9.78%, payable through 2001..........       9.3          110.0       120.0
    Williams Energy Ventures
      Adjustable rate notes, payable 1996 through 2002......       8.3           21.0          --
    Other, payable through 1999.............................       8.0            6.8        10.0
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                              3,193.9     1,690.8
    Current portion of long-term debt.......................                   (319.9)     (383.0)
                                                                             --------    --------
                                                                             $2,874.0    $1,307.8
                                                                             ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* At December 31, 1995.
 
     During 1995, Williams replaced its $600 million credit agreement, which was
scheduled to terminate in December 1995, with a new $800 million agreement.
Under the new credit agreement, Northwest Pipeline, Transcontinental Gas Pipe
Line, Texas Gas Transmission, Williams Pipe Line and Williams Holdings of
Delaware, Inc. have access to various amounts of the facility while Williams
(parent) has access to all unborrowed amounts. Interest rates vary with current
market conditions. Certain amounts outstanding at December 31, 1995, under this
facility do not reduce amounts available to Williams in the future. The
available amount at December 31, 1995, is $670 million.
 
     In January 1996, Williams Holdings of Delaware, Inc., a subsidiary of
Williams, issued $250 million of 6.25 percent debentures due 2006.
 
     In January 1996, Williams entered into a $205 million short-term borrowing
agreement to finance the purchase of the remaining 50 percent interest in Kern
River Gas Transmission Company (see Note 5).
 
                                      F-29
<PAGE>   53
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     In conjunction with the issuance of $130 million of variable rate debt by
Williams Natural Gas in November 1994, Williams entered into an interest-rate
swap agreement under which Williams pays a 7.78 percent fixed rate in exchange
for a variable rate (5.88 percent at December 31, 1995). The difference between
the fixed and variable rate is included in interest expense.
 
     Terms of certain subsidiaries' borrowing arrangements with institutional
lenders limit the transfer of funds to Williams. At December 31, 1995,
approximately $933 million of net assets of consolidated subsidiaries was
restricted. Undistributed earnings of companies and partnerships accounted for
under the equity method of $62 million are included in Williams' consolidated
retained earnings at December 31, 1995.
 
     Aggregate minimum maturities and sinking-fund requirements, excluding lease
payments, for each of the next five years are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             (MILLIONS)
                                                                             ----------
        <S>                                                                  <C>
        1996..............................................................      $319
        1997..............................................................       222
        1998..............................................................       341
        1999..............................................................       313
        2000..............................................................       405
</TABLE>
 
     Cash payments for interest (net of amounts capitalized) related to
continuing operations are as follows: 1995 -- $266 million; 1994 -- $143
million; and 1993 -- $144 million. Cash payments for interest (net of amounts
capitalized) related to discontinued operations are as follows: 1994 -- $6
million and 1993 -- $16 million.
 
  Leases
 
     Future minimum annual rentals under non-cancelable operating leases related
to continuing operations are $52 million in 1996, $47 million in 1997, $42
million in 1998, $39 million in 1999, $37 million in 2000 and $186 million
thereafter.
 
     Total rent expense from continuing operations was $78 million in 1995, $26
million in 1994 and $22 million in 1993. Total rent expense from discontinued
operations was $70 million in 1994 and $59 million in 1993.
 
NOTE 14 -- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
     In connection with the May 1, 1995, merger with Transco Energy, Williams
exchanged all of Transco Energy's outstanding $3.50 cumulative convertible
preferred stock for 2.5 million shares of Williams' $3.50 cumulative convertible
preferred stock. These shares are redeemable by Williams beginning in November
1999, at an initial price of $51.40 per share. Each share of $3.50 preferred
stock is convertible at the option of the holder into 1.5625 shares of Williams
common stock. Dividends per share of $2.33 were recorded during 1995.
 
     During 1995, Williams exchanged 2.8 million shares of its $2.21 cumulative
preferred stock with a carrying value of $69 million for 9.6 percent debentures
with a fair value of $72.5 million. The difference in the fair value of the new
securities and the carrying value of the preferred stock exchanged is recorded
as a decrease in capital in excess of par value. This amount did not impact net
income, but is included in preferred stock dividends on the income statement and
in the computation of earnings per share. The 837,852 outstanding shares of
$2.21 cumulative preferred stock are redeemable by Williams at a price of $25
beginning in September 1997. Dividends per share of $2.21 were recorded each
year during 1995, 1994 and 1993.
 
                                      F-30
<PAGE>   54
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     During 1993, Williams called for redemption of its 3,000,000 shares of
outstanding $3.875 convertible exchangeable preferred stock. Substantially all
of the preferred shares were converted into 7.6 million shares of Williams
common stock. Dividends per share of $.97 were recorded during 1993.
 
     Subsequent to December 31, 1995, the board of directors adopted a
Stockholder Rights Plan (the "Rights Plan") to replace its existing rights plan
which expired on February 6, 1996. Under the Rights Plan, each outstanding share
of common stock has one preferred stock purchase right attached. Under certain
conditions, each right may be exercised to purchase, at an exercise price of
$140 (subject to adjustment), one two-hundredth of a share of junior
participating preferred stock. The rights may be exercised only if an Acquiring
Person acquires (or obtains the right to acquire) 15 percent or more of Williams
common stock; or commences an offer for 15 percent or more of Williams common
stock; or the board of directors determines an Adverse Person has become the
owner of 10 percent or more of Williams common stock. The rights, which do not
have voting rights, expire in 2006 and may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per
right prior to their expiration, or within a specified period of time after the
occurrence of certain events. In the event a person becomes the owner of more
than 15 percent of Williams common stock or the board of directors determines
that a person is an Adverse Person, each holder of a right (except an Acquiring
Person or an Adverse Person) shall have the right to receive, upon exercise,
common stock having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the right.
In the event Williams is engaged in a merger, business combination or 50 percent
or more of Williams assets, cash flow or earnings power is sold or transferred,
each holder of a right (except an Acquiring Person or an Adverse Person) shall
have the right to receive, upon exercise, common stock of the acquiring company
having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the right.
 
     During 1995, the board of directors approved the Stock Plan for Non-officer
Employees (the 1995 Plan). The 1995 Plan along with the 1990 Stock Plan (the
1990 Plan) permits granting of various types of awards including, but not
limited to, stock options, stock-appreciation rights, restricted stock and
deferred stock. The 1995 Plan provides for granting of awards to key non-officer
employees. The 1990 Plan is used for granting of awards to executive officers of
Williams. Such awards may be granted for no consideration other than prior and
future services. The purchase price per share for stock options and
stock-appreciation rights may not be less than the fair-market value of the
stock on the date of grant. Another stock option plan provides for the granting
of non-qualified options to non-employee directors. Options under the 1990 Plan
generally become exercisable in three annual installments beginning within one
year after grant. Options under the 1995 Plan generally become exercisable after
five years, subject to accelerated vesting if certain stock prices are achieved.
The options expire 10 years after grant.
 
     The following summary reflects option transactions during 1995.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               OPTION PRICE
                                                                          ----------------------
                                                               SHARES     PER SHARE     TOTAL
                                                              ---------   ---------   ----------
                                                                                      (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                       <C>         <C>         <C>
    Shares under option:
      December 31, 1994.....................................  2,884,008    $ 11- 30      $ 65
      Granted...............................................  2,261,058      30- 40        80
      Canceled or surrendered...............................    (81,892)     14- 40        (2)
      Exchanged options from Transco Energy
         acquisition -- net.................................  1,024,250      21-172        35
      Exercised.............................................   (841,491)     11- 40       (25)
                                                              ---------                  ----
      December 31, 1995.....................................  5,245,933    $ 11-172      $153
                                                              =========                  ====
    Shares exercisable December 31, 1995....................  4,421,447
                                                              =========
</TABLE>
 
     Under the plans, Williams granted 65,445, 127,706 and 97,504 deferred
shares in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, to key employees. Deferred shares
are valued at the date of award and are generally charged to
 
                                      F-31
<PAGE>   55
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
expense in the year of award. Williams issued 70,122, 45,298 and 191,007 of
previously deferred shares in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Williams also
issued 55,300, 44,800 and 62,000 shares of restricted stock in 1995, 1994 and
1993, respectively. Restricted stock is valued on the issuance date, and the
related expense is amortized over varying periods of three to 10 years.
 
     During November 1994, Williams entered into a deferred share agreement (the
Agreement) in connection with the sale of its network services operations. Under
the terms of the Agreement, Williams will distribute up to approximately 2.6
million shares of Williams common stock to key employees of the network services
operations over various periods through 1998, less amounts necessary to meet
minimum tax withholding requirements. Williams distributed 314,405 and 273,095
shares during 1995 and 1994, respectively.
 
     At December 31, 1995, 9,849,891 shares of common stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to existing and future stock awards, of which 2,698,799 were
available for future grants (1,835,014 at December 31, 1994).
 
     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued a new accounting
standard, FAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995. As provided for in the standard,
Williams will not adopt the recognition provisions and will provide the pro
forma net income and earnings-per-share disclosures required by the standard in
its 1996 annual financial statements.
 
     Williams currently follows Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." Under this standard, because the
exercise price of Williams' fixed plan common stock options equals the market
price of the underlying stock on the date of the grant, no compensation expense
is recognized.
 
NOTE 15 -- FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
  Fair-value methods
 
     The following methods and assumptions were used by Williams in estimating
its fair-value disclosures for financial instruments:
 
          Cash and cash equivalents and notes payable: The carrying amounts
     reported in the balance sheet approximate fair value due to the short-term
     maturity of these instruments.
 
          Notes and other non-current receivables: For those notes with interest
     rates approximating market or maturities of less than three years, fair
     value is estimated to approximate historically recorded amounts. For those
     notes with maturities beyond three years and fixed interest rates, fair
     value is calculated using discounted cash flow analysis based on current
     market rates.
 
          Long-term debt: The fair value of Williams' long-term debt is valued
     using indicative year-end traded bond market prices for publicly traded
     issues, while private debt is valued based on the prices of similar
     securities with similar terms and credit ratings. At December 31, 1995 and
     1994, 85 percent and 59 percent, respectively, of Williams' long-term debt
     was publicly traded. Williams used the expertise of an outside investment
     banking firm to estimate the fair value of long-term debt.
 
          Interest-rate swaps: Fair value is determined by discounting estimated
     future cash flows using forward interest rates implied by the year-end
     yield curve. Fair value was calculated by the financial institution that is
     the counterparty to the swap.
 
          Energy-related trading and hedging: Includes forwards, futures,
     options, swaps and purchase and sales commitments. Fair value reflects
     management's best estimate of market prices considering various
 
                                      F-32
<PAGE>   56
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     factors including closing exchange and over-the-counter quotations, the
     terms of the contract, credit considerations, time value and volatility
     factors underlying the positions.
 
  Carrying amounts and fair values of Williams' financial instruments
 
     Asset (liability)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1995                      1994
                                               ----------------------    ----------------------
                                               CARRYING       FAIR       CARRYING       FAIR
                                                AMOUNT        VALUE       AMOUNT        VALUE
                                               ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                                  (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
    Cash and cash equivalents................  $    90.4    $    90.4    $    36.1    $    36.1
    Notes and other non-current
      receivables............................       25.7         25.8         63.1         62.3
    Investment in Texasgulf Inc..............         --           --        150.0        150.0
    Notes payable............................         --           --       (507.0)      (507.0)
    Long-term debt, including current
      portion................................   (3,193.1)    (3,476.7)    (1,657.6)    (1,679.9)
    Interest-rate swaps......................        (.4)       (10.4)         (.3)         1.4
    Energy-related trading:
      Assets.................................      102.5        102.5         22.7         22.7
      Liabilities............................     (283.1)      (283.1)       (15.8)       (15.8)
    Energy-related hedging:
      Assets.................................        2.9          4.5           .3           .3
      Liabilities............................        (.6)        (3.2)        (8.5)        (8.5)
</TABLE>
 
     The above asset and liability amounts for energy-related hedging represent
unrealized gains or losses and do not include the related deferred amounts.
 
     The 1995 average fair value of the energy-related trading assets and
liabilities is $57.3 million and $144.6 million, respectively. The 1994 average
fair value of the energy-related trading assets and liabilities is $9.2 million
and $8.5 million, respectively.
 
     Williams has recorded liabilities of $24 million and $27 million at
December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, for certain guarantees that qualify as
financial instruments. It is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these
guarantees because of their unusual nature and unique characteristics.
 
  Off-balance-sheet credit and market risk
 
     Williams is a participant in the following transactions and arrangements
that involve financial instruments that have off-balance-sheet risk of
accounting loss. It is not practicable to estimate the fair value of these off-
balance-sheet financial instruments because of their unusual nature and unique
characteristics.
 
     Williams sold, with limited recourse, certain receivables. The aggregate
limit under these receivables facilities was $190 million at December 31, 1995,
and $80 million at December 31, 1994 (1994 balance all related to discontinued
operations). Williams received $196 million of proceeds in 1995, $110 million in
1994 and none in 1993. At December 31, 1995 and 1994, $166 million and $80
million (1994 balance all related to discontinued operations) of such
receivables had been sold, respectively. Based on amounts outstanding at
December 31, 1995, the maximum contractual credit loss under these arrangements
is approximately $28 million, but the likelihood of loss is remote. Williams had
no risk of credit loss for the amount sold at December 31, 1994, because amounts
outstanding related to discontinued operations (see Note 3).
 
     In connection with the sale of units in the Williams Coal Seam Gas Royalty
Trust (Trust), Williams indemnified the Trust against losses from certain
litigation (see Note 17) and guaranteed minimum gas prices through 1997. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, Williams has a recorded liability of $10 million for
these
 
                                      F-33
<PAGE>   57
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
items, representing the maximum amount for the first guarantee and an estimate
of the gas price exposure based on historical operating trends and an assessment
of market conditions. While Williams' maximum exposure from this guarantee
exceeds amounts accrued, it is not practicable to determine such amount because
of the unique aspects of the guarantee.
 
     In connection with the sale of Williams' network services operations,
Williams has been indemnified by LDDS against any losses related to retained
guarantees of $180 million at December 31, 1995, for lease rental obligations.
LDDS has advised that it is negotiating with the guaranteed parties to remove
Williams as guarantor.
 
     Williams has issued other guarantees and letters of credit with
off-balance-sheet risk that total approximately $8 million and $9 million at
December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. Williams believes it will not have to
perform under these agreements because the likelihood of default by the primary
party is remote and/or because of certain indemnifications received from other
third parties.
 
  Commodity price-risk management services
 
     Williams Energy Services provides price-risk management services associated
with the energy industry to its customers. These services are provided through a
variety of financial instruments, including forward contracts, futures
contracts, option contracts, swap agreements and purchase and sale commitments.
See Note 1 for a description of the accounting for these trading activities.
 
     Williams Energy Services enters into forward contracts and purchase and
sale commitments which involve physical delivery of an energy commodity. Prices
under these contracts are both fixed and variable. Swap agreements call for
Williams Energy Services to make payments to (or receive payments from)
counterparties based upon the differential between a fixed and variable price or
variable prices for different locations. The variable prices are generally based
on either industry pricing publications or exchange quotations. Williams Energy
Services buys and sells option contracts which give the buyer the right to
exercise the options and receive the difference between a predetermined strike
price and a market price at the date of exercise. The market prices used for
natural-gas-related contracts are generally exchange quotations. Williams Energy
Services also enters into futures contracts which are commitments to either
purchase or sell a commodity at a future date for a specified price and are
generally settled in cash, but may be settled through delivery of the underlying
commodity. The market prices for futures contracts are based on exchange
quotations.
 
     Williams Energy Services manages risk from financial instruments by making
various logistical commitments which manage profit margins through offsetting
financial instruments. As a result, price movements can result in losses on
certain contracts offset by gains on others.
 
     Williams Energy Services takes an active role in managing and controlling
market and counterparty risks and has established formal control procedures
which are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Williams Energy Services attempts to
minimize credit-risk exposure to trading counterparties and brokers through
formal credit policies and monitoring procedures. In the normal course of
business, collateral is not required for financial instruments with credit risk.
 
                                      F-34
<PAGE>   58
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     The notional quantities for all trading financial instruments at December
31, 1995, and December 31, 1994, are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1995                    1994
                                                      -------------------     ------------------
                                                      PAYOR      RECEIVER     PAYOR     RECEIVER
                                                      ------     --------     -----     --------
    <S>                                               <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>
    Fixed price:
      Natural gas (TBtu)............................    873.2       847.3     181.4       179.5
      Refined products and crude (MMBbls)...........     15.9        14.9      11.2        12.5
    Variable price:
      Natural gas (TBtu)............................  1,841.2     1,517.2      85.0       136.3
      Refined products and crude (MMBbls)...........      2.8         2.5       2.5         2.5
</TABLE>
 
     The net cash flow requirement related to these contracts at December 31,
1995, was $215 million. At December 31, 1995, the average remaining life of the
trading fixed-price portfolio is approximately two years and four years for the
trading variable-price portfolio.
 
     In 1995, certain gas marketing operations of Williams Energy Services,
along with gas marketing operations from Transco Energy, were combined with the
commodity price-risk management and trading activities of Williams Energy
Services. Such combination in 1995 involves managing the price and other
business risks and opportunities of such physical gas trading activities and any
related financial instruments previously accounted for as hedges in common-risk
portfolios with Williams Energy Services' other financial instruments. These
former marketing activities, consisting of buying and selling natural gas,
through 1994 were reported on a "gross" basis in the Consolidated Statement of
Income as revenues and profit-center costs. Concurrent with completing the
combination of such activities with the commodity price-risk management
operations in the third quarter of 1995, the related contract rights and
obligations along with any related financial instruments previously accounted
for as hedges, were recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet on a
current-market-value basis and the related income statement presentation was
changed to a net basis. Such revenues reported on a gross basis through the
first two quarters of 1995 were reclassified to a net basis concurrent with this
change in the third quarter of 1995. Following is a summary of Williams Energy
Services' revenues:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1995         1994
                                                                       -------      ------
    <S>                                                                <C>          <C>
    Financial instrument and physical trading market gains -- net....  $  65.8      $ 14.2
    Gross marketing revenues.........................................    617.7*      249.2
    Gross marketing costs............................................   (599.2)*        --
    Other............................................................      1.5          .3
                                                                       -------      ------
                                                                       $  85.8      $263.7
                                                                       =======      ======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Through June 30, 1995.
 
  Concentration of credit risk
 
     Williams' cash equivalents consist of high quality securities placed with
various major financial institutions with high credit ratings. Williams'
investment policy limits its credit exposure to any one financial institution.
 
     At December 31, 1995 and 1994, approximately 62 percent and 40 percent,
respectively, of receivables are for the sale or transportation of natural gas
and related products or services. Approximately 27 percent and 30 percent of
receivables at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, are for
telecommunications and related services. Natural gas customers include
pipelines, distribution companies, producers, gas marketers and industrial users
primarily located in the eastern, northwestern and midwestern United States.
Telecommunica-
 
                                      F-35
<PAGE>   59
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
tions customers include numerous corporations. As a general policy, collateral
is not required for receivables, but customers' financial condition and credit
worthiness are evaluated regularly.
 
NOTE 16 -- OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
     Intercompany revenues (at prices that generally apply to sales to
unaffiliated parties) are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1995     1994*    1993*
                                                                     ------    -----    -----
                                                                            (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                              <C>       <C>      <C>
    Northwest Pipeline............................................   $  1.8    $ 3.4    $ 3.6
    Williams Natural Gas..........................................      9.5     14.2      5.4
    Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line................................     34.2       --       --
    Texas Gas Transmission........................................     37.7       --       --
    Williams Field Services Group.................................      9.2     30.5     14.5
    Williams Energy Services......................................     34.0     20.2     42.1
    Williams Pipe Line............................................     32.8     16.7      1.4
    Other.........................................................       .3       .4       --
                                                                     ------    -----    -----
                                                                     $159.5    $85.4    $67.0
                                                                     ======    =====    =====
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified as described in Note 1.
 
     Williams Natural Gas had sales to a natural gas distributor that accounted
for 15 percent in 1993 of Williams' revenues.
 
                                      F-36
<PAGE>   60
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     Information for business segments is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1995        1994*       1993*
                                                             ---------    --------    --------
                                                                        (MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                      <C>          <C>         <C>
    Identifiable assets at December 31:
      Northwest Pipeline..................................   $ 1,147.5    $1,028.0    $1,032.6
      Williams Natural Gas................................       709.2       719.8       697.0
      Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line......................     3,159.5          --          --
      Texas Gas Transmission..............................     1,151.8          --          --
      Williams Field Services Group.......................     2,116.5     1,093.6       967.8
      Williams Energy Services............................       351.9        96.5        84.6
      Williams Pipe Line..................................       870.5       680.4       588.3
      WilTel..............................................       263.0       255.5       169.1
      WilTech Group.......................................       138.0        60.2        26.6
      Investments.........................................       307.6       379.1       437.1
      General corporate and other.........................       279.3       169.4       122.1
      Discontinued operations.............................          --       743.6       895.2
                                                             ---------    --------    --------
              Consolidated................................   $10,494.8    $5,226.1    $5,020.4
                                                             =========    ========    ========
    Additions to property, plant and equipment:
      Northwest Pipeline..................................   $   130.5    $   62.6    $  175.7
      Williams Natural Gas................................        43.5        32.9        54.9
      Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line......................       238.7          --          --
      Texas Gas Transmission..............................        32.1          --          --
      Williams Field Services Group.......................       247.7       163.5       116.7
      Williams Pipe Line..................................        87.9        46.6        62.9
      WilTel..............................................        24.1         4.9         1.9
      WilTech Group.......................................         8.3         8.0         6.9
      General corporate and other.........................        14.7         7.0         9.3
                                                             ---------    --------    --------
              Consolidated................................   $   827.5    $  325.5    $  428.3
                                                             =========    ========    ========
    Depreciation and depletion:
      Northwest Pipeline..................................   $    34.9    $   33.9    $   30.7
      Williams Natural Gas................................        27.3        27.2        27.3
      Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line......................       109.1          --          --
      Texas Gas Transmission..............................        38.9          --          --
      Williams Field Services Group.......................       110.2        46.7        43.5
      Williams Pipe Line..................................        26.4        22.4        21.4
      WilTel..............................................         5.9         5.3         4.7
      WilTech Group.......................................         8.3         7.4         4.0
      General corporate and other.........................         8.4         7.4         6.2
                                                             ---------    --------    --------
              Consolidated................................   $   369.4    $  150.3    $  137.8
                                                             =========    ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified as described in Note 1.
 
                                      F-37
<PAGE>   61
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
NOTE 17 -- CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS
 
  Rate and regulatory matters and related litigation
 
     Williams' interstate pipeline subsidiaries, including Williams Pipe Line,
have various regulatory proceedings pending. As a result of rulings in certain
of these proceedings, a portion of the revenues of these subsidiaries has been
collected subject to refund. As to Williams Pipe Line, revenues collected
subject to refund were $179 million at December 31, 1995; it is not expected
that the amount of any refunds ordered would be significant. Accordingly, no
portion of these revenues has been reserved for refund. As to the other
pipelines, see Note 12 for the amount of revenues reserved for potential refund
as of December 31, 1995.
 
     In 1992, the FERC issued Order 636, Order 636-A and Order 636-B. These
orders, which have been challenged in various respects by various parties in
proceedings pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, require
interstate gas pipeline companies to change the manner in which they provide
services. Williams Natural Gas implemented its restructuring on October 1, 1993,
and Northwest Pipeline, Texas Gas and Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line implemented
their restructurings on November 1, 1993. Certain aspects of each pipeline
company's restructuring are under appeal.
 
  Contract reformations and gas purchase deficiencies
 
     Each of the natural gas pipeline subsidiaries has undertaken the
reformation of its respective gas supply contracts. None of the pipelines has
any significant pending supplier take-or-pay, ratable take or minimum take
claims.
 
     In 1994, Williams Natural Gas and a producer executed a number of
agreements to resolve outstanding issues. Portions of the settlement were
subject to regulatory approvals, including the regulatory abandonment of a
certain Williams Natural Gas gathering system on terms acceptable to Williams
Natural Gas. On May 2, 1995, the FERC issued orders granting the requisite
approvals; however, one party has requested rehearing of the decision regarding
abandonment of the gathering system.
 
     Current FERC policy associated with Orders 436 and 500 requires interstate
gas pipelines to absorb some of the cost of reforming gas supply contracts
before allowing any recovery through direct bill or surcharges to transportation
as well as sales commodity rates. Under Orders 636, 636-A and 636-B, costs
incurred to comply with these rules are permitted to be recovered in full,
although 10 percent of such costs must be allocated to interruptible
transportation service.
 
     The FERC initially approved a method for Northwest Pipeline to direct bill
its contract-reformation costs, but when challenged on appeal, sought a remand
to reassess such method. Northwest Pipeline has received an order from the FERC
that requires a different allocation of such costs and has rebilled its
customers accordingly. While certain customers continue to challenge the FERC
methodology, Northwest Pipeline does not expect the reallocation or the
challenge to result in a significant financial impact upon the company.
 
     Pursuant to a stipulation and agreement approved by the FERC, Williams
Natural Gas has made three filings to direct bill take-or-pay and gas supply
realignment costs. The first provided for the offset of certain amounts
collected subject to refund against previous take-or-pay direct-billed amounts
and, in addition, covered $24 million in new costs. This filing was approved,
and the final direct-billed amount, taking into consideration the offset, was
$15 million. The second filing covered $18 million in additional costs, and
provided for an offset of $3 million. The third filing covered additional costs
of $8 million which are similar in nature to the costs in the second filing. An
intervenor has filed a protest seeking to have the Commission review the
prudence of certain of the costs covered by the second and third filings.
Williams Natural Gas believes that the second and third filings will most likely
be approved. As of December 31, 1995, this subsidiary had an accrual of $87
million for its then estimated remaining contract-reformation and gas supply
 
                                      F-38
<PAGE>   62
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
realignment costs. This accrual was increased in December 1995 as a result of a
ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit regarding the terms of
certain contracts with producers. Williams Natural Gas will make additional
filings under the applicable FERC orders to recover such further costs as may be
incurred in the future. Williams Natural Gas has recorded a regulatory asset of
approximately $84 million for estimated future recovery of the foregoing costs.
 
     On September 18, 1995, Texas Gas received FERC approval of a settlement
regarding Texas Gas' recovery of gas supply realignment costs. The settlement
provides that Texas Gas will recover 100 percent of such costs up to $50
million, will share in costs incurred between $50 million and $80 million, and
will absorb any such costs above $80 million. The settlement also extends Texas
Gas' pricing differential mechanism to November 1, 1996, and beyond that date
for contracts in litigation as of that date. Through December 31, 1995, Texas
Gas has paid approximately $53 million for gas supply realignment costs,
primarily as a result of contract terminations, and has accrued a liability of
approximately $27 million for its estimated remaining gas supply realignment
costs. Texas Gas has recovered approximately $44 million in gas supply
realignment costs, and in accordance with the terms of its settlement has
recorded a regulatory asset of approximately $23 million for the estimated
future recovery of such costs, which will be collected from customers over the
next two years. Ninety percent of the cost recovery is collected through demand
surcharges on Texas Gas' firm transportation rates; the remaining 10 percent is
recoverable from interruptible transportation service.
 
     In 1983, the FERC issued Order 94-A, which permitted producers to collect
certain production related costs from pipelines on a retroactive basis. Pursuant
to FERC orders, Texas Gas and Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line direct billed their
customers for such costs paid to producers. In 1990, the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit overturned the FERC's orders authorizing direct billing for
such costs. In December 1995, Texas Gas entered into a settlement by which it
resolved its final refund obligations as to these costs. Transcontinental Gas
Pipe Line has resolved its refund obligations except for an amount of
approximately $7 million. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line has refunded that
amount, reserving the right to recover the amount paid if the ruling is reversed
on appeal.
 
     The foregoing accruals are in accordance with Williams' accounting policies
regarding the establishment of such accruals which take into consideration
estimated total exposure, as discounted and risk-weighted, as well as costs and
other risks associated with the difference between the time costs are incurred
and the time such costs are recovered from customers. The estimated portion of
such costs recoverable from customers is deferred or recorded as a regulatory
asset based on an estimate of expected recovery of the amounts allowed by FERC
policy. While Williams believes that these accruals are adequate and the
associated regulatory assets are appropriate, costs actually incurred and
amounts actually recovered from customers will depend upon the outcome of
various court and FERC proceedings, the success of settlement negotiations and
various other factors, not all of which are presently foreseeable.
 
  Environmental matters
 
     Since 1989, Texas Gas and Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line have had studies
underway to test certain of their facilities for the presence of toxic and
hazardous substances to determine to what extent, if any, remediation may be
necessary. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line has responded to data requests
regarding such potential contamination of certain of its sites. The costs of any
such remediation will depend upon the scope of the remediation. At December 31,
1995, these subsidiaries had reserves totaling approximately $45 million for
these costs.
 
     Certain Williams subsidiaries, including Texas Gas and Transcontinental Gas
Pipe Line, have been identified as potentially responsible parties (PRP) at
various Superfund and state waste disposal sites. Although no assurances can be
given, Williams does not believe that the PRP status of these subsidiaries will
have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations
or net cash flows.
 
                                      F-39
<PAGE>   63
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
     In February 1995, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line was served as a defendant
in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Virginia by three individuals for
alleged violations of several provisions of both federal and state laws. Since
1991, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line has worked with the appropriate Virginia
authorities to resolve certain emissions issues also raised by the individuals.
On October 13, 1995, the court dismissed the lawsuit but provided that the
plaintiffs could amend and refile their complaint to allege a state law nuisance
claim and they have done so. Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line believes the amended
complaint is without merit and is prepared to vigorously defend the suit.
 
     Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line, Texas Gas and Williams Natural Gas have
identified polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) contamination in air compressor
systems, soils and related properties at certain compressor station sites.
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line, Texas Gas and Williams Natural Gas have also
been involved in negotiations with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) and state agencies to develop screening, sampling and cleanup programs. In
addition, negotiations concerning investigative and remedial actions relative to
potential mercury contamination at certain gas metering sites have commenced
with certain environmental authorities by Williams Natural Gas and
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line. As of December 31, 1995, Williams Natural Gas
had recorded a liability for approximately $26 million, representing the current
estimate of future environmental cleanup costs to be incurred over the next six
to ten years. Texas Gas and Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line likewise had recorded
liabilities for these costs which are included in the $45 million reserve
mentioned above. Actual costs incurred will depend on the actual number of
contaminated sites identified, the actual amount and extent of contamination
discovered, the final cleanup standards mandated by the EPA and other
governmental authorities and other factors. Texas Gas, Transcontinental Gas Pipe
Line and Williams Natural Gas have deferred these costs pending recovery as
incurred through future rates and other means.
 
     In connection with the 1987 sale of the assets of Agrico Chemical Company,
Williams agreed to indemnify the purchaser for environmental cleanup costs
resulting from certain conditions at specified locations, to the extent such
costs exceed a specified amount. It appears probable that such costs will exceed
this amount. At December 31, 1995, Williams had approximately $7 million accrued
for such excess costs. The actual costs incurred will depend on the actual
amount and extent of contamination discovered, the final cleanup standards
mandated by the EPA or other governmental authorities, and other factors.
 
     A lawsuit was filed on May 14, 1993, in a state court in Colorado in which
certain claims have been made against various defendants, including Northwest
Pipeline, contending that gas exploration and development activities in portions
of the San Juan Basin have caused air, water and other contamination. The
plaintiffs in the case sought certification of a plaintiff class. On June 28,
1994, the lawsuit was dismissed for failure to join an indispensable party over
which the state court had no jurisdiction. This decision is being appealed by
the plaintiffs. Since June 28, 1994, eight individual lawsuits have been filed
against Northwest Pipeline in U.S. District Court in Colorado, making
essentially the same claims. Northwest Pipeline is vigorously defending these
lawsuits.
 
  Other legal matters
 
     On December 31, 1991, the Southern Ute Indian Tribe (the Tribe) filed a
lawsuit against Williams Production Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Williams, and other gas producers in the San Juan Basin area, alleging that
certain coal strata were reserved by the United States for the benefit of the
Tribe and that the extraction of coal-seam gas from the coal strata was
wrongful. The Tribe seeks compensation for the value of the coal-seam gas. The
Tribe also seeks an order transferring to the Tribe ownership of all of the
defendants' equipment and facilities utilized in the extraction of the coal-seam
gas. On September 13, 1994, the court granted summary judgment in favor of the
defendants. The Tribe lodged an interlocutory appeal with the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Williams Production agreed to indemnify the
Williams Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust (Trust) against any losses that may arise
in respect of certain properties subject to
 
                                      F-40
<PAGE>   64
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
 
the lawsuit. In addition, if the Tribe is successful in showing that Williams
Production has no rights in the coal-seam gas, Williams Production has agreed to
pay to the Trust for distribution to then-current unitholders, an amount
representing a return of a portion of the original purchase price paid for the
units. While Williams believes that such a payment is not probable, it has
reserved a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the units in the Trust.
 
     In October 1990, Dakota Gasification Company (Dakota), the owner of the
Great Plains Coal Gasification Plant (Plant), filed suit in the U.S. District
Court in North Dakota against Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and three other
pipeline companies alleging that the pipeline companies had not complied with
their respective obligations under certain gas purchase and gas transportation
contracts. On September 8, 1992, Dakota and the Department of Justice on behalf
of the Department of Energy filed an amended complaint adding as defendants in
the suit, Transco Energy Company, Transco Coal Gas Company (Transco Energy
Company and Transco Coal Gas Company being wholly owned subsidiaries of
Williams) and all of the other partners in the partnership that originally
constructed the Plant and each of the parent companies of these entities. Dakota
and the Department of Justice sought declaratory and injunctive relief and the
recovery of damages, alleging that the four pipeline defendants underpaid for
gas, collectively, as of June 30, 1992, by more than $232 million plus interest
and for additional damages for transportation services and costs and expenses
including attorneys' fees. On March 30, 1994, the parties executed definitive
agreements which would settle the litigation subject to final non-appealable
regulatory approvals. The settlement is also subject to a FERC ruling that
Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line's existing authority to recover in rates certain
costs related to the purchase and transportation of gas produced by Dakota will
pertain to gas purchase and transportation costs Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line
will pay Dakota under the terms of the settlement. On October 18, 1994, the FERC
issued an order consolidating Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line's petition for
approval of the settlement with similar petitions pending relative to two of the
other three pipeline companies (the third pipeline having entered into a
settlement) and setting the matter for hearing before an administrative law
judge. On December 29, 1995, the administrative law judge issued an initial
decision in which he concluded that the settlement was imprudent. If the
decision is upheld on appeal, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and the other two
pipelines would be required to refund to their customers amounts collected in
excess of the amounts deemed appropriate by the administrative law judge. The
pipelines would be entitled to collect the amount of any such customer refunds
from Dakota. The administrative law judge's decision will be appealed; however,
in the event that the necessary regulatory approvals are not ultimately obtained
and Dakota elects to continue the litigation, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line,
Transco Energy Company and Transco Coal Gas Company intend to vigorously defend
the suit.
 
     In connection with agreements to resolve take-or-pay and other contract
claims and to amend gas purchase contracts, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and
Texas Gas each entered into certain settlements with producers which may require
the indemnification of certain claims for additional royalties which the
producers may be required to pay as a result of such settlements. As a result of
such settlements, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line and Texas Gas have been named
as defendants in, respectively, six and two lawsuits in which damages claimed
aggregate in excess of $133 million. Texas Gas has settled its two lawsuits for
a total cost of $3.7 million, all but $700,000 of which is recoverable as
transition costs under Order 636. On July 17, 1995, a judge in a Texas state
court granted a motion by Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line for partial summary
judgment, rejecting a major portion of the plaintiff's claims in one of its
lawsuits. Producers may receive other demands which could result in additional
claims. Indemnification for royalties will depend on, among other things, the
specific lease provisions between the producer and the lessor and the terms of
the settlement between the producer and either Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line or
Texas Gas. Texas Gas may file to recover 75 percent of any such additional
amounts it may be required to pay pursuant to indemnities for royalties under
the provisions of Order 528.
 
                                      F-41
<PAGE>   65
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONCLUDED)
 
     On November 14, 1994, Continental Energy Associates Limited Partnership
(the Partnership) filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy
Code with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Middle District of Pennsylvania. The
Partnership owns a cogeneration facility in Hazleton, Pennsylvania (the
Facility). Hazleton Fuel Management Company (HFMC), a subsidiary of Transco
Energy, supplies natural gas and fuel oil to the Facility. As of December 31,
1995, it had current outstanding receivables from the Partnership of
approximately $20 million, all of which has been reserved. The construction of
the Facility was funded by several banks that have a security interest in all of
the Partnership's assets. HFMC has asserted to the Bankruptcy Court that payment
of its receivables is superior to the lien of the banks and intends to
vigorously pursue the collection of such amounts. HFMC has also filed suit
against the lead bank with respect to this and other matters, including the
alleged tortious interference with HFMC's contractual relations with the
Partnership and other parties. On March 21, 1995, the Bankruptcy Court approved
the rejection of the gas supply contract between the Partnership and HFMC. HFMC
has in turn asserted force majeure under a contract with a producer under which
HFMC purchased natural gas for the Facility.
 
     In addition to the foregoing, various other proceedings are pending against
Williams or its subsidiaries incidental to their operations.
 
  Summary
 
     While no assurances may be given, Williams does not believe that the
ultimate resolution of the foregoing matters, taken as a whole and after
consideration of amounts accrued, insurance coverage, recovery from customers or
other indemnification arrangements, will have a materially adverse effect upon
Williams' future financial position, results of operations and cash flow
requirements.
 
                                      F-42
<PAGE>   66
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                      QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
 
     Summarized quarterly financial data are as follows (millions, except
per-share amounts). Revenues and costs and operating expenses for the six months
ended June 30, 1995, have been reclassified to report natural gas sales net of
related gas purchase costs.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        FIRST      SECOND      THIRD     FOURTH
                   1995                                QUARTER     QUARTER    QUARTER    QUARTER
                   ----                                --------    -------    -------    -------
    <S>                                                <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
    Revenues.........................................  $  642.4    $ 663.9    $ 712.4    $ 837.0
    Costs and operating expenses.....................     351.1      400.1      438.9      510.6
    Net income.......................................   1,088.9       83.3       68.5       77.5
    Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent
      share..........................................     11.57        .79        .58        .70
    Fully diluted earnings per common and common-
      equivalent share...............................     11.55        .78        .58        .69

                   1994
                   ----

    Revenues.........................................  $  386.6    $ 419.9    $ 467.3    $ 477.3
    Costs and operating expenses.....................     248.5      274.0      335.4      329.8
    Income before extraordinary loss.................      52.8       74.0       55.6       76.5
    Net income.......................................      52.8       62.9       55.6       75.4
    Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent
      share:
         Income before extraordinary loss............       .48        .69        .51        .77
         Net income..................................       .48        .58        .51        .76
    Fully diluted earnings per common and common-
      equivalent share:
         Income before extraordinary loss............       .48        .69        .51        .77
         Net income..................................       .48        .58        .51        .76
</TABLE>
 
     The sum of earnings per share for the four quarters may not equal the total
earnings per share for the year due to changes in the average number of common
shares outstanding.
 
     First-quarter 1995 net income includes the after-tax gain of $1 billion on
the sale of Williams' network services operations (see Note 3 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements). The second quarter of 1995 includes a $16
million after-tax gain from the sale of Williams' 15 percent interest in
Texasgulf Inc. (see Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) and an
$8 million income tax benefit resulting from settlements with taxing
authorities. Northwest Pipeline's third-quarter 1995 operating profit includes
the approximate $11 million net favorable effect of two reserve accrual
adjustments. In third-quarter 1995, Williams Field Services Group recorded $20
million of income from the favorable resolution of contingency issues involving
previously regulated gathering and processing assets, partially offset by an $8
million accrual for a future minimum price natural gas purchase commitment.
 
     Second-quarter 1994 includes a $23 million gain from the sale of assets
(see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
 
                                      F-43
<PAGE>   67
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (CONCLUDED)
 
     Selected comparative fourth-quarter data are as follows (millions, except
per-share amounts). Certain 1994 amounts have been restated as described in Note
1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1995       1994
                                                                         ------     ------
    <S>                                                                  <C>        <C>
    Operating profit (loss):
      Williams Interstate Natural Gas Systems:
         Northwest Pipeline............................................  $ 25.1     $ 22.7
         Williams Natural Gas..........................................    15.5       15.1
         Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line................................    47.4         --
         Texas Gas Transmission........................................    28.6         --
      Williams Field Services Group....................................    43.2       40.4
      Williams Energy Services.........................................      .3       (3.9)
      Williams Pipe Line...............................................    19.3       11.9
      WilTel...........................................................     7.2        6.7
      WilTech Group....................................................      .8       (4.5)
      Other............................................................     (.2)        --
                                                                         ------     ------
              Total operating profit...................................   187.2       88.4
    General corporate expenses.........................................   (12.1)      (7.0)
    Interest expense -- net............................................   (69.7)     (39.1)
    Investing income...................................................    12.7       10.8
    Write-off of project costs.........................................   (41.4)        --
    Other income (expense) -- net......................................     5.2       (2.5)
                                                                         ------     ------
    Income from continuing operations before income taxes..............    81.9       50.6
    Provision for income taxes.........................................    17.5       16.4
                                                                         ------     ------
    Income from continuing operations..................................    64.4       34.2
    Income from discontinued operations................................    13.1       42.3
                                                                         ------     ------
    Income before extraordinary loss...................................    77.5       76.5
    Extraordinary loss.................................................      --       (1.1)
                                                                         ------     ------
    Net income.........................................................  $ 77.5     $ 75.4
                                                                         ======     ======
    Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent share............  $  .70     $  .76
                                                                         ======     ======
    Fully diluted earnings per common and common-equivalent share......  $  .69     $  .76
                                                                         ======     ======
</TABLE>
 
     Williams Energy Services' fourth-quarter 1995 operating profit includes
loss accruals of approximately $6 million, primarily related to contract
disputes. In fourth-quarter 1995, the development of a commercial coal
gasification venture in south-central Wyoming was canceled, resulting in a $41.4
million pre-tax charge (see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements). Fourth-quarter 1995 income from discontinued operations reflects
the after-tax effect of the reversal of accruals established at the time of the
sale of the network services operations (see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements).
 
     In fourth-quarter 1994, Williams Natural Gas recorded a $7 million reversal
of excess contract-reformation accruals. Williams Pipe Line's fourth-quarter
1994 operating profit includes $5 million in costs for evaluating and
determining whether to build an oil refinery. Fourth-quarter 1994 discontinued
operations includes favorable adjustments of approximately $15 million relating
to bad debt recoveries and accrual reversals.
 
ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
       DISCLOSURE
 
     None.
 
                                      F-44
<PAGE>   68
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               ITEM 14(A) 1 AND 2
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                        ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>
Covered by report of independent auditors:
  Consolidated statement of income for the three years ended December 31, 1995........  F-12
  Consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 1995 and 1994............................  F-14
  Consolidated statement of stockholders' equity for the three years ended December
     31, 1995.........................................................................  F-15
  Consolidated statement of cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 1995....  F-16
  Notes to consolidated financial statements..........................................  F-17
  Schedules for the three years ended December 31, 1995:
      I -- Condensed financial information of registrant..............................  F-46
     II -- Valuation and qualifying accounts..........................................  F-51
Not covered by report of independent auditors:
  Quarterly financial data (unaudited)................................................  F-43
</TABLE>
 
     All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not
present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial
statements and notes thereto.
 
                                      F-45
<PAGE>   69
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
          SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
 
                          STATEMENT OF INCOME (PARENT)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ----------------------------------
                                                                1995          1994         1993
                                                              --------       ------       ------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>          <C>
                                                                 (MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE
                                                                           AMOUNTS)
Investing income............................................  $   50.7       $ 29.4       $ 27.3
Interest accrued............................................    (189.9)       (91.8)       (95.8)
Gain on sales of assets (Note 3)............................        --           --         51.6
Other income (expense) -- net...............................     (12.9)         2.9        (16.9)
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Loss from continuing operations before income taxes and
  equity in subsidiaries' income............................    (152.1)       (59.5)       (33.8)
Equity in consolidated subsidiaries' income.................     376.5        195.0        189.8
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Income from continuing operations before income taxes.......     224.4        135.5        156.0
Credit for income taxes.....................................     (75.0)       (29.4)       (29.4)
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Income from continuing operations...........................     299.4        164.9        185.4
Income from discontinued operations (Note 2)................   1,018.8         94.0         46.4
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Income before extraordinary loss............................   1,318.2        258.9        231.8
Extraordinary loss from early extinguishment of debt........        --        (12.2)          --
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Net income..................................................   1,318.2        246.7        231.8
Preferred stock dividends...................................      15.3          8.8         11.8
                                                              --------       ------       ------
Income applicable to common stock...........................  $1,302.9       $237.9       $220.0
                                                              ========       ======       ======
Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent share:
  Income from continuing operations.........................  $   2.78       $ 1.52       $ 1.74
  Income from discontinued operations.......................      9.99          .92          .46
                                                              --------       ------       ------
  Income before extraordinary loss..........................     12.77         2.44         2.20
  Extraordinary loss........................................        --         (.12)          --
                                                              --------       ------       ------
  Net income................................................  $  12.77       $ 2.32       $ 2.20
                                                              ========       ======       ======
Fully diluted earnings per common and common-equivalent
  share:
  Income from continuing operations.........................  $   2.76       $ 1.52       $ 1.71
  Income from discontinued operations.......................      9.72          .92          .45
                                                              --------       ------       ------
  Income before extraordinary loss..........................     12.48         2.44         2.16
  Extraordinary loss........................................        --         (.12)          --
                                                              --------       ------       ------
  Net income................................................  $  12.48       $ 2.32       $ 2.16
                                                              ========       ======       ======
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-46
<PAGE>   70
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
   SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT -- (CONTINUED)
 
                             BALANCE SHEET (PARENT)
 
                                     ASSETS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          ---------------------
                                                                            1995         1994
                                                                          --------     --------
                                                                               (MILLIONS)
<S>                                                                       <C>          <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.............................................  $   57.6     $   16.5
  Due from consolidated subsidiaries....................................     131.6        138.4
  Receivables...........................................................      28.9         65.3
  Investment in discontinued operations (Note 2)........................        --        743.6
  Other.................................................................      15.0          4.9
                                                                          --------     --------
          Total current assets..........................................     233.1        968.7
Investments:
  Equity in consolidated subsidiaries (Note 1)..........................   5,551.4      1,634.8
  Receivables from consolidated subsidiaries............................      68.7        387.8
                                                                          --------     --------
                                                                           5,620.1      2,022.6
  Other.................................................................        --         44.0
                                                                          --------     --------
                                                                           5,620.1      2,066.6
Property, plant and equipment--net......................................      20.6         36.3
Other assets and deferred charges.......................................      23.9         14.8
                                                                          --------     --------
          Total assets..................................................  $5,897.7     $3,086.4
                                                                          ========     ========
                             LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Notes payable.........................................................  $     --     $   73.8
  Due to consolidated subsidiaries......................................     291.9        137.6
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities..............................     100.2         84.1
  Long-term debt due within one year (Note 4)...........................      20.0        361.5
                                                                          --------     --------
          Total current liabilities.....................................     412.1        657.0
Long-term debt (Note 4).................................................   1,460.0        763.0
Long-term debt due to consolidated subsidiary (Note 4)..................     360.0           --
Due to consolidated subsidiaries........................................     440.5           --
Other liabilities.......................................................      38.0        160.9
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock.......................................................     173.5        100.0
  Common stock..........................................................     105.3        104.4
  Capital in excess of par value........................................   1,051.1        991.0
  Retained earnings.....................................................   1,915.6        716.5
  Unamortized deferred compensation.....................................      (2.3)        (1.3)
                                                                          --------     --------
                                                                           3,243.2      1,910.6
  Less treasury stock (Notes 4 and 5)...................................     (56.1)      (405.1)
                                                                          --------     --------
          Total stockholders' equity....................................   3,187.1      1,505.5
                                                                          --------     --------
          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity....................  $5,897.7     $3,086.4
                                                                          ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
                                      F-47
<PAGE>   71
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
   SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT -- (CONTINUED)
 
                        STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (PARENT)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           -------------------------------------
                                                             1995           1994          1993
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
                                                                        (MILLIONS)
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>           <C>
Operating activities:
  Net income.............................................  $ 1,318.2       $ 246.7       $ 231.8
  Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided from
     operations:
     Equity in subsidiaries' income, net of cash
       dividends.........................................      732.7         153.1         (60.0)
     Discontinued operations.............................   (1,018.8)        (94.0)        (46.4)
     Extraordinary loss..................................         --          12.2            --
     Depreciation........................................        4.2           4.3           4.2
     Provision (credit) for deferred income taxes........       13.0          20.8          (1.7)
     Gain on sales of property, plant and equipment......         --            --         (52.1)
     Changes in receivables..............................       33.3         (59.5)          5.0
     Changes in other current assets.....................        5.0          (7.1)          1.4
     Changes in accounts payable.........................       (2.7)          3.0           (.7)
     Changes in accrued liabilities......................        (.2)        (12.1)        (18.7)
     Other, including changes in non-current assets and
       liabilities.......................................       (7.2)         (2.5)*        58.5
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
          Net cash provided by operating activities......    1,077.5         264.9         121.3
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
Financing activities:
  Proceeds from notes payable............................       53.4          73.8            --
  Payments of notes payable..............................     (127.2)           --            --
  Proceeds from long-term debt...........................       85.0         350.0            --
  Payments of long-term debt.............................     (549.2)       (181.7)       (128.8)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock.................       32.0          26.4          63.4
  Purchase of treasury stock.............................       (3.7)        (18.4)           --
  Dividends paid.........................................     (119.0)        (93.9)        (89.4)
  Other -- net...........................................       (3.7)           --           (.6)
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
          Net cash provided (used) by financing
            activities...................................     (632.4)        156.2*       (155.4)
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
Investing activities:
  Property, plant and equipment:
     Capital expenditures................................       (2.8)         (1.1)         (1.6)
     Proceeds from sales of property, plant and
       equipment.........................................        1.0            --         115.1
  Purchase of note receivable............................      (75.1)           --            --
  Investments in consolidated subsidiaries...............   (1,248.1)        (71.2)        (75.3)
  Changes in advances to subsidiaries....................      914.7        (354.4)          1.0
  Other -- net...........................................        6.3          (4.0)          (.6)
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
          Net cash provided (used) by investing
            activities...................................     (404.0)       (430.7)         38.6
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
          Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
            equivalents..................................       41.1          (9.6)          4.5
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year.........       16.5          26.1          21.6
                                                           ---------       -------       -------
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year...............  $    57.6       $  16.5       $  26.1
                                                           =========       =======       =======
</TABLE>
 
                            See accompanying notes.
 
- ---------------
 
* Reclassified to conform to current classification.
 
                                      F-48
<PAGE>   72
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
   SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT -- (CONTINUED)
 
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION (PARENT)
 
NOTE 1. TRANSCO ENERGY ACQUISITION
 
     On January 18, 1995, Williams acquired 60 percent of Transco Energy's
outstanding common stock in a cash tender offer for $430.5 million. Williams
acquired the remaining 40 percent of Transco Energy's outstanding common stock
on May 1, 1995, through a merger by exchanging the remaining Transco Energy
common stock for approximately 10.4 million shares of Williams common stock
valued at $334 million. The acquisition is accounted for as a purchase with 60
percent of Transco Energy's results of operations included in Williams'
Consolidated Statement of Income for the period January 18, 1995, through April
30, 1995, and 100 percent included beginning May 1, 1955. See Note 2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Transco
Energy acquisition.
 
NOTE 2. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
 
     On January 5, 1995, Williams sold its network services operations to LDDS
Communications, Inc. (LDDS) for $2.5 billion in cash. The sale yielded a gain of
$1 billion (net of income taxes of approximately $732 million) which is reported
as income from discontinued operations. Prior period operating results for the
network services operations are reported as discontinued operations. See Note 3
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
discontinued operations.
 
NOTE 3. SALES OF ASSETS
 
     In a 1993 public offering, Williams sold 6.1 million units in the Williams
Coal Seam Gas Royalty Trust (Trust), which resulted in net proceeds of $113
million and a pre-tax gain of $51.6 million. The Trust owns defined net profits
interests in the developed coal-seam properties in the San Juan Basin of New
Mexico and Colorado, which were conveyed to the Trust by Williams Production
Company. Ownership of an additional 3.6 million units remains with a subsidiary
of Williams.
 
NOTE 4. LONG-TERM DEBT AND LEASES
 
     During 1995, Williams issued $360 million in convertible debentures and
warrants to a wholly-owned subsidiary in exchange for 12.2 million shares of
Williams common stock held by that subsidiary (see Note 5). The convertible
debentures bear interest at 6 percent, mature in 2005 and are convertible into
9.3 million shares of Williams common stock at $38.58 per share. The warrants
give the subsidiary the right to purchase 7.5 million shares of Williams common
stock at $46.67 per share.
 
     Long-term debt due within one year at December 31, 1994 includes $350
million of borrowings under Williams' credit agreement. Amounts were repaid in
January 1995.
 
     Aggregate minimum maturities and sinking-fund requirements, excluding lease
payments, for each of the next five years are as follows: 1996 -- $20 million;
1997 -- none; 1998 -- $310 million; 1999 -- $150 million; and 2000 -- $175
million. See Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on long-term debt.
 
NOTE 5. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
     In connection with the May 1, 1995, merger with Transco Energy, Williams
exchanged all of Transco Energy's outstanding $3.50 cumulative convertible
preferred stock for 2.5 million shares of Williams' $3.50 cumulative convertible
preferred stock. See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on this exchange.
 
                                      F-49
<PAGE>   73
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
   SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT -- (CONCLUDED)
 
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION (PARENT)
 
     During 1995, Williams exchanged 2.8 million shares of its $2.21 cumulative
preferred stock with a carrying value of $69 million for 9.6 percent debentures.
See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on this exchange.
 
     For financial reporting purposes, treasury stock of $394.8 million held at
December 31, 1994, by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Williams has been presented
as a reduction of stockholders' equity. A portion of this treasury stock was
used in the acquisition of Transco Energy (see Note 1).
 
     The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued a new accounting
standard, FAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995. As provided for in the standard,
Williams will not adopt the recognition provisions and will provide the pro
forma net income and earnings-per-share disclosures required by the standard in
its 1996 annual financial statements.
 
     Williams currently follows Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." Under this standard, because the
exercise price of Williams' fixed plan common stock options equals the market
price of the underlying stock on the date of the grant, no compensation expense
is recognized.
 
NOTE 6. DIVIDENDS RECEIVED
 
     Cash dividends from subsidiaries and companies accounted for on an equity
basis are as follows: 1995 -- $1,110.2 million; 1994 -- $354.2 million; and
1993 -- $142.6 million.
 
NOTE 7. INCOME TAX AND INTEREST PAYMENTS
 
     Cash payments for income taxes are as follows: 1995 -- $326 million;
1994 -- $112 million; and 1993 -- $118 million.
 
     Cash payments for interest are as follows: 1995 -- $127.9 million;
1994 -- $90 million; and 1993 -- $96.6 million.
 
NOTE 8. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
     Disclosure of financial instruments for the parent company are included in
the consolidated disclosures. See Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
 
                                      F-50
<PAGE>   74
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
              SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS(A)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        ADDITIONS
                                                   --------------------
                                                   CHARGED
                                                   TO COSTS
                                      BEGINNING      AND                                          ENDING
                                       BALANCE     EXPENSES       OTHER       DEDUCTIONS(B)       BALANCE
                                      ---------    --------       -----       -------------       -------
                                                                  (MILLIONS)
<S>                                   <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>                 <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  1995..............................    $ 7.9        $3.8         $1.6 (c)        $ 2.0            $11.3
  1994..............................     10.2         4.2(d)        --              6.5(e)           7.9
  1993..............................     17.3          .5(f)        --              7.6             10.2
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(a) Deducted from related assets.
 
(b) Represents balances written off, net of recoveries and reclassifications.
 
(c) Relates primarily to acquisition of businesses.
 
(d) Excludes $5.7 million related to discontinued operations.
 
(e) Includes the discontinued operations beginning balance reclassification of
    $3.6 million.
 
(f) Includes $4.1 million reversal of amounts previously accrued.
 
                                      F-51
<PAGE>   75
 
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
     The information regarding the Directors and nominees for Director of
Williams required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is presented under the heading
"Election of Directors" in Williams' Proxy Statement prepared for the
solicitation of proxies in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
the Company for 1996 (the "Proxy Statement"), which information is incorporated
by reference herein. A copy of the Proxy Statement is filed as an exhibit to the
Form 10-K. Information regarding the executive officers of Williams is presented
following Item 4 herein, as permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
and Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K. Information required by Item
405 of Regulation S-K is included under the heading "Compliance with Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934" in the Proxy Statement, which
information is incorporated by reference herein.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
     The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K regarding executive
compensation is presented under the headings "Election of Directors" and
"Executive Compensation and Other Information" in the Proxy Statement, which
information is incorporated by reference herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the information provided under the headings "Compensation Committee Report on
Executive Compensation" and "Stockholder Return Performance Presentation" in the
Proxy Statement are not incorporated by reference herein. A copy of the Proxy
Statement is filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
     The information regarding the security ownership of certain beneficial
owners and management required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is presented under
the headings "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" in
the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated by reference herein. A
copy of the Proxy Statement is filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
     There is no information regarding certain relationships and related
transactions required by Item 404 of Regulation S-K to be reported in response
to this Item.
 
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
     (a) 1 and 2. The financial statements and schedules listed in the
accompanying index to consolidated financial statements are filed as part of
this annual report.
 
     (a) 3 and (c). The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this annual
report.
 
        Exhibit 2 --
 
             *(a) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 12, 1994,
        among Williams, WC Acquisition Corp. and Transco (filed as Exhibit
        (c)(1) to Schedule 14D-1, dated December 16, 1994).
 
             *(b) Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
        February 17, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 6 to Amendment No. 8 to Schedule
        13D, dated February 23, 1995).
 
          Exhibit 3 --
 
             *(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Williams (filed as
        Exhibit 4(a) to Form 8-B Registration Statement, filed August 20, 1987).
 
                                      F-52
<PAGE>   76
 
             *(b) Certificate of Designation with respect to the $2.21
        Cumulative Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration
        Statement on Form S-3, filed August 19, 1992).
 
             *(c) Certificate of Increase of Authorized Number of Shares of
        Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3(c) to
        Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1988).
 
             *(d) Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of
        Incorporation, dated May 20, 1994 (filed as Exhibit 3(d) to Form 10-K
        for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994).
 
             *(e) Certificate of Designation with respect to the $3.50
        Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the
        Prospectus and Information Statement to Amendment No. 2 to the
        Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed March 30, 1995).
 
              (f) Certificate of Increase of Authorized Number of Shares of
        Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
 
             *(g) Rights Agreement, dated as of February 6, 1996, between
        Williams and First Chicago Trust Company of New York (filed as Exhibit 4
        to Williams Form 8-K, filed January 24, 1996).
 
             *(h) By-laws of Williams (filed as Exhibit 3 to Form 10-Q for the
        quarter ended September 30, 1993).
 
          Exhibit 4 --
 
             *(a) Form of Senior Debt Indenture between the Company and Chemical
        Bank, Trustee, relating to the 10 1/4% Debentures, due 2020; the 9 3/8%
        Debentures, due 2021; the 8 1/4% Notes, due 1998; Medium-Term Notes
        (8.50%-9.31%), due 1996 through 2001; the 7 1/2% Notes, due 1999, and
        the 8 7/8% Debentures, due 2012 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-3
        Registration Statement No. 33-33294, filed February 2, 1990).
 
             *(b) U.S. $800,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23,
        1995, among Williams and certain of its subsidiaries and the banks named
        therein and Citibank, N.A., as agent (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Form 10-K
        for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994).
 
          Exhibit 10(iii) -- Compensatory Plans and Management Contracts
 
             *(a) The Williams Companies, Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan,
        effective as of January 1, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(c) to Form
        10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987).
 
             *(b) Form of Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 1990, between
        Williams and certain executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to
        Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989).
 
             *(c) Form of The Williams Companies, Inc. Change in Control
        Protection Plan between Williams and employees (filed as Exhibit
        10(iii)(e) to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1989).
 
             *(d) The Williams Companies, Inc. 1985 Stock Option Plan (filed as
        Exhibit A to Williams' Proxy Statement, dated March 13, 1985).
 
             *(e) The Williams Companies, Inc. 1988 Stock Option Plan for
        Non-Employee Directors (filed as Exhibit A to Williams' Proxy Statement,
        dated March 14, 1988).
 
             *(f) The Williams Companies, Inc. 1990 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit
        A to Williams' Proxy Statement, dated March 12, 1990).
 
              (g) The Williams Companies, Inc. Stock Plan for Non-Officer
        Employees.
 
             *(h) The Williams Companies, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (filed as Exhibit
        A to Williams' Proxy Statement, dated March 27, 1996).
 
             *(i) The Williams Companies, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan for Non-Employee
        Directors (filed as Exhibit B to Williams' Proxy Statement, dated March
        27, 1996).
 
                                      F-53
<PAGE>   77
 
             *(j) Indemnification Agreement, effective as of August 1, 1986,
        between Williams and members of the Board of Directors and certain
        officers of Williams (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(e) to Form 10-K for the
        year ended December 31, 1986).
 
        Exhibit 11 -- Computation of Earnings Per Common and Common-equivalent
                      Share.
 
        Exhibit 12 -- Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges
                      and Preferred Stock Dividend Requirements.
 
        Exhibit 20 -- Definitive Proxy Statement of Williams for 1996.
 
        Exhibit 21 -- Subsidiaries of the registrant.
 
        Exhibit 23 -- Consent of Independent Auditors.
 
        Exhibit 24 -- Power of Attorney together with certified resolution.
 
        Exhibit 27 -- Financial Data Schedule.
 
     (b) Reports on Form 8-K.
 
          No reports on Form 8-K were filed by Williams with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission during the fourth quarter of 1995.
 
     (d) The financial statements of partially-owned companies are not presented
herein since none of them individually, or in the aggregate, constitute a
significant subsidiary.

- ---------------
 
*   Each such exhibit has heretofore been filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission as part of the filing indicated and is incorporated herein by
    reference.
 
                                      F-54
<PAGE>   78
 
                                   SIGNATURES
 
     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.
 
                                            THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
                                                 (Registrant)
 

                                            By:     /s/  DAVID M. HIGBEE
                                                -----------------------------
                                                       David M. Higbee
                                                       Attorney-in-fact
Dated: March 27, 1996
 
     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THIS
REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF OF THE
REGISTRANT IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  SIGNATURE                                          TITLE
- ---------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
<C>                                              <S>
          /s/  KEITH E.  BAILEY*                  Chairman of the Board, President, Chief
- ---------------------------------------------      Executive Officer (Principal Executive
               Keith E. Bailey                     Officer) and Director


         /s/  JACK D. MCCARTHY*                  Senior Vice President -- Finance (Principal
- ---------------------------------------------      Financial Officer)
              Jack D. McCarthy                                       


          /s/  GARY R. BELITZ*                   Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)
- ---------------------------------------------                               
               Gary R. Belitz


        /s/  HAROLD W. ANDERSEN*                 Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
             Harold W. Andersen


          /s/  RALPH E. BAILEY*                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
               Ralph E. Bailey


           /s/  GLENN A. COX*                    Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
                Glenn A. Cox


       /s/  THOMAS H. CRUIKSHANK*                Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
            Thomas H. Cruikshank


          /s/  ERVIN S. DUGGAN*                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
               Ervin S. Duggan


        /s/  PATRICIA L. HIGGINS*                Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
             Patricia L. Higgins


        /s/  ROBERT J. LAFORTUNE*                Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
             Robert J. LaFortune


          /s/  JAMES C. LEWIS*                   Director
- ---------------------------------------------                               
               James C. Lewis
</TABLE>
 
                                      II-1
<PAGE>   79
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  SIGNATURE                                          TITLE
- ---------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------------
<C>                                              <S>
        /s/  JACK A. MACALLISTER*                                  Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             Jack A. MacAllister


         /s/  JAMES A. MCCLURE*                                    Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              James A. McClure


          /s/  PETER C. MEINIG*                                    Director
- ---------------------------------------------
               Peter C. Meinig


            /s/  KAY A. ORR*                                       Director
- ---------------------------------------------
                 Kay A. Orr


         /s/  GORDON R. PARKER*                                    Director
- ---------------------------------------------
              Gordon R. Parker


        /s/  JOSEPH H. WILLIAMS*                                   Director
- ---------------------------------------------
             Joseph H. Williams


*By       /s/  DAVID M. HIGBEE  
     ----------------------------------------
               David M. Higbee
              Attorney-in-fact
</TABLE>
 
Dated: March 27, 1996
 
                                      II-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(F)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF INCREASE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 3(f)

                               STATE OF DELAWARE

                      OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE

                      --------------------------------

                                      
         I, EDWARD J. FREEL, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO
HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF THE CERTIFICATE OF
DESIGNATION OF "THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.", FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE
SIXTH DAY OF FEBRUARY, A.D. 1996, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                     [SEAL]


                                     [SEAL]  /s/ EDWARD J. FREEL
                                             Edward J. Freel, Secretary of State

                                     AUTHENTICATION:                    7844820

                                     DATE                              02-28-96
<PAGE>   2
                        THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.

                           CERTIFICATE OF INCREASE
                       OF AUTHORIZED NUMBER OF SHARES
                             OF SERIES A JUNIOR
                        PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK
                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE
                       GENERAL CORPORATION LAW OF THE
                              STATE OF DELAWARE

         The Williams Companies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

         DOES HEREBY CERTIFY:

         FIRST: That the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of said
Corporation was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of Delaware on
April 27, 1987, and was filed for recording in the office of the Recorder of
Deeds of New Castle County, Delaware on April 27, 1987, and the Certificate of
the Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock was included in said Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

         SECOND: That a Certificate of Increase of Authorized Number of Shares
of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock was filed in the office of the
Secretary of State of Delaware on February 7, 1989, and was filed for recording
in the office of the Recorder of Deeds of New Castle County, Delaware on
February 7, 1989.

         THIRD: That the Board of Directors of said Corporation at a meeting
held on January 21, 1996, duly adopted a resolution authorizing and directing
an increase in the authorized number of shares of Series A Participating
Preferred Stock of the Corporation, from 400,000 shares to 1,200,000 shares.
<PAGE>   3
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said The Williams Companies, Inc. has caused this
certificate to be signed by Gary R. Belitz, its Controller and Chief
Accounting Officer, and attested by David M. Higbee, its Secretary, this 5th
day of February, 1996.


                                        THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.


CORPORATE SEAL                          BY:  /s/ GARY R. BELITZ
                                             --------------------------------
                                             Name:  Gary R. Belitz
                                             Title: Controller and
                                                    Chief Accounting Officer


ATTEST:

/s/ DAVID M. HIGBEE
- -----------------------------
Name:  David M. Higbee
Title: Secretary


                                      2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(III)(G)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PLAN FOR NON-OFFICER EMPLOYEES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                              EXHIBIT 10(iii)(g)

                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.

                      STOCK PLAN FOR NONOFFICER EMPLOYEES


         SECTION 1.  Purposes.

         1.01      The purposes of The Williams Companies, Inc. Stock Plan for
Nonofficer Employees (the "Plan"), are to enable The Williams Companies, Inc.
(together with any successor thereto, the "Company"), and its Affiliates to
attract and retain key employees, reward such employees for superior
performance and encourage such employees to increase their proprietary interest
in the Company in order to provide them with additional motivation to continue
in the Company's employ and to further its profitable growth.

         SECTION 2.  Definitions; Construction.

         2.01      Definitions.  In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in
the Plan, the following terms as used in the Plan shall have the following
meanings when used with initial capital letters:

                   2.01.1   "Affiliate" means any entity other than the Company
         in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, at least 20 percent
         of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of such entity or
         at least 20 percent of the ownership interests in such entity.

                   2.01.2   "Award" means any Option, Stock Appreciation Right,
         Restricted Stock, Deferred Stock, Performance Award, Dividend
         Equivalent, or Other Stock-Based Award, or any other right or interest
         relating to Shares or cash granted under the Plan.

                   2.01.3   "Award Agreement" means any written agreement,
         contract or other instrument or document evidencing an Award.

                   2.01.4   "Board" means the Company's Board of Directors.

                   2.01.5   "CEO" means the Chief Executive Officer of the
         Company as designated by the Board.

                   2.01.6   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
         amended from time to time.

                   2.01.7   "Deferred Stock" means shares granted under Section
         6.05 hereof, receipt of which is deferred for a specified deferral
         period.

                   2.01.8   "Disability" means total and permanent disability
         as defined under the Company's consolidated pension plan.
<PAGE>   2
                   2.01.9   "Dividend Equivalent" means a right, granted under
         Section 6.07 hereof, to receive interest or dividends, or interest or
         dividend equivalents.

                   2.01.10  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of
         1934, as amended.

                   2.01.11  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, with
         respect to Shares at any time that Shares are listed on the New York
         Stock Exchange, the mean between the highest and lowest selling prices
         in the consolidated transaction reporting system as of that date or
         nearest preceding date on which a sale was reported; provided,
         however, if in a given case the Fair Market Value of Shares is not an
         even multiple of one dollar, such Fair Market Value may be rounded up
         or down to a whole number if specified by the CEO; and, with respect
         to Shares at any time that Shares are not listed on the New York Stock
         Exchange, or property other than Shares, the Fair Market Value of such
         Shares or other property determined by such methods or procedures as
         shall be established from time to time by the CEO.

                   2.01.12  "Option" means a right, granted under Section 6.02
         hereof, to purchase Shares or other Awards at a specified price during
         specified time periods.

                   2.01.13  "Other Stock-Based Awards" means a right, granted
         under Section 6.08 hereof, that relates to or is valued by reference
         to Shares or other Awards relating to Shares.

                   2.01.14  "Participant" means a key employee of the Company
         or any Affiliate granted an Award under the Plan.

                   2.01.15  "Performance Award" means a right, granted under
         Section 6.06 hereof, to receive Awards based upon performance criteria
         specified by the CEO.

                   2.01.16  "Person" shall have the meaning assigned in the
         Exchange Act.

                   2.01.17  "Restricted Stock" means Shares, granted under
         Section 6.04 hereof, that are subject to certain restrictions.

                   2.01.18  "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3, as amended from time
         to time, or any successor to such Rule promulgated by the Securities
         and Exchange Commission under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

                   2.01.19  "Shares" means the Common Stock of the Company,
         $1.00 par value, and such other securities of the Company as may be
         substituted for Shares pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof.





                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
                   2.01.20  "Stock Appreciation Right" means a right, granted
         under Section 6.03 hereof, to be paid an amount measured by the
         appreciation in the Fair Market Value of Shares from the date of grant
         to the date of exercise.

         Definitions of the terms "Change of Control," "Change of Control
Price," "Potential Change of Control," "Related Party" and "Voting Securities"
are set forth in Section 9.03 hereof.

         2.02      Construction.  For purposes of the Plan, the following rules
of construction shall apply:

                   2.02.1   The word "or" is disjunctive but not necessarily
         exclusive.

                   2.02.2   Words in the singular include the plural; words in
         the plural include the singular; and words in the neuter gender
         include the masculine and feminine genders and words in the masculine
         or feminine gender include the other and neuter genders.

         SECTION 3.  Administration.

         3.01      The Plan shall be administered by the CEO.  The CEO shall
have full and final authority to take the following actions, in each case
subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan:

            (i)    to designate Participants;

           (ii)    to determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to
                   each Participant;

          (iii)    to determine the number of Awards to be granted, the number
                   of Shares or amount of cash or other property to which an
                   Award will relate, the terms and conditions of any Award
                   (including, but not limited to, any exercise price, grant
                   price or purchase price, any limitation or restriction, any
                   schedule for lapse of limitations, forfeiture restrictions
                   or restrictions on exercisability or transferability, and
                   accelerations or waivers thereof, based in each case on such
                   considerations as the CEO shall determine), and all other
                   matters to be determined in connection with an Award;

           (iv)    to determine whether, to what extent and under what
                   circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise
                   price of an Award may be paid in, cash, Shares, other Awards
                   or other property, or an Award may be accelerated, vested,
                   canceled, forfeited, exchanged or surrendered;





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
            (v)    to determine whether, to what extent and under what
                   circumstances cash, Shares, other Awards, other property and
                   other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be
                   deferred either at the election of the CEO or at the
                   election of the Participant;

           (vi)    to prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need
                   not be identical for each Participant;

          (vii)    to adopt, amend, suspend, waive and rescind such rules and
                   regulations and appoint such agents as the CEO may deem
                   necessary or advisable to administer the Plan;

         (viii)    to correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile
                   any inconsistency, and to construe and interpret the Plan,
                   the rules and regulations, any Award Agreement or other
                   instrument entered into or relating to an Award made under
                   the Plan; and

           (ix)    to make all other decisions and determinations as may be
                   required under the terms of the Plan or as the CEO may deem
                   necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.

         Any action of the CEO with respect to the Plan shall be final,
conclusive and binding on all Persons, including the Company, Affiliates,
Participants, any Person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any
Participant, and stockholders.  The express grant of any specific power to the
CEO, and the taking of any action by the CEO, shall not be construed as
limiting any power or authority of the CEO.  The CEO may delegate to officers
or managers of the Company or of any Affiliate the authority, subject to such
terms as the CEO shall determine, to take such actions and perform such
functions under the Plan as the CEO may specify, including, but not limited to,
administrative functions.  The CEO shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or
act upon any report or other information furnished to him by any officer,
manager or other employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the Company's
independent certified public accountants, or any executive compensation
consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the
administration of the Plan.  Any and all powers, authorizations and discretions
granted by the Plan to the CEO shall likewise be exercisable at any time by the
Board.


         SECTION 4.  Shares Subject to the Plan.

Subject to.adjustment as provided in Section 8.01 hereof, the total number of
Shares reserved and available for distribution under the Plan shall be four
million (4,000,000) Shares.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
         For purposes of this Section 4.01, the number of Shares to which an
Award relates shall be counted against the number of Shares reserved and
available under the Plan at the time of grant of the Award, unless such number
of Shares cannot be determined at that time, in which case the number of Shares
actually distributed pursuant to the Award shall be counted against the number
of Shares reserved and available under the Plan at the time of distribution;
provided, however, that Awards related to or retroactively added to, or granted
in tandem with, substituted for or converted into, other Awards shall be
counted or not counted against the number of Shares reserved and available
under the Plan in accordance with procedures adopted by the CEO so as to ensure
appropriate counting but avoid double counting; and, provided further, that the
number of Shares deemed to be issued under the Plan upon exercise of an Option
or an Other Stock-Based Award in the nature of a stock purchase right shall be
reduced by the number of Shares surrendered by the Participant in payment of
the exercise or purchase price of the Award.

         If any Shares to which an Award relates are forfeited, or payment is
made to the Participant in the form of cash, cash equivalents or other property
other than Shares, or the Award otherwise terminates without payment being made
to the Participant in the form of Shares, any Shares counted against the number
of Shares reserved and available under the Plan with respect to such Award
shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, alternative payment or
termination, again be available for Awards under the Plan.  Any Shares
distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of
authorized and unissued Shares or of treasury Shares, including Shares
repurchased by the Company for purposes of the Plan; provided, however, that
if, at the time Shares are to be distributed under the Plan to a Participant
(including upon exercise of an Option), the Shares are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange and such Participant is a "director" or "officer" of the Company
within the meaning of Sections 312.03 and 703.09 of the Listed Company Manual
of the New York Stock Exchange, such that the Participant's acquisition of
Stock originally issued by the Company would be subject to the requirement of
stockholder approval under applicable Exchange rules, the Shares to be
distributed to such Participant shall consist only of treasury Shares then held
by the Company.  The Company shall use its best efforts to obtain and have
available, at any time that the such treasury Shares are required to be
distributed in connection with an Award, a sufficient number of treasury
Shares, not reserved for other uses, to be able to make prompt delivery in
connection with any such Award.

         SECTION 5.  Eligibility.

         5.01      Awards may be granted only to individuals who are key
employees of the Company or any Affiliate, excluding employees who are
directors or officers of the Company.  However, the Plan has not been approved
by the stockholders of the Company.  Accordingly,





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
participation in the Plan is limited to key employees who may participate
consistent with the stockholder approval requirements of the New York Stock
Exchange or any other exchange on which the Shares may be listed.  No Awards
shall be paid and no Shares shall be distributed with respect to any Award, nor
shall any other action be taken under the terms of the Plan that would be in
violation of any applicable stockholder approval requirement and any actions
taken contrary thereto shall be deemed null and void and of no effect.

         SECTION 6.  Specific Terms of Awards.

         6.01      General.  Subject to the terms of the Plan and any
applicable Award Agreement, awards may be issued as set forth in this Section
6.  In addition, the CEO may impose on any Award or the exercise thereof, at
the date of grant or thereafter (subject to the terms of Section 10.01), such
additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the
Plan, as the CEO shall determine, including terms requiring forfeiture of
Awards in the event of termination of employment by the Participant. Except as
provided in Section 7.01, Awards shall be granted for no consideration other
than prior and future services.

         6.02      Options.  The CEO is authorized to grant Options to
Participants on the following terms and conditions:

         (i)       Exercise Price.  The exercise price per Share of an Option
                   shall be determined by the CEO; provided, however, that,
                   except as provided in Section 7.01, such exercise price
                   shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on
                   the date of grant of such Option and in no event shall be
                   less than the par value of a Share.

         (ii)      Option Term.  The term of each Option shall be determined by
                   the CEO.

         (iii)     Methods of Exercise.  The CEO shall determine the time or
                   times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in
                   part, the methods by which such exercise price may be paid
                   or deemed to be paid, and the form of such payment,
                   including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other
                   outstanding Awards or other property (including notes or
                   other contractual obligations of Participants to make
                   payment on a deferred basis, to the extent permitted by
                   law).

         6.03      Stock Appreciation Rights.  The CEO is authorized to grant
Stock Appreciation Rights to Participants on the following terms and
conditions:





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
         (i)       Right to Payment.  A Stock Appreciation Right shall confer
                   on the Participant to whom it is granted a right to receive,
                   upon exercise thereof, the excess of (i) the Fair Market
                   Value of a Share on the date of exercise or, if the CEO
                   shall so determine in the case of any such right, at any
                   time during a specified period before or after the date of
                   exercise, over (ii) the grant price of the Stock
                   Appreciation Right as determined by the CEO as of the date
                   of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right, which, except as
                   provided in Section 7.01, shall not be less than the Fair
                   Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.

         (ii)      Other Terms.  The term, methods of exercise, methods of
                   settlement and any other terms and conditions of any Stock
                   Appreciation Right shall be determined by the CEO at grant
                   or thereafter.

         6.04      Restricted Stock. The CEO is authorized to grant Restricted
Stock to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

         (i)       Issuance and Restrictions.  Restricted Stock shall be
                   subject to such restrictions on transferability and other
                   restrictions as the CEO may impose (including, without
                   limitation, limitations on the right to vote Restricted
                   Stock or the right to receive dividends thereon), which
                   restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such
                   times, in such installments or otherwise, as the CEO shall
                   determine at the time of grant or thereafter.

         (ii)      Forfeiture.  Except as otherwise determined by the CEO at
                   the time of grant or thereafter, upon termination of
                   employment (as determined under criteria established by the
                   CEO) during the applicable restriction period, Restricted
                   Stock that is at that time subject to restrictions shall be
                   forfeited and reacquired by the Company; provided, however,
                   that the CEO may provide, by rule or regulation or in any
                   Award Agreement, that restrictions on Restricted Stock shall
                   be waived in whole or in part in the event of terminations
                   resulting from specified causes, and the CEO may in other
                   cases waive in whole or in part restrictions on Restricted
                   Stock.

         (iii)     Certificates for Shares.  Restricted Stock granted under the
                   Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the CEO shall
                   determine, including, without limitation, issuance of
                   certificates representing Shares.  Certificates representing
                   Shares of Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name
                   of the Participant and





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
                   shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms,
                   conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted
                   Stock.

         6.05      Deferred Stock.  The CEO is authorized to grant Deferred
Stock to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

         (i)       Issuance and Limitations.  Delivery of Shares shall occur
                   upon expiration of the deferral period specified for the
                   Award of Deferred Stock by the CEO.  In addition, an Award
                   of Deferred Stock shall be subject to such limitations as
                   the CEO may impose, which limitations may lapse at the
                   expiration of the deferral period or at other specified
                   times, separately or in combination, in installments or
                   otherwise, as the CEO shall determine at the time of grant
                   or thereafter.  A Participant awarded Deferred Stock shall
                   have no voting rights and shall have no rights to receive
                   dividends in respect of Deferred Stock, unless and only to
                   the extent that the CEO shall award Dividend Equivalents in
                   respect of such Deferred Stock.

         (ii)      Forfeiture.  Except as otherwise determined by the CEO at
                   the time of grant or thereafter, upon termination of
                   employment (as determined under criteria established by the
                   CEO) during the applicable deferral period, Deferred Stock
                   that is at that time subject to deferral (other than a
                   deferral at the election of the Participant) shall be
                   forfeited; provided, however, that the CEO may provide, by
                   rule or regulation or in any Award Agreement, that
                   forfeiture of Deferred Stock shall be waived in whole or in
                   part in the event of terminations resulting from specified
                   causes, and the CEO may in other cases waive in whole or in
                   part the forfeiture of Deferred Stock.

         6.06      Performance Awards.  The CEO is authorized to grant
Performance Awards to Participants on the following terms and conditions:

         (i)       Right to Payment.  A Performance Award shall confer upon
                   Participant rights, valued as determined by the CEO, and
                   payable to, or exercisable by, the Participant to whom the
                   Performance Award is granted, in whole or in part, as the
                   CEO shall establish at grant or thereafter.  The performance
                   criteria and all other terms and conditions of the
                   Performance Award shall be determined by the CEO upon the
                   grant of each Performance Award or thereafter.

         (ii)      Other Terms.  A Performance Award may be denominated or
                   payable in cash, deferred cash, Shares, other Awards or





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9
                   other property, and other terms of Performance Awards shall
                   be, as determined by the CEO.

         6.07      Dividend Equivalents.  The CEO is authorized to grant
Dividend Equivalents to Participants.  Dividend Equivalents shall confer upon
the Participant's rights to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, interest
or dividends, or interest or dividend equivalents, with respect to a number of
Shares or otherwise as determined by the CEO.  The CEO may provide that
Dividend Equivalents shall be paid or distributed when accrued or shall be
deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or additional Awards or
otherwise reinvested.

         6.08      Other Stock-Based Awards.  The CEO is authorized, subject to
limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants such other Awards
that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to,
or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares, as deemed by the CEO to be
consistent with the purposes of the Plan including, without limitation,
purchase rights, Shares awarded which are not subject to any restrictions or
conditions, convertible debentures, convertible preferred stock, exchangeable
securities or other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, Awards
valued by reference to the value of securities of or the performance of
specified Affiliates, and Awards payable in securities of Affiliates.  The CEO
shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards.  Except as provided in
Section 7.01, Shares or securities delivered pursuant to a purchase right
granted under this Section 6.08 shall be purchased for such consideration, paid
for by such methods and in such forms, including, without limitation, cash,
Shares, outstanding Awards or other property, as the CEO shall determine, the
value of which consideration shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant of such purchase right and in no event shall be less
than the par value of a Share.

         6.09      Exchange Provisions.  The CEO may at any time offer to
exchange or buy out any previously granted Award for a payment in cash, Shares,
another Award or other property, based on such terms and conditions as the CEO
shall determine and communicate to the Participant at the time that such offer
is made.

         SECTION 7.  General Terms of Awards.

         7.01      Stand-Alone, Tandem and Substitute Awards.  Awards granted
under the Plan may, in the discretion of the CEO, be granted either alone or in
addition to, in tandem with or in substitution for, any other Award granted
under the Plan or any award granted under The Williams Companies, Inc. 1990
Stock Plan, or any other plan of the Company or any Affiliate (subject to the
terms of Section 10.01).  If an Award is granted in substitution for another
Award or award, the CEO shall require the surrender of such other Award or
award in consideration for the grant of the new





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10
Award.  Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards or awards
may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant
of such other Awards or awards.  The exercise price of any Option, the grant
price of any Stock Appreciation Right or the purchase price of any other Award
conferring a right to purchase Shares:

         (i)       granted in substitution for an outstanding Award or award
                   shall either be not less than the Fair Market Value of
                   Shares at the date such substitute Award is granted or not
                   less than such Fair Market Value at that date reduced to
                   reflect the Fair Market Value of the Award or award required
                   to be surrendered by the Participant as a condition to
                   receipt of a substitute Award; or

         (ii)      retroactively granted in tandem with an outstanding Award or
                   award shall be either not less than the Fair Market Value of
                   Shares at the date of grant of the later Award or the Fair
                   Market Value of Shares at the date of grant of the earlier
                   Award or award.

         7.02      Term of Awards.  The term of each Award shall be for such
period as may be determined by the CEO.

         7.03      Form of Payment of Awards.  Subject to the terms of the Plan
and any applicable Award Agreement, payments or substitutions to be made by the
Company or an Affiliate upon the grant or exercise of an Award may be made in
such forms as the CEO shall determine at the time of grant or thereafter
(subject to the terms of Section 10.01), including, without limitation, cash,
Shares, other Awards or other property, and may be made in a single payment or
substitution, in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in
accordance with rules and procedures established by the CEO.  Such rules and
procedures may include, without limitation, provisions for the payment or
crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the
grant or crediting of Dividend Equivalents in respect of installment or
deferred payments.

         7.04      Limits on Transfer of Awards; Beneficiaries.  No right or
interest of a Participant in, or relating to, any Award shall be pledged,
encumbered or hypothecated to or in favor of any Person other than the Company
or an Affiliate, or shall be subject to any lien, obligation or liability of
such Participant to any Person other than the Company or an Affiliate.  Unless
otherwise determined by the CEO (consistent with the requirements for
registration of offers and sales of Shares under the Plan with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on a registration statement on Form S-8, as then in
effect, or such other such registration form as may then be available), no
Award subject to any restriction or limitation, including any right relating
thereto, shall be





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11
assignable or transferable by a Participant otherwise than by will or the laws
of descent and distribution except to the Company or any Affiliate under the
terms of the Plan; provided, however, that, if so determined by the CEO, a
Participant may, in the manner established by the CEO, designate a beneficiary
or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of the Participant, and to receive any
distribution with respect to any Award, upon the death of the Participant.  A
beneficiary, guardian, legal representative or other Person claiming any rights
under the Plan from or through any Participant shall be subject to all the
terms and conditions of the Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to such
Participant as well as any additional restrictions or limitations deemed
necessary or appropriate by the CEO.

         7.05      Registration and Listing Compliance.  The Company shall have
no obligation to make any payment or distribute Shares with respect to any
Award in a transaction subject to the registration requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws or subject to
a listing requirement under any listing agreement between the Company and any
national securities exchange, and no Award shall confer upon any Participant's
rights to such delivery or distribution, until such laws and contractual
obligations of the Company have been complied within all material respects.

         7.06      Stock Certificates.  All certificates for Shares delivered
under the terms of the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and
other restrictions as the CEO may deem advisable under federal or state
securities laws, rules and regulations thereunder, and the rules of any
national securities exchange or automated quotation system on which Shares are
listed or quoted.  The CEO may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any
such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or any
other restrictions or limitations that may be applicable to Shares.  In
addition, during any period in which Awards or Shares are subject to
restrictions or limitations under the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement,
or during any period during which delivery or receipt of an Award or Shares has
been deferred by the CEO or a Participant, the CEO may require any Participant
to enter into an agreement providing that certificates representing Shares
issuable or issued pursuant to an Award shall remain in the physical custody of
the Company or such other Person as the CEO may designate.

         SECTION 8.         Adjustment Provisions.

         8.01      In the event that the CEO shall determine that any dividend
or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or
other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination,
repurchase, exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12
similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that an
adjustment is determined by the CEO to be appropriate in order to prevent
dilution or enlargement of Participants' rights under the Plan, then the CEO
shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the
number and kind of Shares which may thereafter be issued in connection with
Awards; (ii) the number and kind of Shares issued or issuable in respect of
outstanding Awards; and (iii) the exercise price, grant price or purchase price
relating to any Award or, if deemed appropriate, make provision for a cash
payment with respect to any outstanding Award.  In addition, the CEO is
authorized to make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria
in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without
limitation, events described in the preceding sentence) affecting the Company
or any Affiliate or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate,
or in response to changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting
principles.

         SECTION 9.         Change of Control Provisions.

         9.01      Acceleration of Exercisability and Lapse of Restrictions.
In the event of a Change of Control, the following acceleration provisions
shall apply, except that prior to a Change of Control occurring or a Potential
Change of Control arising or after such has arisen but is no longer continuing,
the Board may, without the consent of Participants, waive the application of
this Section 9 with respect to any transaction that would otherwise constitute
a Change of Control or a Potential Change of Control hereunder.  All
outstanding Awards pursuant to which the Participant may have rights the
exercise of which is restricted or limited, shall become fully exercisable,
unless the right to lapse of restrictions or limitations is waived or deferred
by a Participant prior to such lapse, all restrictions or limitations
(including risks of forfeiture) on outstanding Awards subject to restrictions
or limitations under the Plan shall lapse; and all performance criteria and
other conditions to payment of Awards under which payments of cash, Shares or
other property are subject to conditions shall be deemed to be achieved or
fulfilled and shall be waived by the Company.

         9.02      Creation and Funding of Trust.  Upon the earlier of the
occurrence of a Potential Change of Control unless the Board or a committee
thereof adopts a resolution within ten business days following the date the
Potential Change of Control arises to the effect that such action is not
necessary to secure any payments hereunder, or a Change of Control, the Company
shall deposit with the trustee of a trust for the benefit of Participants
monies or other property having a Fair Market Value at least equal to the value
of cash, Shares and other property to be paid or distributed in connection with
Awards outstanding at that date.  The trust shall be a grantor trust which
shall preserve the "unfunded" status of Awards under the Plan, and shall
contain other terms and





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13
conditions substantially as specified for trusts authorized under the Company's
employment agreements with executives.  Subsequent to a Potential Change of
Control which is no longer continuing and prior to a Change of Control and
termination of the trust, upon the request of the Company, the trustee shall
deliver the monies or other property held in the trust to the Company.

         9.03      Definition of Certain Terms.  For purposes of this Section
9, the following definitions, in addition to those set forth in Section 2.01,
shall apply:

                   9.03.1   "Change of Control" means and shall be deemed to
have occurred if (i) any Person, other than the Company or a Related Party, is
or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act), directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities representing 20 percent or
more of the total voting power of all the then outstanding Voting Securities;
or (ii) a Person, other than the Company or a Related Party, purchases or
otherwise acquires, under a tender offer, Voting Securities representing, when
combined with other Voting Securities owned by such Person, 20 percent or more
of the total voting power of all the then outstanding Voting Securities; or
(iii) the individuals (a) who as of the effective date of the Plan constitute
the Board or (b) who thereafter are elected to the Board and whose election, or
nomination for election, to the Board was approved by a vote of at least
two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors as
of the effective date of the Plan or whose election or nomination for election
was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority of
the members of the Board, or (iv) the stockholders of the Company approve a
merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of the Company or an
acquisition of securities or assets by the Company, or consummation of any such
transaction if stockholder approval is not obtained (other than any such
transaction which would result in the Voting Securities outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent either by remaining outstanding or by
being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity, at least 80
percent of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of such
surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction and in or as a
result of which the voting rights of each Voting Security relative to the
voting rights of all other Voting Securities are not altered); or (v) the
stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or
substantially all of the Company's assets other than any such transaction which
would result in a Related Party owning or acquiring more than 50 percent of the
assets owned by the Company immediately prior to the transaction; or (vi) the
Board or a committee thereof adopts a resolution to the effect that a Change of
Control has occurred or adopts a resolution to the effect that a Potential
Change of Control has arisen and the transaction giving rise to such resolution
has been thereafter approved by the





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14
stockholders of the Company or been consummated if such approval is not sought.

                   9.03.2   "Potential Change of Control" means and shall be
deemed to have arisen if (i) the Company enters into an agreement, the
consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change of Control; or
(ii) any Person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take
or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change of
Control; or (iii) any Person, other than a Related Party, files with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a Schedule 13D pursuant to Rule 13d-1 under
the Exchange Act with respect to Voting Securities; or (iv) any Person, other
than the Company or a Related Party, files with the Federal Trade Commission a
notification and report form pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976 with respect to any Voting Securities or a major
portion of the assets of the Company; or (v) the Board or a committee thereof
adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of the Plan, a Potential
Change of Control has arisen.  A Potential Change of Control will be deemed to
continue (i) with respect to an agreement within the purview of clause (i) of
the preceding sentence, until the agreement is canceled or terminated; or (ii)
with respect to an announcement within the purview of clause (ii) of the
preceding sentence, until the Person making the announcement publicly abandons
the stated intention or fails to act on such intention for a period of 12
calendar months; or (iii) with respect to either the filing of a Schedule 13D
within the purview of clause (iii) of the preceding sentence or the filing of a
notification and report form within the purview of clause (iv) of the preceding
sentence with respect to Voting Securities, until the Person involved publicly
announces that its ownership or acquisition of the Voting Securities is for
investment purposes only and not for the purpose of seeking a Change of Control
or such Person disposes of the Voting Securities or assets; or (iv) with
respect to any Potential Change of Control, until a Change of Control has
occurred or the Board or a committee thereof, on reasonable belief after due
investigation, adopts a resolution that the Potential Change of Control has
ceased to exist.

                   9.03.3   "Related Party" means (i) a majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company; or (ii) an employee or group of employees of the
Company or any majority-owned subsidiary of the Company; or (iii) a trustee or
other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the
Company or any majority-owned subsidiary of the Company; or (iv) a corporation
owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportion as their ownership of Voting Securities.

                   9.03.4   "Voting Securities or Security" means any
securities of the Company which carry the right to vote generally in the
election of directors.





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15
         SECTION 10.  Amendments to and Termination of the Plan.

         10.01     The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or
terminate the Plan without the consent of stockholders or Participants;
provided, however, that, without the consent of a Participant, no amendment,
alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination of the Plan may
materially and adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any Award
theretofore granted to him.  The CEO may waive any conditions or rights under,
amend any terms of, or amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any
Award theretofore granted, prospectively or retrospectively; provided, however,
that, without the consent of a Participant, no amendment, alteration,
suspension, discontinuation or termination of any Award may materially and
adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any Award theretofore
granted to him.

         Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan shall terminate when
no Shares remain reserved and available for issuance and the Company has no
further obligation with respect to any Award granted under the Plan.

         SECTION 11.  General Provisions.

         11.01     No Rights to Awards; No Stockholder Rights.  No Participant
or employee shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and
there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants and
employees, except as provided in any other compensation arrangement.  No Award
shall confer on any Participant any of the rights of a stockholder of the
Company unless and until Shares are in fact issued to such Participant in
connection with such Award.

         11.02     Withholding.  The Company or any Affiliate is authorized to
withhold from any Award granted or any payment due under the Plan, including
from a distribution of Shares, amounts of withholding taxes due with respect to
an Award, its exercise or any payment thereunder, and to take such other action
as the CEO may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company and
Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of such taxes.  This
authority shall include authority to withhold or receive Shares, Awards or
other property and to make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of
such tax obligations.

         11.03     No Right to Employment.  Nothing contained in the Plan or
any Award Agreement shall confer, and no grant of an Award shall be construed
as conferring, upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the
Company or any Affiliate or to interfere in any way with the right of the
Company or any Affiliate to terminate his employment at any time or increase or
decrease his compensation from the rate in existence at the time of granting of
an Award, except as provided in any other compensation arrangement.





                                      -15-
<PAGE>   16
         11.04     Unfunded Status of Awards; Creation of Trusts.  The Plan is
intended to constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred
compensation.  With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant
pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award shall give any
such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor
of the Company; provided, however, that, in addition to the requirements of
Section 9.02, the CEO may authorize the creation of trusts or make other
arrangements to meet the Company's obligations under the Plan to deliver cash,
Shares or other property pursuant to any Award, which trusts or other
arrangements shall be consistent with the "unfunded" status of the Plan unless
the CEO otherwise determines.

         11.05     No Limit on Other Compensatory Arrangements.  Nothing
contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Affiliate from adopting
other or additional compensation arrangements (which may include, without
limitation, employment agreements with executives and arrangements which relate
to Awards under the Plan), and such arrangements may be either generally
applicable or applicable only in specific cases.  Notwithstanding anything in
the Plan to the contrary, the terms of each Award shall be construed so as to
be consistent with such other arrangements in effect at the time of the Award.

         11.06     No Fractional Shares.  No fractional Shares shall be issued
or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award.  The CEO shall determine
whether cash, other Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of
fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall
be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

         11.07     Governing Law.  The validity, interpretation, construc-tion
and effect of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall
be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to the
conflicts of laws thereof), and applicable federal law.

         11.08     Severability.  If any provision of the Plan is or becomes or
is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would
disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the CEO,
such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable
laws or if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the
determination of the CEO, materially altering the intent of the Plan, it shall
be deleted and the remainder of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect;
provided, however, that, unless otherwise determined by the CEO, the provision
shall not be construed or deemed amended or deleted with respect to any
Participant whose rights and obligations under the Plan are not subject to the
law of such jurisdiction or the law deemed applicable by the CEO.





                                      -16-
<PAGE>   17
         SECTION 12.  Effective Date.

         12.01     The Plan shall become effective as of January 19, 1995.


                                            THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.


                                        By      /s/ John C. Fischer     
                                            -----------------------------
                                                  John C. Fischer
                                                  Vice President


                                      -17-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                       COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON
                          AND COMMON-EQUIVALENT SHARE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                     ------------------------------------
                                                                        1995          1994         1993
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
<S>                                                                  <C>            <C>          <C>
                                                                         (THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE
                                                                                   AMOUNTS)
Primary earnings:
  Income from continuing operations................................  $  299,400     $164,900     $185,400
  Preferred stock dividends:
     $2.21 cumulative preferred stock..............................       6,000        8,800        8,900
     $3.875 cumulative convertible exchangeable preferred stock....          --           --        2,900
     $3.50 cumulative convertible preferred stock..................       5,800           --           --
     Effect of preferred stock exchange............................       3,500           --           --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income from continuing operations, net of preferred stock
     dividends.....................................................     284,100      156,100      173,600
  Income from discontinued operations..............................   1,018,800       94,000       46,400
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income before extraordinary loss, net of preferred stock
     dividends.....................................................   1,302,900      250,100      220,000
  Extraordinary loss...............................................          --      (12,200)          --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income applicable to common stock................................  $1,302,900     $237,900     $220,000
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
Primary shares:
  Average number of common shares outstanding during the period....      98,713      101,235       98,735
  Common-equivalent shares attributable to options and deferred
     stock.........................................................       3,333        1,235        1,176
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Total common and common-equivalent shares........................     102,046      102,470       99,911
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
Primary earnings per common and common-equivalent share:
  Income from continuing operations................................  $     2.78     $   1.52     $   1.74
  Income from discontinued operations..............................        9.99          .92          .46
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income before extraordinary loss.................................       12.77         2.44         2.20
  Extraordinary loss...............................................          --         (.12)          --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
          Net income...............................................  $    12.77     $   2.32     $   2.20
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
Fully diluted earnings:
  Income from continuing operations................................  $  299,400     $164,900     $185,400
  Preferred stock dividends:
     $2.21 cumulative preferred stock..............................       6,000        8,800        8,900
     Effect of preferred stock exchange............................       3,500           --           --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income from continuing operations, net of preferred stock
     dividends.....................................................     289,900      156,100      176,500
  Income from discontinued operations..............................   1,018,800       94,000       46,400
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income before extraordinary loss, net of preferred stock
     dividends.....................................................   1,308,700      250,100      222,900
  Extraordinary loss...............................................          --      (12,200)          --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income applicable to common stock................................  $1,308,700     $237,900     $222,900
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
Fully diluted shares:
  Average number of common shares outstanding during the period....      98,713      101,235       98,735
  Common-equivalent shares attributable to options and deferred
     stock.........................................................       3,518        1,267        1,318
  Shares attributable to conversion, assumed at January 1, 1993 to
     the conversion dates, of convertible exchangeable preferred
     stock.........................................................          --           --        3,118
  Dilutive preferred shares........................................       2,622           --           --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Total common and common-equivalent shares........................     104,853      102,502      103,171
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
Fully diluted earnings per common and common-equivalent share:
  Income from continuing operations................................  $     2.76     $   1.52     $   1.71
  Income from discontinued operations..............................        9.72          .92          .45
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
  Income before extraordinary loss.................................       12.48         2.44         2.16
  Extraordinary loss...............................................          --         (.12)          --
                                                                     ----------     --------     --------
          Net income...............................................  $    12.48     $   2.32     $   2.16
                                                                     ==========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 12
 
                 THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
           COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
                   AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDEND REQUIREMENTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------
                                                        1995      1994      1993      1992      1991
                                                       ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Earnings:
  Income from continuing operations before income
     taxes..........................................   $401.4    $246.6    $298.0    $145.5    $ 93.1
  Add:
     Interest expense -- net........................    263.4     139.8     140.8     136.5     134.2
     Rental expense representative of interest
       factor.......................................     26.9       9.2       8.1       8.3       5.3
     Preferred dividends of subsidiaries............      3.7        --        --        .3        .8
     Interest accrued -- 50% owned company..........     30.7      31.7      31.3      27.3      10.3
     Minority interest expense......................     10.0        --        --        --        --
     Other..........................................      5.5       2.0       4.1        .4        .9
                                                       ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
          Total earnings as adjusted plus fixed
            charges.................................   $741.6    $429.3    $482.3    $318.3    $244.6
                                                       ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
Combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividend
  requirements:
  Interest expense -- net...........................   $263.4    $139.8    $140.8    $136.5    $134.2
  Capitalized interest..............................     14.5       6.0      10.4       8.9       4.7
  Rental expense representative of interest
     factor.........................................     26.9       9.2       8.1       8.3       5.3
  Pretax effect of dividends on preferred stock of
     the Company....................................     18.0      13.1      19.1      19.4      15.9
  Pretax effect of dividends on preferred stock of
     subsidiaries...................................      5.8        --        --        .4       1.2
  Interest accrued -- 50% owned company.............     30.7      31.7      31.3      27.3      10.3
                                                       ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
          Combined fixed charges and preferred stock
            dividend requirements...................   $359.3    $199.8    $209.7    $200.8    $171.6
                                                       ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
Ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and
  preferred stock dividend requirements.............     2.06      2.15      2.30      1.59      1.43
                                                       ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-20
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                                                            LOGO
 
KEITH E. BAILEY, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD,
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 
To the Stockholders of The Williams Companies, Inc.:
 
     You are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
The Williams Companies, Inc. to be held on Thursday, May 16, 1996, in the Adam's
Mark Hotel, 100 East 2nd Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma, commencing at 11 a.m., local
time. We look forward to greeting personally as many of our stockholders as
possible at the meeting.
 
     The Notice of the Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement accompanying this
letter provide information concerning matters to be considered and acted upon at
the meeting. A report on the operations of the Company will be presented at the
meeting, followed by a question-and-answer and discussion period.
 
     We know that most of our stockholders are unable personally to attend the
Annual Meeting. Proxies are solicited so that each stockholder has an
opportunity to vote on all matters that are scheduled to come before the
meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, please take a few minutes now to
sign, date and return your proxy in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.
Regardless of the number of shares you own, your vote is important.
 
     Thank you for your continued interest in the Company.
 
                                            Very truly yours,
 
                                            /s/ KEITH E. BAILEY
 
                                            Keith E. Bailey
 
Enclosures
March 27, 1996
<PAGE>   2
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
                              ONE WILLIAMS CENTER
                             TULSA, OKLAHOMA 74172
 
                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
 
                                  MAY 16, 1996
 
To the Stockholders of
  The Williams Companies, Inc.
 
     NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of The
Williams Companies, Inc. will be held in the Adam's Mark Hotel, 100 East 2nd
Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Thursday, May 16, 1996, at 11 a.m., local time, for
the following purposes:
 
          1. To elect four directors of the Company;
 
          2. To consider and act upon a proposal to approve the 1996 Stock Plan;
 
          3. To consider and act upon a proposal to approve the 1996 Stock Plan
     for Non-Employee Directors;
 
          4. To consider and act upon a proposal to ratify the appointment of
     Ernst & Young LLP as the independent auditor of the Company for 1996; and
 
          5. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
     meeting or any adjournment thereof.
 
     The Board of Directors has fixed the close of business on March 22, 1996,
as the record date for the meeting, and only holders of Common Stock of record
at such time will be entitled to vote at the meeting or any adjournment thereof.
 
                                             By Order of the Board of Directors
 
                                                      David M. Higbee
                                                         Secretary
 
Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 27, 1996
 
     EVEN IF YOU INTEND TO BE PRESENT AT THE MEETING, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND
RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY PROMPTLY SO THAT YOUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK MAY
BE REPRESENTED AND VOTED AT THE MEETING. A RETURN ENVELOPE IS ENCLOSED FOR THIS
PURPOSE.
<PAGE>   3
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
                              ONE WILLIAMS CENTER
                             TULSA, OKLAHOMA 74172
 
                                PROXY STATEMENT
 
                                      FOR
 
                         ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
 
                                  MAY 16, 1996
 
     This Proxy Statement is furnished by The Williams Companies, Inc. (the
"Company"), in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of
Directors of the Company to be used at the 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held at the time and place and for the purposes set forth in the foregoing
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and at any and all adjournments of
said meeting. The term "Company" also includes subsidiaries where the context
requires.
 
SOLICITATION AND REVOCATION OF PROXIES AND VOTING
 
     Execution and return of the enclosed proxy will not in any way affect a
stockholder's right to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and to vote in
person, and a stockholder giving a proxy has the power to revoke it at any time
before it is exercised. The proxy may be revoked prior to its exercise by
delivering written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the Company, by
executing a later dated proxy or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in
person. Properly executed proxies in the accompanying form, received in due time
and not previously revoked, will be voted at the Annual Meeting or any
adjournment thereof as specified therein by the person giving the proxy, but, if
no specification is made, the shares represented by proxy will be voted as
recommended by the Board of Directors.
 
     The expenses of this proxy solicitation, including the cost of preparing
and mailing the Proxy Statement and proxy, will be paid by the Company. Such
expenses may also include the charges and expenses of banks, brokerage firms,
and other custodians, nominees or fiduciaries for forwarding proxies and proxy
material to beneficial owners of the Company's Common Stock. The Company expects
to solicit proxies primarily by mail, but directors, officers, employees and
agents of the Company may also solicit proxies in person or by telephone or by
other electronic means. In addition, the Company has retained Morrow & Co., Inc.
to assist in the solicitation of proxies for which the Company will pay an
estimated $9,500 in fees, plus expenses and disbursements. This Proxy Statement
and accompanying proxy were first mailed to stockholders on or about March 29,
1996.
 
     The presence, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is present, other than the
election of directors which requires a plurality of the votes cast, proposals to
be voted on at the Annual Meeting will be decided by a majority of the votes
cast by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, present in person or
represented by proxy, unless the proposal relates to matters on which more than
a majority vote is required under the Company's Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended, its By-laws, the laws of the State of Delaware, under
whose laws the Company is incorporated, or other applicable law.
 
     A stockholder may, with respect to the election of directors: (i) vote for
the election of all nominees named herein; (ii) withhold authority to vote for
all such nominees; or (iii) vote for the election of all such nominees other
than any nominees with respect to whom the vote is specifically withheld by
indicating in the space provided on the proxy. A stockholder may, with respect
to each other matter to be voted upon: (i) vote for the matter; (ii) vote
against the matter; or (iii) abstain from voting on the matter.
 
     Votes withheld from a nominee for election as a director or votes on other
matters that reflect abstentions or broker non-votes (i.e., shares as to which
the record owner has not received instructions from the beneficial owner of the
shares on a matter as to which, under the applicable rules of the New York Stock
Exchange, the
<PAGE>   4
 
record owner does not have authority to vote without such instruction), will be
treated as present at the Annual Meeting for the purpose of determining a quorum
but will not be counted as votes cast.
 
     A majority of the votes properly cast is required to ratify the appointment
of the auditor. However, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes present
or represented by proxy and entitled to vote is required to approve both the
1996 Stock Plan and the 1996 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors. Accordingly,
abstentions will have the effect of a vote against the adoption of the Plans,
while broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome. On other matters to
come before the Annual Meeting, abstentions and non-votes will have no effect on
the outcome.
 
     As a matter of policy, proxies and voting tabulations that identify
individual stockholders are kept confidential. Such documents are only made
available to those who process the proxy cards, tabulate the vote and serve as
inspectors of election, none of whom are Company employees, and certain
employees of the Company responsible for the Annual Meeting. The vote of any
stockholder is not disclosed except as may be necessary to meet legal
requirements.
 
     Only holders of the Company's Common Stock of record at the close of
business on March 22, 1996, will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at
the Annual Meeting. The Company had 104,651,013 shares of Common Stock
outstanding on the record date, and each share is entitled to one vote.
 
                             ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 
     The Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides
for three classes of directors of as nearly equal size as possible and further
provides that the total number of directors shall be determined by resolution
adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, except
that the total number of directors may not be less than 5 nor more than 17. The
term of each class of directors is normally three years and the term of one
class expires each year in rotation.
 
     Four individuals, all of whom are currently directors of the Company, have
been nominated for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. Each has been
nominated for a three-year term and nine directors will continue in office to
serve pursuant to their prior elections. In accordance with the recommendation
of the Nominating Committee, the Board of Directors proposes that the following
nominees be elected: Mrs. Kay A. Orr and Messrs. Robert J. LaFortune, Jack A.
MacAllister and Peter C. Meinig. The nominees named have been nominated for full
three-year terms expiring in May 1999. Messrs. Harold W. Andersen and Ralph E.
Bailey, currently directors of the Company, will retire at the 1996 Annual
Meeting in accordance with the Company's retirement policy for directors and the
Board has elected to reduce the size of the Board to 13 effective with such
retirements.
 
     The persons named as proxies in the accompanying proxy, who have been
designated by the Board of Directors, intend to vote, unless otherwise
instructed in such proxy, for the election of Mrs. Kay A. Orr and Messrs. Robert
J. LaFortune, Jack A. MacAllister and Peter C. Meinig. Should any nominee named
herein become unable for any reason to stand for election as a director of the
Company, it is intended that the persons named in the proxy will vote for the
election of such other person or persons as the Nominating Committee may
recommend and the Board of Directors may propose to replace such nominee or, if
none, the Nominating Committee will recommend that the size of the Board be
reduced. The Company knows of no reason why any of the nominees will be
unavailable or unable to serve.
 
     The names of the nominees and the directors whose terms of office will
continue after the 1996 Annual Meeting, their principal occupations during the
past five years, other directorships held and certain other information are set
forth below.
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   5
 
STANDING FOR ELECTION
 
                                    CLASS I
 
                            (TERM EXPIRES MAY 1999)
 
ROBERT J. LAFORTUNE, AGE 69
 
     Director since 1978. Mr. LaFortune is self-employed and manages personal
interests and investments. He has been so employed for more than five years. He
is the former mayor of Tulsa. Mr. LaFortune is also a director of BOk Financial
Corporation.
 
JACK A. MACALLISTER, AGE 68
 
     Director since 1994. Mr. MacAllister is Chairman Emeritus of U S WEST,
Inc., a telecommunications company. Mr. MacAllister retired as Chairman of the
Board of U S WEST in 1992. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of U S WEST
from 1982 to 1990. Mr. MacAllister is also a director of TELUS Corporation/AGT
Limited.
 
PETER C. MEINIG, AGE 56
 
     Director since 1993. Mr. Meinig is President and Chief Executive Officer of
HM International, Inc., a privately-owned diversified manufacturing and
management company, and has been for more than five years.
 
KAY A. ORR, AGE 57
 
     Director since 1991. Mrs. Orr served as Governor of Nebraska from 1987 to
1991. Mrs. Orr is also a director of the Consumer Services Board of
ServiceMaster and VanCom.
 
DIRECTORS CONTINUING IN OFFICE
 
                                    CLASS II
 
                            (TERM EXPIRES MAY 1997)
 
KEITH E. BAILEY, AGE 53
 
     Director since 1988. Mr. Bailey was elected Chairman of the Board of the
Company in 1994. He was elected President of the Company in 1992 and Chief
Executive Officer in 1994. He served as Executive Vice President of the Company
from 1986 to 1992. Mr. Bailey is also a director of BOk Financial Corporation,
Northwest Pipeline Corporation, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation,
Texas Gas Transmission Corporation and Apco Argentina Inc.
 
ERVIN S. DUGGAN, AGE 56
 
     Director since 1994. Mr. Duggan is President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Public Broadcasting Service the network and program distribution company of
America's public television stations, and has been since 1994. He was a Federal
Communications Commissioner from 1990 until 1994.
 
JAMES C. LEWIS, AGE 63
 
     Director since 1978. Mr. Lewis is Chairman of the Board of Optimus
Corporation, an investment company, and has been for more than five years. Mr.
Lewis is also a director of CFT, Inc.
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   6
 
JAMES A. MCCLURE, AGE 71
 
     Director since 1991. Mr. McClure is President of McClure, Gerard &
Neuenschwander, Inc., a government relations consulting firm, and is of counsel
to the law firm of Givens, Pursley & Huntley, Boise, Idaho, and has been for
more than five years. He was a U.S. Senator from Idaho from 1973 to 1990. Mr.
McClure is also a director of Boise Cascade Corporation and Coeur d'Alene Mines
Corporation.
 
                                   CLASS III
 
                            (TERM EXPIRES MAY 1998)
 
GLENN A. COX, AGE 66
 
     Director since 1992. Mr. Cox was President and Chief Operating Officer of
Phillips Petroleum Company, a company engaged in the exploration, production,
refining and marketing of petroleum and in the manufacture and distribution of a
wide variety of chemicals, until his retirement in 1991. Mr. Cox is also a
director of BOk Financial Corporation, Helmerich & Payne, Inc. and Union Texas
Petroleum Holdings, Inc.
 
THOMAS H. CRUIKSHANK, AGE 64
 
     Director since 1990. Mr. Cruikshank was Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Halliburton Company, a diversified oil field services,
engineering and construction company, until his retirement in 1995. He was an
executive of Halliburton for more than five years. Mr. Cruikshank is also a
director of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and Central and Southwest
Corporation.
 
PATRICIA L. HIGGINS, AGE 46
 
     Director since 1995. Ms. Higgins is President, Worldwide Communications
Market Sector Group of Unisys Corporation, an information management company
applying information services and technology expertise for business and
government, and has been since 1995. She was a Group Vice President of NYNEX
from 1991 to 1994 and was employed by AT&T in various management-level positions
from 1977 to 1991. Ms. Higgins is also a director of Fleet Bank.
 
GORDON R. PARKER, AGE 60
 
     Director since 1987. Mr. Parker was Chairman of the Board of Newmont Mining
Corporation, a company engaged in the exploration for, and the operation and
management of, precious metal properties, until his retirement in 1994. He was
an executive of Newmont for more than five years. Mr. Parker is also a director
of Caterpillar Inc. and Phelps Dodge Corporation.
 
JOSEPH H. WILLIAMS, AGE 62
 
     Director since 1969. Mr. Williams is engaged in personal investments. He
was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company prior to
his retirement in 1994. He was an executive of the Company for more than five
years. Mr. Williams is also a director of The Prudential Life Insurance Company
of America.
                             ---------------------
 
COMMITTEES, MEETINGS AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
 
     The Board of Directors has the responsibility for establishing broad
corporate policies and for the overall performance of the Company. However, the
Board is not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Company. The Board is
kept informed of the Company's business through discussions with the Chief
Executive Officer and other officers, by reviewing analyses and reports provided
to them on a regular basis and by participating in Board and Committee meetings.
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   7
 
     The Board of Directors held 11 meetings during 1995. No director attended
less than 75 percent of the Board and Committee meetings. The Board has
established standing committees to consider designated matters. The Committees
of the Board are Executive, Audit, Nominating and Compensation. In accordance
with the By-laws of the Company, the Board of Directors annually elects from its
members the members and chairman of each committee.
 
     Executive Committee. Members: Keith E. Bailey, Chairman, Glenn A. Cox,
Robert J. LaFortune, James C. Lewis, Peter C. Meinig and Joseph H. Williams.
 
     The Executive Committee is authorized to act for the Board of Directors in
the management of the business and affairs of the Company, except as such
authority may be limited from time to time by the laws of the State of Delaware.
The Executive Committee met two times in 1995.
 
     Audit Committee. Members: Robert J. LaFortune, Chairman, Ervin S. Duggan,
Patricia L. Higgins, James C. Lewis, James A. McClure, Peter C. Meinig and Kay
A. Orr.
 
     The Audit Committee is composed of nonemployee directors. The Audit
Committee annually considers the qualifications of the independent auditor of
the Company and makes recommendations to the Board on the engagement of the
independent auditor. The Audit Committee meets on a scheduled basis with
representatives of the independent auditor and is available to meet at the
request of the independent auditor. During meetings, the Audit Committee
receives reports regarding the Company's books of accounts, accounting
procedures, financial statements, audit policies and procedures and other
matters within the scope of the Committee's duties. It reviews the plans for and
results of audits of the Company and its subsidiaries. It reviews and approves
the independence of the independent auditor. It considers and authorizes the
fees for both audit and nonaudit services of the independent auditor, and the
Committee or its Chairman must authorize in advance any nonaudit services in
excess of $50,000.
 
     The Audit Committee also meets with representatives of the Company's Audit
Services Department. It reviews the results of the internal audits, compliance
with the Company's written policies and procedures and the adequacy of the
Company's system of internal accounting and management controls. It meets with
the financial and accounting officers of the Company and the executive officers
of subsidiary companies to review various aspects of their operations. During
1995, the Audit Committee met five times.
 
     Nominating Committee. Members: Harold W. Andersen, Chairman, Ralph E.
Bailey, Thomas H. Cruikshank, Jack A. MacAllister, James A. McClure, Kay A. Orr,
Gordon R. Parker and Joseph H. Williams.
 
     The Nominating Committee is composed of nonemployee directors. The
Nominating Committee is responsible for recommending candidates to fill
vacancies on the Board as such vacancies occur, as well as the slate of nominees
for election as directors by the stockholders at each Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. Additionally, the Committee recommends to the Board the individual
to be the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. During 1995, the
Nominating Committee met four times.
 
     Qualifications considered by the Nominating Committee for director
candidates include an attained position of leadership in the candidate's field
of endeavor, business and financial experience, demonstrated exercise of sound
business judgment, expertise relevant to the Company's lines of business and the
ability to serve the interests of all stockholders. The Committee will consider
director candidates submitted to it by other directors, employees and
stockholders. As a requisite to consideration, each recommendation must be
accompanied by biographical material on the proposed candidate, as well as an
indication that the proposed candidate would be willing to serve as a director
if elected. Recommendations with supporting material may be sent to the
attention of the Corporate Secretary.
 
     Compensation Committee. Members: Thomas H. Cruikshank, Chairman, Ralph E.
Bailey, Glenn A. Cox, Ervin S. Duggan, Jack A. MacAllister and Gordon R. Parker.
 
     The members of the Compensation Committee are nonemployee directors and are
ineligible to participate in any of the plans or programs which are administered
by the Committee. The Compensation Committee approves the standard for setting
salary ranges for executive officers of the Company, reviews and
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   8
 
approves the salary budgets for all other officers of the Company and of each
subsidiary and specifically reviews and approves the compensation of the senior
executives of the Company. It reviews action taken by management in accordance
with the salary guidelines for executives and establishes the performance
objectives for variable compensation for executives. It also approves stock
option grants for the executive officers named herein. See the "Compensation
Committee Report on Executive Compensation" elsewhere herein. During 1995, the
Compensation Committee met five times.
 
     Compensation of Directors. Employee directors receive no additional
compensation for service on the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board.
Directors who are not employees currently receive an annual retainer of $24,000
and a Committee retainer (with the exception of the Executive Committee) of
$4,000 for each Committee assignment held, and an additional fee for attending
Board and Committee meetings (with the exception of Executive Committee
meetings) of $1,000 and $500, respectively. Members of the Executive Committee
do not receive an annual retainer but do receive a $750 meeting fee. Chairmen of
the Audit, Nominating and Compensation Committees are paid an additional annual
fee of $2,500.
 
     Under the terms of a Plan for Election to Defer Director Fees, a director
may defer all or part of such fees to any subsequent year or until such
individual ceases to be a director. Interest on deferred amounts accrues monthly
at prime interest rates. Five directors elected to defer fees under this plan in
1995.
 
     Under the Company's 1988 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors, all
nonemployee directors receive an annual stock option grant of 2,000 shares of
the Company's Common Stock. The options vest after six months. The exercise
price is equal to the market value of the stock on the date of grant as defined
by the Plan.
 
     The Board has adopted, subject to stockholder approval at the Annual
Meeting, the 1996 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors. See "SUMMARY OF THE
1996 STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS." If approved, the new plan will
continue to provide annual grants of options to purchase 2,000 shares of Common
Stock. In addition, the new plan will provide for an annual grant of 250 shares
of Common Stock and elective deferrals of cash fees in the form of Common Stock
or deferred stock. If approved, the Board intends to reduce the amount of the
annual cash retainer from $24,000 to $12,000.
 
     All directors are reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in attending meetings of the Board or any Committee or otherwise by reason of
their being a director.
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   9
 
                  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER INFORMATION
 
SUMMARY OF CASH AND CERTAIN OTHER COMPENSATION
 
     The following table provides certain summary information concerning
compensation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and each of the four other
most highly compensated executive officers of the Company for the three fiscal
years ended December 31, 1995:
 
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                ANNUAL                                                              ALL OTHER    
                                             COMPENSATION                    LONG-TERM COMPENSATION              COMPENSATION(1) 
                                       -------------------------     ---------------------------------------     --------------- 
                                                                              AWARDS               PAYOUTS  
                                                                     ------------------------     ----------                     
                                                                      RESTRICTED                                                 
                                                                        STOCK                                                    
    NAME AND PRINCIPAL                                 BONUS         AWARDS(2)(3)      STOCK         LTIP
         POSITION             YEAR      SALARY      (YR. EARNED)     (YR. EARNED)     OPTIONS     PAYOUTS(4)
- ---------------------------   ----     --------     ------------     ------------     -------     ----------
<S>                           <C>      <C>          <C>              <C>              <C>         <C>            <C>
Keith E. Bailey               1995     $572,000       $250,000        $  573,950(5)   50,000       $      0          $13,740
  Chairman, President and     1994      550,000              0         1,202,750(5)   50,000              0           13,500
  Chief Executive Officer     1993      450,000        283,500           303,750      40,000       $573,375           17,961
Brian E. O'Neill              1995     $313,600       $239,640        $   70,560      15,000              0          $58,483(6)
  President,                  1994      304,600        109,000            82,000      16,600              0           58,243(6)
  Williams' Interstate        1993      267,250         96,210           108,236      16,600              0           60,345(6)
  Natural Gas Pipelines
Lloyd A. Hightower            1995     $291,600       $167,880        $   50,520      15,000              0          $13,740
  President, Williams         1994      271,600         70,200            90,000      16,600              0           13,500
  Field Services Group        1993      215,748         81,599            86,513      14,934       $ 41,700           17,961
Stephen L. Cropper            1995     $290,000       $194,516        $   51,221      25,000              0          $13,740
  President, Williams Pipe    1994      271,600         80,500            81,000      16,600              0           13,500
  Line, Williams Energy       1993      220,212         96,893           109,005      16,600       $312,750           17,961
  Services and Williams
  Energy Ventures
John C. Bumgarner, Jr.        1995     $279,450       $246,712        $  312,876(7)   25,000              0          $13,740
  Senior Vice President,      1994      266,450        110,000            53,000      15,000              0           13,500
  Corporate Development &
    Planning                  1993      234,900        123,323           105,705      14,200       $208,500           17,961
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Consists of contributions made by the Company to the Investment Plus Plan, a
    defined contribution plan, on behalf of each of the named executive officers
    and allocations made by the Company to the accounts of the named executive
    officers under the Bonus Employee Stock Ownership Plan, except as noted in
    Note 6.
 
(2) Awards reported in this column include the dollar value of awards converted
    to deferred stock (restricted stock in the case of Mr. Bailey for 1994 and
    1995 and restricted stock and deferred stock in the case of Mr. Bumgarner
    for 1995) under the terms of the Company's 1990 Stock Plan. Awards converted
    to deferred stock are done so based on the 52-week average stock price for
    the award year. Receipt of deferred stock is deferred for three years. The
    restrictions on the restricted stock awards to Mr. Bailey will lapse in
    one-third increments in 2002, 2003 and 2004.
 
(3) The total number of restricted shares held and the aggregate market value at
    December 31, 1995, were as follows: Mr. Bailey, 87,000 shares valued at
    $3,817,125 and Mr. Bumgarner, 10,000 shares valued at $438,750. Dividends
    are paid on the restricted shares and dividend equivalents are paid on
    deferred stock at the same time and at the same rate as dividends paid to
    stockholders generally. The total number of shares of deferred stock held
    and the aggregate market value at December 31, 1995, were as follows: Mr.
    Bailey, 23,776 shares valued at $1,043,172; Mr. O'Neill, 18,190 shares
    valued at $798,086; Mr. Hightower, 10,225 shares valued at $448,622; Mr.
    Cropper, 7,174 shares valued at $314,759; and Mr. Bumgarner, 13,714 shares
    valued at $601,702. Aggregate market value was calculated using $43.875 per
    share, the closing price of the Company's Common Stock reported in the table
    entitled "New
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   10
 
    York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions" contained in The Wall Street
    Journal for December 29, 1995.
 
(4) The amounts shown represent payment of long-term awards made in 1990 and
    valued at $26.0625 per share, the average of the high and low prices of the
    Company's Common Stock reported in the table entitled "New York Stock
    Exchange Composite Transactions" contained in The Wall Street Journal for
    December 13, 1993, the date of payment.
 
(5) Represents 25,000 shares of restricted stock valued at the market price on
    date of grant ($26) awarded in January 1994, 22,000 shares of restricted
    stock valued at December 31, 1994 ($25.125) awarded in 1995 as 1994
    incentive compensation and 13,100 shares of restricted stock valued at
    December 31, 1995 ($43.813) awarded in 1996 as 1995 incentive compensation
    instead of the cash and deferred stock incentive compensation received by
    other executive officers.
 
(6) Includes an annual payment of $44,742 from Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line
    Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, under the terms of a separation of
    employment agreement between Mr. O'Neill and Transco Energy Company, dated
    November 24, 1987.
 
(7) Includes 10,000 shares of restricted stock valued at the market price on
    date of grant ($25) and awarded as a special bonus in 1995. The restrictions
    on Mr. Bumgarner's restricted stock lapse three years from date of grant.
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   11
 
STOCK OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
 
     The following table provides certain information concerning the grant of
stock options during the last completed fiscal year to the named executive
officers:
 
                       OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                     POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE   
                                                                                                     AT ASSUMED ANNUAL RATES OF   
                                                                                                      STOCK PRICE APPRECIATION    
                                                   INDIVIDUAL GRANTS(1)                                  FOR OPTION TERM(2)       
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------      ------------------------------ 
                              NUMBER OF      PERCENT OF                                                                           
                              SECURITIES    TOTAL OPTIONS     EXERCISE                                                            
                              UNDERLYING     GRANTED TO        OR BASE                                                            
                               OPTIONS      EMPLOYEES IN        PRICE          EXPIRATION                                         
           NAME                GRANTED       FISCAL YEAR     (PER SHARE)          DATE                 5%                 10%
- ---------------------------   ----------    -------------    -----------    -----------------      ----------          ----------
<S>                           <C>           <C>              <C>            <C>                    <C>                 <C>
Keith E. Bailey                  16,666           0.49%        $30.00           03/16/05           $  314,987          $  794,968
                                 16,667           0.49          34.00           07/22/05              357,007             901,018
                                 16,667           0.49          40.00           11/16/05              420,008           1,060,021
                                 ------           ----                                             ----------          ----------
                                 50,000           1.47%                                            $1,092,002          $2,756,007
                                 ======           ====                                             ==========          ==========
Brian E. O'Neill                  5,000           0.15%        $30.00           03/16/05           $   94,500          $  238,500
                                  5,000           0.15          34.00           07/22/05              107,100             270,300
                                  5,000           0.15          40.00           11/16/05              126,000             318,000
                                 ------           ----                                             ----------          ----------
                                 15,000           0.45%                                            $  327,600          $  826,800
                                 ======           ====                                             ==========          ==========
Lloyd A. Hightower                5,000           0.15%        $30.00           03/16/05           $   94,500          $  238,500
                                  5,000           0.15          34.00           07/22/05              107,100             270,300
                                  5,000           0.15          40.00           11/16/05              126,000             318,000
                                 ------           ----                                             ----------          ----------
                                 15,000           0.45%                                            $  327,600          $  826,800
                                 ======           ====                                             ==========          ==========
Stephen L. Cropper                8,333           0.25%        $30.00           03/16/05           $  157,494          $  397,484
                                  8,333           0.25          34.00           07/22/05              178,493             450,482
                                  8,334           0.25          40.00           11/16/05              210,017             530,042
                                 ------           ----                                             ----------          ----------
                                 25,000           0.75%                                            $  546,004          $1,378,008
                                 ======           ====                                             ==========          ==========
John C. Bumgarner, Jr.            8,333           0.25%        $30.00           03/16/05           $  157,494          $  397,484
                                  8,333           0.25          34.00           07/22/05              178,493             450,482
                                  8,334           0.25          40.00           11/16/05              210,017             530,042
                                 ------           ----                                             ----------          ----------
                                 25,000           0.75%                                            $  546,004          $1,378,008
                                 ======           ====                                             ==========          ==========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1)  Options granted in 1995 to the named executive officers became exercisable
     in November 1995 due to a provision allowing for accelerated vesting when
     the Common Stock price reached 1.61 times the average stock price on the
     first business day of January in the award year, for five out of ten
     consecutive business days. Otherwise, the stock options would have vested
     50 percent on January 20, 1998, and 50 percent on January 20, 1999, subject
     to accelerated vesting in certain circumstances. The options generally have
     a term of ten years, subject to earlier expiration following certain
     terminations of the executive officers' employment. The options permit the
     executive officers to elect cashless withholding of option shares to pay
     taxes in certain circumstances. The Company granted these options under its
     1990 Stock Plan.
 
(2)  The dollar amounts shown result from calculations using 5 percent and 10
     percent appreciation rates set by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
     compounded annually and, therefore, are not intended to forecast possible
     future appreciation, if any, of the Company's stock price.
 
                                        9
<PAGE>   12
 
OPTION EXERCISES AND FISCAL YEAR-END VALUES
 
     The following table provides certain information on stock option exercises
in 1995 by the named executive officers and the value of such officers'
unexercised options at December 31, 1995:
 
                AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
                       AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     NUMBER OF SECURITIES           VALUE OF UNEXERCISED,
                                                                    UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED           IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS
                                                                  OPTIONS AT FISCAL YEAR-END        AT FISCAL YEAR-END(1)
                                  SHARES ACQUIRED     VALUE      ----------------------------    ----------------------------
             NAME                   ON EXERCISE      REALIZED    EXERCISABLE    UNEXERCISABLE    EXERCISABLE    UNEXERCISABLE
- -------------------------------   ---------------    --------    -----------    -------------    -----------    -------------
<S>                               <C>                <C>         <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>
Keith E. Bailey................        12,800        $256,000      255,531          46.669       $5,761,810       $ 787,533
Brian E. O'Neill...............             0               0      122,998          16,602        2,962,209         282,000
Lloyd A. Hightower.............             0               0       42,619          16,047          742,977         269,859
Stephen L. Cropper.............             0               0      109,376          16,602        2,354,024         288,000
John C. Bumgarner, Jr..........             0               0       42,621          14,736          582,606         249,892
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1)  Based on the closing price of the Company's Common Stock reported in the
     table entitled "New York Stock Exchange Composite Transactions" contained
     in The Wall Street Journal for December 29, 1995 ($43.875), less the
     exercise price. The values shown reflect the value of options accumulated
     over periods of up to ten years. Such values had not been realized at that
     date and may not be realized. In the event the options are exercised, their
     value will depend upon the value of the Company's Common Stock on the date
     of exercise.
 
RETIREMENT PLAN
 
     The Company's Pension Plan is a noncontributory, tax-qualified defined
benefit plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The
Pension Plan generally includes salaried employees of the Company who have
completed one year of service. Except as noted below, executive officers of the
Company participate in the Pension Plan on the same terms as other full-time
employees.
 
     The normal retirement benefit is a monthly annuity determined by averaging
compensation during the four calendar years of employment with the highest
average monthly compensation within the ten calendar years preceding retirement.
Covered compensation includes amounts in the Bonus and Restricted Stock Awards
columns of the Summary Compensation Table (as to deferred stock only and
restricted stock in the case of Mr. Bailey). Normal retirement age is 65. Early
retirement may be taken with reduced benefits beginning as early as age 55. At
retirement, employees are entitled to receive a single-life annuity or one of
several optional forms of settlement having an equivalent actuarial value to the
single-life annuity.
 
     The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), currently
limits the pension benefits which can be paid from a tax-qualified defined
benefit plan, such as the Pension Plan, to highly compensated individuals. These
limits prevent such individuals from receiving the full pension benefit based on
the same formula as is applicable to other employees. As a result, the Company
has adopted an unfunded Supplemental Retirement Plan to provide a supplemental
retirement benefit equal to the amount of such reduction to every employee whose
benefit payable under the Pension Plan is reduced by Code limitations, including
the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table.
 
                                       10
<PAGE>   13
 
     The following schedule illustrates projected annual retirement benefits
based on the formula in effect for service after January 1, 1987, payable under
both the tax-qualified and the supplemental retirement plans based on various
levels of final average annual remuneration and years of service. The benefits
are not subject to deduction for any offset amounts:
 
                               PENSION PLAN TABLE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            YEARS OF SERVICE
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                REMUNERATION                 15         20         25         30         35
    ------------------------------------  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    <S>                                   <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
    $  400,000..........................  $109,138   $145,518   $181,897   $218,277   $254,656
       600,000..........................   164,638    219,518    274,397    329,277    384,156
       800,000..........................   220,138    293,518    366,897    440,277    513,656
     1,000,000..........................   275,638    367,518    459,397    551,277    643,156
     1,200,000..........................   331,138    441,518    551,897    662,277    772,656
     1,400,000..........................   386,638    515,518    644,397    773,277    902,156
</TABLE>
 
     As of December 31, 1995, the years of credited service under the Pension
Plan for the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table were:
Mr. Bailey, 22; Mr. O'Neill, 8; Mr. Hightower, 22; Mr. Cropper, 21; and Mr.
Bumgarner, 19.
 
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
 
     As authorized by the Board of Directors, the Company has separate
employment agreements with certain of the executive officers named in the
Summary Compensation Table and certain other individuals. Each agreement is for
a term of thirty months, renewing monthly on an "evergreen" basis unless
terminated under various termination options.
 
     The agreements provide that if the Company terminates the agreement, other
than for cause, as defined, for disability, as defined, or on less than thirty
months' notice or the executive terminates the agreement for breach by the
Company, including good reason, as defined, then, subject to the duty to
mitigate, the executive shall be entitled to receive damages for breach of the
agreement, consisting of (i) a cash payment equal to the executive's
compensation, including incentive compensation, that would have been paid during
the thirty-month notice period, assuming certain increases; (ii) an increase in
the executive's retirement benefits based upon an additional five years of age
and credited service; (iii) continuation of the executive's participation in
insurance and other fringe benefit plans of the Company, or the provision of
equivalent benefits, for a period of five years; and (iv) payment of an amount
equal to nonvested contributions to certain other benefit plans of the Company.
The Company does not believe that any of such payments would constitute
"parachute payments" as defined in Section 280G of the Code and, therefore,
would not be subject to the excise tax imposed under the Code. However, in the
event the payments are determined to be subject to such tax, the agreements
provide that the Company will pay an additional cash amount sufficient to pay
such tax.
 
                                       11
<PAGE>   14
 
            COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
     The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") is
composed entirely of independent outside directors. The Committee is responsible
for overseeing and administering the Company's executive compensation program.
 
COMPENSATION POLICY
 
     The executive compensation program of the Company is designed to serve the
interests of the Company and its stockholders by aligning executive compensation
with stockholder objectives and to encourage and reward management initiatives
and performance. Specifically, the executive compensation program seeks to:
 
          (i) implement compensation practices which allow the Company to
     attract and retain qualified executives and maintain a competitive position
     in the executive marketplace with employers of comparable size and in
     similar lines of business;
 
          (ii) enhance the compensation potential of executives who are in the
     best position to contribute to the growth and success of the Company by
     providing flexibility to compensate individual performance; and
 
          (iii) directly align the interests of executives with the interests of
     stockholders through compensation opportunities in the form of ownership of
     Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents.
 
     These objectives are met through a program comprised of base salary; annual
cash bonus and deferred stock opportunities directly tied to individual and
operating performance; and long-term incentive opportunities primarily in the
form of stock options and the selective use of restricted stock. Compensation
decisions under the executive compensation program with respect to those
executives named in the Summary Compensation Table are made by the Committee.
 
COMPENSATION PROGRAM
 
     Base Salary. Base salary ranges for the Company's executive officers,
including those named in the Summary Compensation Table, are targeted at the
50th percentile of salary survey results. For this purpose, the Company compares
itself to a group of natural gas transmission companies which are basically the
same companies utilized by Standard & Poor's for the S&P Natural Gas Index used
by the Company in the performance graph appearing elsewhere herein. In addition,
general compensation survey information supplied by nationally known
compensation consulting firms and other information concerning overall
compensation levels and structure and levels of stock option awards, such as
compensation and stock option award information disclosed in proxy statements of
other companies, are used by the Committee in making compensation decisions.
While the Committee did not retain a compensation consulting firm for specific
advice on base salary recommendations, the Committee had available to it survey
results from such sources. On average, the Company's executive officers are at
salary levels equal to the midpoints in their respective salary ranges.
 
     The Committee considers base salary adjustments for each of the Company's
executive officers annually. The Committee also approves annually a merit
increase budget for all officers. For 1995, the merit increase budget approved
was 4.0 percent. This target was arrived at after a review of survey data.
Within this framework, base salary increases for the Company's executive
officers ranged from 3.0 to 4.9 percent, excluding adjustment increases. The
average 1995 merit increase for such officers was 4.0 percent and was equal to
the average merit increases for all salaried employees in 1995. Specific
increases for individual executive officers involve consideration of certain
subjective factors, principally the performance of such executive over the prior
compensation period.
 
     Cash Bonus and Deferred Stock. The bonus arrangement for Mr. Bailey is
discussed elsewhere herein. The other executive officers of the Company are
eligible each year for cash bonuses and deferred stock awards. Each executive
officer has a target opportunity which is a percentage of base salary that can
be earned if the stretch performance targets are met. The target opportunity
percentages vary by level of management. The
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   15
 
percentages of base salary used for this purpose range from 10 percent for
manager level participants to 75 percent for executive officers. The four
components of the award formula are personal performance, performance to plan,
performance to peers and shareholder return. Awards are earned based on the
extent to which preestablished performance targets are achieved in each area.
Each component is weighted, with the sum of the weights for the four components
totaling one. The components are weighted differently for each level of
management depending on the Committee's subjective judgment as to the particular
level of management's ability to influence the achievement of performance
targets for a given award component. An executive officer's award for a given
year is the sum of the product of (i) the percentage actual performance bears to
targeted performance (the "performance factor"); (ii) the applicable weight of
the component; (iii) the target opportunity percentage; and (iv) the
participant's base salary, for each of the four components.
 
     The performance targets for the performance to plan and performance to
peers components are set by the Committee at a threshold, plan and stretch level
in January of each year. The plan level represents the projected level of
performance for the plan year as submitted by the respective business units and
as approved by the Board in January of the plan year. Threshold and stretch
targets represent the Committee's subjective assessment of performance below
which there should be no bonus (the threshold target) and performance at which
the full bonus potential should be paid (the stretch target). If performance is
at plan level, the performance factor used to calculate the award is normally 50
percent. Performance at levels above or below plan results in awards
representing a linear increase/decrease from plan to stretch and from plan to
threshold target levels depending upon where actual performance falls. Where
results exceed the stretch target, the performance factor applied is within the
sole discretion of the Committee, although, except in unusual circumstances, the
performance factor may not exceed 100 percent of the award potential. Except in
unusual circumstances, there are no awards for performance below the threshold
level.
 
     The personal performance assessment for each executive officer is based on
a subjective analysis of the individual's performance with consideration given
to such factors as significant business decisions, innovative achievements and
timely completion of projects within budgeted ranges, among other things. The
performance to plan performance factor for 1995 was tied to net income
attributable to Common Stock for the Company's executives and operating profit
or net income before tax of the individual operating companies for executives in
these units. The performance to peers performance factor was tied to return on
equity for the Company's executives and either operating company operating
profit, return on equity or return on assets, or consolidated return on equity,
for executives in these units. Shareholder return performance was determined by
the Committee based on the change in value of the Company's Common Stock as
compared to return averages of the S&P 500 and S&P Natural Gas companies. The
Committee retains the discretion to adjust reported performance to allow for
extraordinary, nonrecurring factors.
 
     Once the award is determined for each executive officer as described above,
70 percent of the award is paid in cash and 30 percent is deferred and paid in
stock. The 30 percent mandatory deferred portion vests three years from the
award date. Executive officers have the option to defer all or a portion of the
cash award. Participants who elect to defer all or a portion of the cash award
can defer for up to five years from the award date. Deferred stock cannot be
sold or otherwise disposed of until the applicable deferral period lapses. The
value of the deferred award is at risk during the deferral period since the
value is tied to the stock price.
 
     Long-term Compensation. The Company's 1990 Stock Plan, approved by the
stockholders in 1990, permits the Committee to grant different types of
stock-based awards, including deferred stock discussed above. The 1990 Stock
Plan provides for stock option awards giving executives the right to purchase
Common Stock over a ten-year period at the market value per share of the
Company's Common Stock, as defined by the 1990 Stock Plan, as of the date the
option is granted. The stock option program was revised in 1995 with 1995 awards
vesting 50 percent on January 20, 1998, and 50 percent on January 20, 1999, with
a provision for accelerated vesting before such dates if the Common Stock price
reaches 1.61 times the average stock price on the first business day of January
in the award year, for five out of ten consecutive business days. Vesting of the
options granted in 1995 accelerated under this formula in November 1995. The
Committee's objective with respect to stock option awards is to provide a
long-term component to overall compensation which aligns the interests of
executives with the interests of stockholders through stock ownership.
Compensation opportunities in the form of stock options serve this purpose.
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   16
 
     The Committee has established stock option award targets for each level of
management participating in the stock option program. The target levels for
annual stock option grants have been established based on competitive market
practices and range from 50,000 shares for the Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer to 1,500 shares for manager level employees. In making
decisions on stock option awards, the Committee has available to it information
on previous stock option awards granted to executive officers. Stock option
awards are not tied to preestablished performance targets.
 
     The 1990 Stock Plan also provides for the issuance of restricted stock,
which the executive cannot sell or otherwise dispose of until the applicable
restriction period lapses. Restricted stock is normally forfeited if the
executive terminates employment for any reason other than retirement, disability
or death prior to the lapsing of applicable restrictions. The Committee uses
restricted stock awards primarily to provide, on a selective basis, a vehicle
for tying an element of compensation to the executive's willingness to remain
with the Company.
 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION
 
     The full Board meets in executive session in November of each year to
review Mr. Bailey's performance. The session is conducted without Mr. Bailey
present, and the meeting is chaired by the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee. The results of this performance review, which are shared with Mr.
Bailey, are used by the Compensation Committee in making its review of Mr.
Bailey's performance for compensation purposes.
 
     The Committee approved a merit increase for Mr. Bailey in 1995 of 4
percent. The recommendation was based primarily on a subjective evaluation of
Mr. Bailey's performance in 1994, consideration of other actions taken as
described below and a review of market survey data. Mr. Bailey's 1995 base
salary, $572,000, was at the low end of the range of salary survey results.
 
     As previously mentioned, a special incentive compensation program has been
designed for Mr. Bailey. As a result, Mr. Bailey does not participate in the
cash bonus and deferred stock programs applicable to other executive officers
previously described. In order to weight Mr. Bailey's base compensation more
heavily in the form of stock, the incentive compensation program approved for
him pays out entirely in restricted stock to the extent earned. The maximum
award potential under the program is equal to 100 percent of base salary. The
award earned in 1995 and paid in January 1996 was 13,100 shares of restricted
stock determined by giving consideration to three equally weighted performance
components. This award represents 100 percent of the award potential based on
the achievement of targeted performance relative to net income attributable to
Common Stock and stock performance compared to the stock performance of a peer
group. The third component was a subjective evaluation of performance. The
restricted stock vests in one-third annual installments beginning in 2002. The
restricted stock is forfeited to the extent Mr. Bailey terminates employment
prior to the lapse of the respective restriction periods whether due to
resignation, voluntary retirement without prior Board consent or termination for
cause.
 
     In 1995, Mr. Bailey was primarily responsible for a substantial reshaping
of the Company. More than $6.5 billion in acquisitions and dispositions were
completed resulting in the size of the Company doubling. Also in 1995, the
Company's stock appreciated approximately 75 percent and market capitalization
doubled. Even in a year when the stock market reached record highs, these are
extraordinary accomplishments justifying, in the judgment of the Committee, a
special bonus in recognition of these achievements. Accordingly, for Mr.
Bailey's outstanding performance in 1995, the Committee awarded him a one-time
$250,000 cash bonus.
 
     A stock option grant of 50,000 shares was also approved for Mr. Bailey in
1995. This award represents 100 percent of the target for stock option awards
previously established by the Committee for the Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer position. The specific award, relative to the target, was
based on a subjective analysis of Mr. Bailey's performance.
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   17
 
OTHER MATTERS
 
     Section 162(m) of the Code places a $1 million per person limitation on the
tax deduction the Company may take for compensation paid to its Chief Executive
Officer and its four other highest paid executive officers, except compensation
which constitutes performance-based compensation as defined by the Code is not
subject to the $1 million limit. The Committee believes that no compensation
otherwise deductible for 1995 was subject to this deductibility limit. The
Committee generally intends to grant awards under the proposed 1996 Stock Plan
consistent with the terms of Section 162(m) so that such awards will not be
subject to the $1 million limit. In other respects, the Committee expects to
take actions in the future that may be necessary to preserve the deductibility
of executive compensation to the extent reasonably practicable and consistent
with other objectives of the Company's compensation program. In doing so, the
Committee may utilize alternatives such as deferring compensation to qualify
compensation for deductibility and may rely on grandfathering provisions with
respect to existing compensation commitments. If any executive compensation
exceeds this limitation, it is expected that such cases will represent isolated,
nonrecurring situations arising from special circumstances.
 
                                            The Compensation Committee
 
                                              Thomas H. Cruikshank, Chairman
                                              Ralph E. Bailey
                                              Glenn A. Cox
                                              Ervin S. Duggan
                                              Jack A. MacAllister
                                              Gordon R. Parker
 
                  STOCKHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE PRESENTATION
 
     Set forth below is a line graph comparing the Company's cumulative total
stockholder return on its Common Stock with the cumulative total return of the
S&P Corporate-500 Stock Index and the S&P Natural Gas Index for the period of
five fiscal years commencing January 1, 1991:
 

                                   [GRAPH]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 The Williams
      Measurement Period          Companies,                      S&P Natural
    (Fiscal Year Covered)            Inc.           S&P 500           Gas
<S>                              <C>             <C>             <C>
1/1/91                              100.00          100.00          100.00     
12/31/91                            154.61          130.47           86.93     
12/31/92                            165.29          140.41           96.03     
12/31/93                            211.48          154.56          114.02     
12/31/94                            224.64          156.60          108.77     
12/31/95                            404.62          215.45          153.85     
</TABLE>
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   18
 
         SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
     The following table sets forth, as of March 22, 1996, the amount of the
Company's Common Stock beneficially owned by each of its directors, each of the
executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table and by all directors
and executive officers as a group who were serving in such capacities at such
date.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP
                                                          ----------------------------------------------
                                                             SOLE        OPTIONS
                                                          VOTING AND   EXERCISABLE     OTHER     PERCENT
                                                          INVESTMENT     WITHIN      BENEFICIAL    OF
              NAME OF INDIVIDUAL OR GROUP                   POWER        60 DAYS     OWNERSHIP    CLASS
- --------------------------------------------------------  ----------   -----------   ---------   -------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>
Keith E. Bailey.........................................    213,357      285,532          580        *
John C. Bumgarner, Jr...................................    182,095       53,356           --        *
Glenn A. Cox............................................      2,000        7,334           --        *
Stephen L. Cropper......................................     25,036      120,443           --        *
Thomas H. Cruikshank....................................        600       12,000           --        *
Ervin S. Duggan.........................................         --        3,334           --        *
Patricia L. Higgins.....................................         --        4,459           --        *
Lloyd A. Hightower......................................     78,147       53,131           --        *
Robert J. LaFortune.....................................        400       10,000       10,000        *
James C. Lewis..........................................      4,000       16,000           --        *
Jack A. MacAllister.....................................      4,334        2,000           --        *
James A. McClure........................................        320       10,000           --        *
Peter C. Meinig.........................................      1,000        5,334        2,150        *
Brian E. O'Neill........................................     31,048       59,265           --        *
Kay A. Orr..............................................      1,000       10,000           --        *
Gordon R. Parker........................................      2,000       16,000           --        *
Joseph H. Williams......................................    191,922        3,334        8,200        *
All directors and executive officers as a group (23
  persons)..............................................    858,439      945,045       21,548      1.7%
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
* Less than 1 percent.
 
     No director or officer of the Company owns beneficially any securities of
the Company's subsidiaries other than directors' qualifying shares. "Other
Beneficial Ownership" represents shares held in trust over which the respective
individuals have voting and investment power.
 
                         SUMMARY OF THE 1996 STOCK PLAN
 
INTRODUCTION
 
     On January 21, 1996, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 1996
Stock Plan (the "Plan"), subject to stockholder approval. The Plan, if approved
by the stockholders, will replace the Company's existing 1990 Stock Plan, and no
further awards will be made under such plan. The Plan provides for awards to
officers of the Company and others who are deemed by the Company to be
"insiders" for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Eighteen individuals are currently eligible for consideration as participants in
the Plan. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term interests of the
Company by providing a means of attracting and retaining key employees,
rewarding superior performance and increasing participants' proprietary interest
in the Company. The Plan is substantially the same as the 1990 Stock Plan except
that certain changes have been made to address developments in the law since the
1990 Stock Plan was adopted by the stockholders of the Company.
 
     Stockholders are being asked to approve the Plan, including certain
material terms of performance goals for those awards that are intended to be
performance-based. This approval is necessary, among other reasons, to ensure
that compensation earned by and paid to certain executive officers of the
Company pursuant to fair
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   19
 
market value stock options and SARs and performance-based awards granted under
the Plan will be fully deductible by the Company for federal income tax purposes
under Code Section 162(m). See "COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION."
 
     A full copy of the Plan is attached as Exhibit A to the Proxy Statement.
The material features of the Plan are summarized below and such summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Plan.
 
SUMMARY OF AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN
 
     General. Under the terms of the Plan, 2,000,000 shares of the Common Stock
of the Company will be available for issuance under the Plan. In addition, any
shares currently available or which become available under the 1990 Stock Plan
(estimated to be approximately 600,000) will be available for issuance under the
Plan. The Plan limits the number of shares that may be issued as awards other
than options or stock appreciation rights to 25 percent of the total available
and also limits grants to any individual participant in any calendar year to
awards relating to no more than 150,000 shares. The stock issuable under the
Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares, including shares
repurchased by the Company for purposes of the Plan. If any shares subject to
any award are forfeited or payment is made in a form other than shares or the
award otherwise terminates without payment being made, the shares subject to
such awards will again be available for issuance under the Plan. In addition,
shares withheld or surrendered in payment of the exercise price for stock
options or withheld for taxes upon the exercise or settlement of an award, will
not be treated as issued for purposes of the Plan. As of March 22, 1996, a total
of 8,966,817 shares were subject to options or other awards or available for
grants under all other plans covering employees of the Company. While the level
of awards under the Plan are not now determinable, if performance objectives
established for 1996 are achieved, payments in 1996 under the Plan are expected
to be generally as reported in the Summary Compensation Table for 1995 under the
1990 Stock Plan. At March 22, 1996, the last reported sale price of the
Company's Common Stock as a New York Stock Exchange Composite transaction was
$49.50 per share.
 
     The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors (the "Committee"), none of the members of which are eligible for
awards under the Plan. The Committee is authorized to designate participants,
determine the types and number of awards to be granted, set the terms,
conditions and provisions of awards, cancel or suspend awards, prescribe forms
of award agreements, interpret the Plan, establish, amend and rescind rules and
regulations relating to the Plan and make all other determinations which may be
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.
 
     The Plan permits the granting of any or all of the following types of
awards: (i) stock options including incentive stock options ("ISOs"); (ii) stock
appreciation rights ("SARs"); (iii) restricted stock; (iv) deferred stock; (v)
dividend equivalents; and (vi) other awards valued in whole or in part by
reference to or otherwise based on the stock or other securities of the Company.
Generally, awards under the Plan are granted for no consideration other than
prior and future services. Awards granted under the Plan may, in the discretion
of the Committee, be granted alone or in addition to, in tandem with or in
substitution for, any other award under the Plan or other plan of the Company.
 
     Stock Options and SARs. The Committee is authorized to grant to
participants stock options, including ISOs and SARs, entitling the participant
to receive the excess of the fair market value of a share on the date of
exercise over the grant price of the option or SAR. The purchase price per share
of stock subject to a stock option and the grant price of an SAR is determined
by the Committee but may not be less than the fair market value of the stock on
the date of grant as defined by the Plan. The term of each option or SAR is
fixed by the Committee, except the term of ISOs and SARs in tandem with ISOs is
limited to ten years. Such awards are exercisable in whole or in part at such
time or times as determined by the Committee. Options may be exercised by
payment of the purchase price in cash, stock, other outstanding awards or as the
Committee determines. Methods of exercise and settlement and other terms of the
SARs will be determined by the Committee.
 
     Restricted and Deferred Stock. The Committee may award restricted stock
consisting of shares which may not be disposed of by participants until certain
restrictions established by the Committee lapse. Generally, such restrictions
must be for a period of not less than one year if the grant was conditioned upon
achievement
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   20
 
of performance objectives and three years in other cases. A participant
receiving restricted stock will have all of the rights of a stockholder of the
Company, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive any
dividends unless the Committee otherwise determines. The Committee may also make
deferred stock awards, generally consisting of a right to receive shares at the
end of specified deferral periods. Awards of deferred stock are subject to such
limitations as the Committee may impose, which limitations may lapse at the end
of the deferral period, in installments or otherwise. Deferred stock awards
carry no voting or dividend rights or other rights associated with stock
ownership. Upon termination of employment during the restriction or deferral
period, restricted or deferred stock will be forfeited subject to such
exceptions, if any, as are authorized by the Committee.
 
     Dividend Equivalents. The Committee is authorized to grant dividend
equivalents conferring on participants the right to receive, currently or on a
deferred basis, interest or dividends, or interest or dividend equivalents.
Dividend equivalents may be paid directly to participants or may be reinvested
under the Plan.
 
     Other Stock-Based Awards. In order to enable the Company to respond to
material developments in the area of taxes and other legislation and regulations
and interpretations thereof, and to trends in executive compensation practices,
the Plan authorizes the Committee to grant awards that are valued in whole or in
part by reference to or otherwise based on securities of the Company. The
Committee determines the terms and conditions of such awards, including
consideration paid for awards granted as purchase rights (which consideration
generally may not be less than the fair market value of a share on the date the
purchase right is granted).
 
     Performance-Based Awards. The Committee may require satisfaction of
preestablished performance goals, consisting of one or more business criteria
and a targeted performance level with respect to such criteria, as a condition
of awards being granted or becoming exercisable or settleable under the Plan, or
as a condition to accelerating the timing of such events. If so determined by
the Committee, in order to avoid the limitations of Code Section 162(m), the
business criteria used by the Committee in establishing performance goals
applicable to awards to the Chief Executive Officer and the four most highly
compensated executive officers will be selected exclusively from among the
following: (i) annual net income to Common Stock; (ii) operating profit; (iii)
annual return on capital or equity; (iv) annual earnings per share; (v) annual
cash flow provided by operations; (vi) changes in annual revenues; and (vii)
strategic business criteria, consisting of specified revenue, market
penetration, geographic business expansion goals, cost targets and goals
relating to acquisitions or divestitures.
 
     Payment and Deferral of Awards. Awards may be settled in cash, stock, other
awards or other property, in the discretion of the Committee. The Committee may
require or permit participants to defer the distribution of all or part of an
award in accordance with such terms and conditions as the Committee may
establish. The Plan authorizes the Committee to place shares or other property
in trusts or make other arrangements to provide for payment of the Company's
obligations under the Plan. The Committee may condition the payment of an award
on the withholding of taxes and may provide that a portion of the stock or other
property to be distributed will be withheld to satisfy such tax obligations.
 
     Limitations on Awards. Awards granted under the Plan generally may not be
pledged or otherwise encumbered and generally are not transferable except by
will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Each award will be exercisable
during the participant's lifetime only by the participant or, if permitted under
applicable law, by the participant's guardian or legal representative. However,
transfers of awards for estate planning purposes will be permitted under the
Plan if SEC regulations are modified (as currently proposed) to permit such
transfers.
 
     Adjustments. In the event of any change affecting the shares of Common
Stock by reason of any dividend or distribution, recapitalization, forward or
reverse split, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination, repurchase or
exchange of securities, or other corporate transaction or event, the Committee
may make such adjustment in the aggregate number or kind of shares which may be
issued under the Plan or which may relate to grants to an individual in a given
calendar year, and in the number, kind and exercise, grant or purchase price of
shares subject to outstanding awards under the Plan, or make provisions for a
cash payment relating to any award, as it deems to be appropriate in order to
maintain the purpose of the original grant. The Committee
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   21
 
is also authorized to make adjustments in performance award criteria or in the
terms and conditions of other awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring
events affecting the Company or its subsidiaries or their financial statements
or changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles.
 
     Amendment to and Termination of the Plan. The Plan may be amended, altered,
suspended, discontinued or terminated by the Board without further stockholder
approval, unless such approval of an amendment or alteration is required by law
or regulation or under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (or other stock
exchange or automated quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted). Thus, stockholder approval will not necessarily be required for
amendments which might increase the cost of the Plan or broaden eligibility.
Stockholder approval will not be deemed to be required under laws or regulations
that condition favorable treatment of optionees on such approval, although the
Board may, in its discretion, seek stockholder approval in any circumstance in
which it deems such approval advisable. In addition, subject to the terms of the
Plan, no amendment or termination of the Plan may materially and adversely
affect the right of a participant under any award granted under the Plan. Unless
earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will terminate when no shares remain
reserved and available for issuance, and the Company has no further obligation
with respect to any award granted under the Plan.
 
     Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control of the Company,
outstanding awards under the Plan, regardless of any limitations or
restrictions, generally will become fully exercisable and freed of all
restrictions. For purposes of the Plan, a Change of Control is deemed to have
occurred: (i) upon the acquisition by any person of 15 percent or more of the
Company's outstanding voting stock; (ii) if individuals constituting the Board,
or those nominated by at least two-thirds of such individuals or successors
nominated by them, cease to constitute a majority of the Board; (iii) upon
stockholder approval of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction or
consummation of any such transaction if stockholder approval is not required;
(iv) upon approval of a plan of liquidation or the sale or disposition of
substantially all of the Company's assets; or (v) if the Board adopts a
resolution to the effect that a Change of Control has occurred. Upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control, or a Potential Change of Control (as defined
by the Plan), the Company is required to fund a trust for the benefit of
participants with an amount in stock or other property equal to the value of all
outstanding awards under the Plan.
 
     Federal Income Tax Consequences. The Company believes that under present
law the following are the federal tax consequences generally arising with
respect to awards granted under the Plan. The grant of an option or SAR
(including a stock-based award in the form of a purchase right) will create no
tax consequences for the participant or the Company. The participant will have
no taxable income upon exercising an ISO (except that the alternative minimum
tax may apply) and the Company will receive no deduction at that time. Upon
exercising an SAR or option other than an ISO, the participant must generally
recognize ordinary income equal to the difference between the exercise price and
the fair market value of the freely transferable and nonforfeitable stock
acquired on the date of exercise, and upon exercising an SAR, the participant
must generally recognize ordinary income equal to the cash or the fair market
value of the freely transferable and nonforfeitable stock received. In each
case, the Company will be entitled to a deduction for the amount recognized as
ordinary income by the participant. The treatment to a participant of a
disposition of shares acquired upon the exercise of an SAR or option depends on
how long the shares have been held and on whether such shares are acquired by
exercising an ISO or by exercising an option other than an ISO. Generally, there
will be no tax consequences to the Company in connection with a disposition of
shares acquired under an option except that the Company will be entitled to a
deduction (and the employee will recognize ordinary taxable income) if shares
acquired under an ISO are disposed of before the applicable ISO holding periods
have been satisfied. Different tax rules apply with respect to participants who
are subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
when they acquire stock in a transaction deemed to be a nonexempt purchase under
that statute.
 
     With respect to other awards granted under the Plan that may be settled
either in cash or in stock or other property that is either not restricted as to
transferability or not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, the
participant must generally recognize ordinary income equal to the cash or the
fair market value of shares or other property received. The Company will be
entitled to a deduction for the same amount. With respect to awards involving
stock or other property that is restricted as to transferability and subject to
a substantial risk
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   22
 
of forfeiture, the participant must generally recognize ordinary income equal to
the fair market value of the shares or other property received at the first time
the shares or other property become transferable or not subject to a substantial
risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier. The Company will be entitled to a
deduction for the same amount. In certain circumstances, a participant may elect
to be taxed at the time of receipt of shares or other property rather than upon
the lapse of restrictions on transferability or the substantial risk of
forfeiture.
 
     The foregoing provides only a general description of the application of
federal income tax laws to certain types of awards under the Plan. The summary
does not address the effects of foreign, state and local tax laws. Because of
the variety of awards that may be made under the Plan and the complexities of
the tax laws, participants are encouraged to consult a tax advisor as to their
individual circumstances.
 
     Vote Required. Adoption of the proposal to approve the Plan requires an
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares present in person or
represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
 
     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE
1996 STOCK PLAN.
 
           SUMMARY OF THE 1996 STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 
INTRODUCTION
 
     On March 21, 1996, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the 1996
Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "Directors Plan"), subject to
stockholder approval. The Directors Plan, if approved by the stockholders, will
replace the 1988 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "1988 Plan"),
and no further awards will be made under such plan. The Directors Plan is
intended to pay a portion of the annual compensation for non-employee Directors'
services at reasonable, pre-determined levels and in ways that promote ownership
of a greater proprietary interest in the Company, thereby aligning such
Directors' interests more closely with the interests of stockholders of the
Company and to assist the Company in attracting and retaining highly qualified
persons to serve as non-employee Directors.
 
     The 1988 Plan, which the Directors Plan will replace, provides for an
automatic annual grant to each non-employee Director of an option to purchase
2,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock. Stock options in such amount will
continue to be awarded each year under the Directors Plan. However, to promote
the objective of increasing non-employee Director ownership in the Company, the
Directors Plan will also provide for an annual grant of 250 shares of the
Company's Common Stock to each non-employee Director. The Board of Directors
intends that this annual grant not represent an increase in the compensation of
non-employee Directors, and therefore the Board has determined to reduce by 50
percent the amount of the current annual cash retainer, from $24,000 to $12,000,
effective upon approval of the Directors Plan by the stockholders. The amount of
such reduction is approximately equal to the market value of the 250 shares at
March 21, 1996, although the market value of each grant of 250 shares under the
Directors Plan will depend on the market price of Common Stock at the date such
shares are granted. The amount of the annual cash retainer is not a term of the
Directors Plan, however, but remains subject to determinations of the Board. In
addition, the Directors Plan will permit non-employee Directors to elect to
receive all or part of their remaining cash fees in the form of Common Stock or
deferred stock, as described below.
 
     The following summary of the material terms of the Directors Plan is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Directors Plan,
attached hereto as Exhibit B.
 
SUMMARY OF AWARDS UNDER THE DIRECTORS PLAN
 
     General Terms. A total of 100,000 shares of Common Stock are reserved and
available for issuance under the Directors Plan, plus the number of shares
currently available or which become available for issuance under the 1988 Plan
(estimated to be approximately 200,000 shares). Such shares may be authorized
and unissued shares, treasury shares or shares acquired for participants'
accounts. If any stock option expires without having been exercised in full, the
shares subject to the unexercised portion of the option will again be available
for issuance under the Directors Plan. The aggregate number and kind of shares
issuable under the Directors Plan
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   23
 
and the exercise price of options will be appropriately adjusted in the event of
a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spin-off,
combination, repurchase, exchange of shares or other securities of the Company,
stock split or reverse split, stock dividend, other extraordinary dividends,
liquidation, dissolution, or other similar corporate transaction or event
affecting the Common Stock, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of
non-employee Directors' rights under the Directors Plan.
 
     The Directors Plan will be administered by the Board of Directors of the
Company, provided that any action by the Board, in addition to any other
required vote, shall be taken only if approved by a majority of the Directors
who are not then eligible to participate in the Directors Plan, even if not a
quorum. The Directors Plan may be amended, altered, suspended, discontinued or
terminated by the Board without further stockholder approval, unless such
approval of an amendment or alteration is required by law or regulation or under
the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (or other stock exchange or automated
quotation system on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted). Thus,
stockholder approval will not necessarily be required for amendments which might
increase the cost of the Directors Plan or broaden eligibility. Stockholder
approval will not be deemed to be required under laws or regulations that
condition favorable treatment of optionees on such approval, although the Board
may, in its discretion, seek stockholder approval in any circumstance in which
it deems such approval advisable.
 
     The Directors Plan will become effective upon its approval by the
stockholders. Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Directors Plan will
terminate when no shares remain available under the Directors Plan, and the
Company and non-employee Directors have no further rights and obligations under
the Directors Plan.
 
     Stock Options. The Directors Plan generally provides for an annual grant to
each director who is not an employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the
Company of an option to purchase 2,000 shares of Common Stock. Generally, such
grants will be made automatically in three installments on the dates of the
Company's Board meetings in March, July and November of each year, beginning in
July 1996. Each non-employee Director received options to acquire 666 shares of
Common Stock under the 1988 Plan in March 1996. If the nominees for election
named in this proxy statement are elected, 12 directors will qualify as
non-employee Directors under the Directors Plan in 1996.
 
     Stock options granted under the Directors Plan are non-qualified stock
options having an exercise price equal to 100 percent of the fair market value
of the Common Stock on the date of grant as defined by the Directors Plan.
Non-employee Directors are not required to pay any cash consideration at the
time options are granted. The exercise price of an option may be paid in cash or
by surrendering previously acquired shares of Common Stock. On March 22, 1996,
the reported closing price of the Company's Common Stock in New York Stock
Exchange Composite Transactions was $49.50 per share.
 
     Stock options granted under the Directors Plan are immediately exercisable.
Such options will expire at the earlier of ten years after the date of grant or
five years after the optionee ceases serving as a director for any reason.
Options generally are not transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will or
by the laws of descent and distribution or to a designated beneficiary in the
event of death, and are exercisable during the director's lifetime only by the
director, except that transfers of awards for estate planning purposes will be
permitted if SEC regulations are modified (as currently proposed) to permit such
transfers.
 
     Stock Grants. In addition to stock option grants, the Directors Plan
provides that each eligible non-employee Director will be granted 250 shares of
Common Stock of the Company as of the close of business on the date of the
adoption of the Directors Plan and each year thereafter on the date of the
Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As discussed above, the Board of
Directors intends that this annual grant not represent an increase in the
compensation of non-employee Directors. Non-employee Directors may elect to
defer the receipt of such shares by making an election to do so as provided
under the terms of the Directors Plan. If receipt of the Shares is deferred,
dividend equivalents equal to any dividends on shares of Common Stock will be
paid to the director or, at the director's election, credited to such director's
deferred stock account, to be deemed reinvested in additional deferred stock.
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   24
 
     Election to Receive Stock in Lieu of Cash. The Directors Plan also permits
a non-employee Director to elect to receive the balance of fees otherwise
payable in cash in the form of Common Stock, or defer receipt of such fees in
the form of deferred stock. The non-employee Director may make such election for
all or any portion of the fees otherwise payable to him or her, including fees
for service as chairman of a Board committee. If a non-employee Director elects
to receive fees in the form of Common Stock, the Company will issue to the
non-employee Director or to an account designated by such director a number of
shares having an aggregate fair market value equal to the fees (or as nearly as
possible equal to the fees) that would have been payable at that date, but for
the election to receive shares instead. If a non-employee Director elects to
receive fees in the form of deferred stock, the Company will credit a deferral
account established for such director with a number of shares of deferred stock
equal to the number of shares (including fractional shares) having an aggregate
fair market value at that date equal to the fees that otherwise would have been
payable at such date but for the election to receive deferred stock instead.
Dividend equivalents equal to any dividends on shares of Common Stock will be
paid to the non-employee Director or, at the non-employee Director's election,
credited to such director's deferred stock account, to be deemed reinvested in
additional deferred stock. A non-employee Director's deferred stock account will
be settled, at such time or times as may be elected by the non-employee Director
in his or her original deferral election form, by delivering one share of Common
Stock for each share of deferred stock then credited to the account and subject
to such settlement, together with cash in lieu of any fractional share. Shares
of Common Stock and deferred stock acquired under the Directors Plan are
non-forfeitable.
 
     New Plan Benefits Table. The following table sets forth the number of
options and shares of Common Stock that would have been automatically granted to
non-employee Directors as a group under the Directors Plan in 1995 had the
Directors Plan been in effect during that year:
 
                               New Plan Benefits
 
                   1996 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    POSITION                                 NUMBER OF UNITS
    -----------------------------------------   -----------------------------------------
    <S>                                         <C>
        Non-Employee Directors as a Group                28,000 options granted
                 (14 in number)                           3,500 shares granted
</TABLE>
 
It is not possible at present to predict the number of shares that will be
issuable under the Directors Plan to non-employee Directors as Common Stock or
deferred stock in lieu of fees at the election of each non-employee Director.
 
     Federal Income Tax Consequences. The following is a brief description of
the federal income tax consequences generally arising with respect to grants of
options and stock, and acquisitions of stock or deferred stock in lieu of fees
under the Directors Plan. This discussion is intended for the information of
stockholders considering how to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
not as tax guidance to non-employee Directors who participate in the Directors
Plan.
 
     The grant of an option will create no tax consequences for the optionee or
the Company. Upon exercise of an option, the optionee must generally recognize
ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock acquired on
the date of exercise minus the exercise price, and the Company will be entitled
to a deduction equal to the amount recognized as ordinary income by the
optionee. A disposition of shares acquired upon the exercise of an option
generally will result in short-term or long-term capital gain or loss measured
by the difference between the sale price and the participant's tax basis (i.e.,
the exercise price plus the amount recognized as ordinary income) in such
shares. Generally, there will be no tax consequences to the Company in
connection with a disposition of option shares. Different rules may apply to an
option exercised by a director less than six months after the date of grant.
 
     A non-employee Director acquiring Common Stock under the Directors Plan,
whether as a grant or in lieu of fees, will recognize ordinary income equal to
the fair market value of the Common Stock acquired on the date of acquisition.
If a non-employee Director defers receipt of a stock grant or elects deferred
stock in
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   25
 
lieu of fees, he or she will not recognize ordinary income at the date the
Common Stock or fees would otherwise have been granted or paid or as a result of
the crediting of deferred stock to his or her account (including upon deemed
reinvestment of dividend equivalents). The non-employee Director will, however,
at the date of settlement of the deferred stock by issuance of Common Stock,
recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock
acquired at that date.
 
     Vote Required. Adoption of the proposal to approve the Directors Plan
requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares present in
person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
 
     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR APPROVAL OF THE
1996 STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS.
 
                      COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's
directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10
percent of the Company's stock to file certain reports with the SEC and the New
York Stock Exchange concerning their beneficial ownership of the Company's
equity securities. The SEC regulations also require that a copy of all such
Section 16(a) forms filed must be furnished to the Company by the executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 percent stockholders.
 
     Based on a review of the copies of such forms and amendments thereto
received by the Company with respect to 1995, the Company is aware that Mr. Jack
A. MacAllister, a director, filed a late report relating to a single
transaction.
 
               RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
 
     Upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors has
appointed, subject to stockholder approval, the firm of Ernst & Young LLP,
independent public accountants, as the independent auditor of the Company for
calendar year 1996. The firm of Ernst & Young LLP and its predecessor has served
the Company in this capacity for many years. Management recommends a vote "FOR"
the ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for 1996.
 
     A representative of Ernst & Young LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders and will be available to respond to appropriate questions.
Although the audit firm has indicated that no statement will be made, an
opportunity for a statement will be provided.
 
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 1997
 
     In order for a stockholder proposal to be considered for inclusion in the
Company's 1997 Proxy Statement, such proposal must be received by the Company no
later than December 1, 1996. The proposal should be addressed to the Secretary,
The Williams Companies, Inc., One Williams Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74172. Upon
receipt of any such proposal, the Company will determine whether or not to
include such proposal in the Proxy Statement in accordance with applicable law.
It is suggested that such proposals be sent by certified mail - return receipt
requested.
 
GENERAL
 
     The Company knows of no matters to be presented at the meeting other than
those included in the Notice. Should any other matter requiring a vote of
stockholders arise, including a question of adjourning the meeting, the persons
named in the accompanying proxy will vote thereon according to their best
judgment in what they consider the best interests of the Company. The enclosed
proxy confers discretionary authority to take action with respect to any
additional matters which may come before the meeting.
 
                                       23
<PAGE>   26
 
     It is important that your stock be represented at the meeting regardless of
the number of shares you hold. Whether or not you plan to attend, please sign,
date and return the enclosed proxy promptly. For your convenience, a return
envelope is enclosed requiring no additional postage if mailed within the United
States.
 
                                             By Order of the Board of Directors
 
                                                      David M. Higbee
                                                         Secretary
Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 27, 1996
 
                                       24
<PAGE>   27
 
                                                                       EXHIBIT A
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                                1996 STOCK PLAN
 
                                   SECTION 1
 
                                    PURPOSES
 
     1.01 The purposes of The Williams Companies, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (the
"Plan"), are to enable The Williams Companies, Inc. (together with any successor
thereto, the "Company") and its subsidiaries to attract and retain key
employees, reward such employees for superior performance and encourage such
employees to increase their proprietary interest in the Company in order to
provide them with additional motivation to continue in the Company's employ and
to further its profitable growth.
 
                                   SECTION 2
 
                           DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION
 
     2.01 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in the Plan,
the following terms as used in the Plan shall have the following meanings when
used with initial capital letters:
 
          2.01.1 "Affiliate" means any entity other than the Company in which
     the Company owns, directly or indirectly, at least 20 percent of the
     combined voting power of all classes of stock of such entity or at least 20
     percent of the ownership interests in such entity.
 
          2.01.2 "Award" means any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted
     Stock, Deferred Stock, Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent or Other
     Stock-Based Award, or any other right or interest relating to Shares or
     cash granted under the Plan.
 
          2.01.3 "Award Agreement" means any written agreement, contract, notice
     to a Participant or other instrument or document evidencing an Award.
 
          2.01.4 "Board" means the Company's Board of Directors.
 
          2.01.5 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
     time to time. References to any provision of the Code include regulations
     hereunder and successor provisions and regulations thereto.
 
          2.01.6 "Committee" means the Compensation Committee or such other
     Committee of the Board as may be designated by the Board to administer the
     Plan, as referred to in Section 3.01 hereof; provided, however, that the
     Committee will consist of not less than two directors, each of whom shall
     be a "disinterested person" within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 if then
     required in order that grants will be exempt under that Rule.
 
          2.01.7 "Deferred Stock" means a right, granted under Section 6.05
     hereof, to receive Shares at the end of a specified deferral period.
 
          2.01.8 "Disability" means disability as determined under procedures
     established by the Committee for purposes of the Plan.
 
          2.01.9 "Dividend Equivalent" means a right, granted under Section 6.07
     hereof, to receive payments equal to dividends paid on a specified number
     of Shares.
 
          2.01.10 "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended from time to time. References to any provision of the Exchange Act
     include rules thereunder and successor provisions and rules thereto.
 
          2.01.11 "Fair Market Value" of a Share means, as of any given date,
     the closing sales price of a Share reported in the table entitled "New York
     Stock Exchange Composite Transactions" contained in
 
                                       A-1
<PAGE>   28
 
     The Wall Street Journal (or an equivalent successor table) for such date
     or, if no such closing sales price was reported for such date, for the most
     recent trading day prior to such date for which a closing sales price was
     reported.
 
          2.01.12 "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option that is intended to
     meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Code.
 
          2.01.13 "Non-Qualified Stock Option" means an Option that is not
     intended to be an Incentive Stock Option.
 
          2.01.14 "Option" means a right, granted under Section 6.02 hereof, to
     purchase Shares or other Awards at a specified price during specified time
     periods. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a
     Non-Qualified Stock Option.
 
          2.01.15 "Other Stock-Based Awards" means a right, granted under
     Section 6.08 hereof, that relates to or is valued by reference to Shares or
     other Awards relating to Shares.
 
          2.01.16 "Participant" means an officer of the Company or any employee
     of the Company or an Affiliate granted an Award which remains outstanding
     under the Plan.
 
          2.01.17 "Performance Award" means a right to receive Awards based upon
     performance criteria specified by the Committee.
 
          2.01.18 "Person" has the meaning assigned in the Exchange Act.
 
          2.01.19 "Restricted Stock" means Shares, granted under Section 6.04
     hereof, that are subject to certain restrictions and to a risk of
     forfeiture.
 
          2.01.20 "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3, as amended from time to time,
     or any successor to such Rule promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
     Commission under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
 
          2.01.21 "Shares" means shares of the Common Stock of the Company,
     $1.00 par value, and such other securities of the Company as may be
     substituted or resubstituted for Shares pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof.
 
          2.01.22 "Stock Appreciation Right" means a right, granted under
     Section 6.03 hereof, to be paid an amount measured by the appreciation in
     the Fair Market Value of Shares from the date of grant of the Award, except
     as provided in Section 7.01, to the date of exercise of the Award, except
     as provided in Section 6.03, with payment to be made in cash, Shares or
     other Awards as specified in the Award.
 
     Definitions of the terms "Change of Control," "Potential Change of
Control," "Change of Control Price," "Related Party" and "Voting Securities" are
set forth in Section 9.03 hereof.
 
     2.02 Construction. For purposes of the Plan, the following rules of
construction will apply:
 
          2.02.1 The word "or" is disjunctive but not necessarily exclusive.
 
          2.02.2 Words in the singular include the plural; words in the plural
     include the singular; and words in the neuter gender include the masculine
     and feminine genders and words in the masculine or feminine gender include
     the other and neuter genders.
 
                                   SECTION 3
 
                                 ADMINISTRATION
 
     3.01 The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall
have full and final authority to take the following actions, in each case
subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan:
 
          (i) to designate Participants;
 
          (ii) to determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each
     Participant;
 
                                       A-2
<PAGE>   29
 
          (iii) to determine the number of Awards to be granted, the number of
     Shares or amount of cash or other property to which an Award will relate,
     the terms and conditions of any Award (including, but not limited to, any
     exercise price, grant price or purchase price, any limitation or
     restriction, any schedule for or performance conditions relating to the
     lapse of limitations, forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on
     exercisability or transferability, and accelerations or waivers thereof,
     based in each case on such considerations as the Committee shall
     determine), and all other matters to be determined in connection with an
     Award;
 
          (iv) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances
     an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid
     in, cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, or an Award may be
     accelerated, vested, canceled, forfeited or surrendered;
 
          (v) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances
     cash, Shares, other Awards, other property and other amounts payable with
     respect to an Award will be deferred either automatically, at the election
     of the Committee or at the election of the Participant;
 
          (vi) to prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be
     identical for each Participant;
 
          (vii) to adopt, amend, suspend, waive and rescind such rules and
     regulations and appoint such agents as the Committee may deem necessary or
     advisable to administer the Plan;
 
          (viii) to correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any
     inconsistency, and to construe and interpret the Plan, the rules and
     regulations, any Award Agreement or any other instrument entered into, or
     relating, to an Award under the Plan; and
 
          (ix) to make all other decisions and determinations as may be required
     under the terms of the Plan or as the Committee may deem necessary or
     advisable for the administration of the Plan.
 
     Any action of the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be final,
conclusive and binding on all Persons, including the Company, Affiliates,
Participants, any Person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any
Participant and stockholders, except to the extent the Committee may
subsequently modify, or take further action not consistent with, its prior
action. If not specified in the Plan, the time at which the Committee must or
may make any determination shall be determined by the Committee, and any such
determination may thereafter be modified by the Committee (subject to Section
10.01). The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, and the taking
of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power or
authority of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to officers or managers
of the Company or of any Affiliate the authority, subject to such terms as the
Committee shall determine, to perform specified functions under the Plan;
provided, however, that any function relating to a Participant then subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be performed solely by the Committee if
necessary to ensure compliance with applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3 or
Rule 16a-1(c)(3). Each member of the Committee or Person acting on behalf of the
Committee shall be entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or
other information furnished to him by any officer, manager or other employee of
the Company or any Affiliate, the Company's independent certified public
accountants or any executive compensation consultant or other professional
retained by the Company to assist in the administration of the Plan. Any and all
powers, authorizations and discretions granted by the Plan to the Committee
shall likewise be exercisable at any time by the Board, except to the extent
such exercise relating to a Participant then subject to Section 16 of the
Exchange Act would fail to comply with applicable requirements of Rule 16b3 or
Rule 16a-1(c)(3).
 
                                   SECTION 4
 
                           SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN
 
     4.01 Shares Reserved and Available. Subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 8.01 hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for
distribution under the Plan shall be two million (2,000,000) Shares; provided,
however, that such number shall be increased by the number of Shares currently
available under The Williams Companies, Inc. 1990 Stock Plan and not covered by
Awards granted thereunder or
 
                                       A-3
<PAGE>   30
 
otherwise are not issued or issuable out of the Shares reserved thereunder;
provided further, that the number of Shares issued as Awards other than Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the
total number of Shares issuable under the Plan.
 
     For purposes of this Section 4.01, the number of Shares to which an Award
relates shall be counted against the number of Shares reserved and available
under the Plan at the time of grant of the Award, unless such number of Shares
cannot be determined at that time, in which case the number of Shares actually
distributed pursuant to the Award shall be counted against the number of Shares
reserved and available under the Plan at the time of distribution; provided,
however, that Awards related to or retroactively added to, or granted in tandem
with, substituted for or converted into, other Awards shall be counted or not
counted against the number of Shares reserved and available under the Plan in
accordance with procedures adopted by the Committee so as to ensure appropriate
counting but avoid double counting; and, provided further, that the number of
Shares deemed to be issued under the Plan upon exercise or settlement of any
Award shall be reduced by the number of Shares surrendered by the Participant or
withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise or purchase price of the
Award and withholding taxes relating to the Award.
 
     If any Shares to which an Award relates are forfeited, or payment is made
to the Participant in the form of cash, cash equivalents or other property other
than Shares, or the Award otherwise terminates without payment being made to the
Participant in the form of Shares, any Shares counted against the number of
Shares reserved and available under the Plan with respect to such Award shall,
to the extent of any such forfeiture, alternative payment or termination, again
be available for Awards under the Plan. Any Shares distributed pursuant to an
Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Shares or of
treasury Shares, including Shares repurchased by the Company for purposes of the
Plan.
 
     4.02 Annual Individual Limitations. During any calendar year, no
Participant may be granted Awards under the Plan with respect to more than one
hundred fifty thousand (150,000) Shares, subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 8.01. For purposes of this Section 4.02, unless more restrictive
counting is required in order for Awards to comply with the requirements of Code
Section 162(m), this provision will limit the maximum number of Shares that
potentially can be issued to a Participant under Awards (taking into
consideration the terms of the Awards, including tandem exercise or settlement
provisions).
 
                                   SECTION 5
 
                                  ELIGIBILITY
 
     5.01 Awards may be granted only to officers of the Company or to employees
of the Company or any Affiliate (including employees who also are directors or
officers) who are, or are believed by the Committee likely to be, subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company (including employees
who also are directors or officers) of the Company or any Affiliate; provided,
however, that no Award shall be granted to any member of the Committee.
 
                                   SECTION 6
 
                            SPECIFIC TERMS OF AWARDS
 
     6.01 General. Awards may be granted on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Section 6. In addition, the Committee may impose on any Award or the
exercise or settlement thereof, at the date of grant or thereafter (subject to
the terms of Section 10.01), such additional terms and conditions, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine,
including terms requiring forfeiture of Awards in the event of termination of
employment by the Participant. Except as may be required under the Delaware
General Corporation Law or as provided in Section 6.09 or 7.01, Awards shall be
granted for no consideration other than prior and future services.
 
     6.02 Options. The Committee is authorized to grant Options on the following
terms and conditions:
 
                                       A-4
<PAGE>   31
 
      (i)  Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share purchasable under an
           Option shall be determined by the Committee; provided, however, that,
           except as provided in Section 7.01, such exercise price shall not be
           less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of
           such Option and in no event shall be less than the par value of a
           Share.
 
      (ii) Option Term. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable
           Award Agreement, the term of each Option shall be determined by the
           Committee.
 
     (iii) Methods of Exercise. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee
           shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised
           in whole or in part, the methods by which such exercise price may be
           paid or deemed to be paid, and the form of such payment, including,
           without limitation, cash, Shares, other outstanding Awards or other
           property (including notes or other contractual obligations of
           Participants to make payment on a deferred basis, to the extent
           permitted by law).
 
      (iv) Incentive Stock Options. The terms of any Incentive Stock Option
           granted under the Plan shall comply in all material respects with the
           provisions of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision
           thereto.
 
     6.03  Stock Appreciation Rights. The Committee is authorized to grant Stock
Appreciation Rights on the following terms and conditions:
 
      (i)  Right to Payment. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable
           Award Agreement, a Stock Appreciation Right shall confer on the
           Participant to whom it is granted a right to receive, upon exercise
           thereof, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
           date of exercise or, if the Committee shall so determine in the case
           of any such right other than one related to any Incentive Stock
           Option, and so specify in the Award Agreement, at any time during a
           specified period before or after the date of exercise, over (ii) the
           grant price of the Stock Appreciation Right as determined by the
           Committee as of the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right,
           which, except as provided in Section 7.01, shall not be less than the
           Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.
 
      (ii) Other Terms. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable
           Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine the term, methods of
           exercise, methods of settlement and any other terms and conditions of
           any Stock Appreciation Right.
 
     6.04  Restricted Stock. The Committee is authorized to grant Restricted
Stock on the following terms and conditions:
 
      (i)  Issuance and Restrictions. Restricted Stock shall be subject to such
           restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the
           Committee may impose (including, without limitation, limitations on
           the right to vote a Share of Restricted Stock or the right to receive
           dividends thereon), which restrictions may lapse separately or in
           combination at such times, in such installments or otherwise, as the
           Committee shall determine; provided, however, that Restricted Stock
           shall be subject to a restriction on transferability and a risk of
           forfeiture for a period of not less than one year after the date of
           grant if the grant was conditioned upon achievement of one or more
           performance objectives and three years after the date of grant in
           other cases, except that such restrictions may lapse, if so 
           determined by the Committee, in the event of the Participant's 
           termination of employment due to death, disability, normal or 
           approved early retirement, or involuntary termination by the 
           Company or an Affiliate without "cause."
 
      (ii) Forfeiture. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, upon
           termination of employment (as determined under criteria established
           by the Committee) during the applicable restriction period,
           Restricted Stock that is at that time subject to a risk of forfeiture
           shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Company; provided, however,
           that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any Award
           Agreement, that restrictions on Restricted Stock will be waived in
           whole or in part in the
 
                                       A-5
<PAGE>   32
 
           event of terminations resulting from specified causes, and the
           Committee may in other cases waive in whole or in part restrictions
           on Restricted Stock, except as provided in Section 6.04(i).
 
     (iii) Certificates for Shares. Restricted Stock granted under the Plan may
           be evidenced in such manner as the Committee shall determine,
           including, without limitation, issuance of certificates representing
           Shares. Certificates representing Shares of Restricted Stock shall be
           registered in the name of the Participant and may bear an appropriate
           legend referring to the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable
           to such Restricted Stock.
 
     6.05  Deferred Stock. The Committee is authorized to grant Deferred Stock 
on the following terms and conditions:
 
      (i)  Issuance and Limitations. Delivery of Shares will occur upon
           expiration of the deferral period specified for the Award of Deferred
           Stock by the Committee. In addition, an Award of Deferred Stock shall
           be subject to such limitations as the Committee may impose, which
           limitations may lapse at the expiration of the deferral period or at
           other specified times, separately or in combination, in installments
           or otherwise, as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant 
           or thereafter. A Participant awarded Deferred Stock will have no 
           voting rights and will have no rights to receive dividends in 
           respect of Deferred Stock, unless and only to the extent that the 
           Committee shall award Dividend Equivalents in respect of such 
           Deferred Stock.
 
      (ii) Forfeiture. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, upon
           termination of employment (as determined under criteria established
           by the Committee) during the applicable deferral period, Deferred
           Stock that is at that time subject to deferral (other than a deferral
           at the election of the Participant) shall be forfeited; provided,
           however, that the Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in
           any Award Agreement, that forfeiture of Deferred Stock will be waived
           in whole or in part in the event of terminations resulting from
           specified causes, and the Committee may in other cases waive in whole
           or in part the forfeiture of Deferred Stock.
 
     6.07  Dividend Equivalents. The Committee is authorized to grant Awards of
Dividend Equivalents. Dividend Equivalents shall confer upon the Participant
rights to receive payments equal to interest or dividends, when and if paid,
with respect to a number of Shares determined by the Committee. The Committee
may provide that Dividend Equivalents shall be paid or distributed when accrued
or shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or additional
Awards or otherwise reinvested.
 
     6.08  Other Stock-Based Awards. The Committee is authorized, subject to
limitations under applicable law, to grant such other Awards that are
denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or
otherwise based on, or related to, Shares, as deemed by the Committee to be
consistent with the purposes of the Plan including, without limitation, Shares
awarded which are not subject to any restrictions or conditions, convertible or
exchangeable debt securities or other rights convertible or exchangeable into
Shares, Awards valued by reference to the value of securities of or the
performance of specified Affiliates, and Awards payable in securities of
Affiliates. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee shall determine the
terms and conditions of such Awards. Except as provided in Section 6.09 or 7.01,
Shares delivered pursuant to a purchase right granted under this Section 6.08
shall be purchased for such consideration, paid for by such methods and in such
forms, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, outstanding Awards or other
property, as the Committee shall determine, the value of which consideration
shall not be less per share than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of
grant of such purchase right and in no event shall be less per share than the
par value of a Share.
 
     6.09  Exchange Provisions. The Committee may at any time offer to exchange
or buy out any previously granted Award for a payment in cash, Shares or another
Award, based on such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine and
communicate to the Participant at the time that such offer is made.
 
                                       A-6
<PAGE>   33
 
                                   SECTION 7
 
                            GENERAL TERMS OF AWARDS
 
     7.01  Stand-Alone, Tandem and Substitute Awards. Awards granted under the
Plan may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in
addition to, in tandem with, or in substitution for, any other Award granted
under the Plan or any award granted under the 1990 Stock Plan or any other plan
of the Company or any Affiliate (subject to the terms of Sections 10.01 and
11.09). If an Award is granted in substitution for another Award or award, the
Committee shall require the surrender of such other Award or award in
consideration for the grant of the new Award. Awards granted in addition to or
in tandem with other Awards or awards may be granted either at the same time as
or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards or awards. The
exercise price of any Option, the grant price of any Stock Appreciation Right or
the purchase price of any other Award conferring a right to purchase Shares:
 
      (i)  granted in substitution for an outstanding Award or award shall 
           either be not less than the Fair Market Value of Shares at the date
           such substitute Award is granted or not less than such Fair Market
           Value at that date reduced to reflect the Fair Market Value of the
           Award or award required to be surrendered by the Participant as a    
           condition to receipt of a substitute Award; or
        
      (ii) retroactively granted in tandem with an outstanding Award or award
           shall be either not less than the Fair Market Value of Shares at the
           date of grant of the later Award or the Fair Market Value of Shares
           at the date of grant of the earlier Award or award.
 
     7.02  Compliance with Rule 16b-3.
 
          7.02.1 Six-Month Holding Period. Unless a Participant could otherwise
     dispose of or exercise a derivative security or dispose of Shares issued
     under the Plan without incurring liability under Section 16(b) of the
     Exchange Act, (i) at least six months shall elapse from the date of
     acquisition of a derivative security under the Plan to the date of
     disposition of the derivative security (other than upon exercise or
     conversion) or its underlying equity security, and (ii) Shares granted or
     awarded under the Plan other than upon exercise or conversion of a
     derivative security, shall be held for at least six months from the date of
     grant or Award.
 
          7.02.2 Reformation To Comply with Exchange Act Rules. It is the intent
     of the Company that this Plan comply in all respects with applicable
     provisions of Rule 16b-3 or Rule 16a-1(c)(3) under the Exchange Act in
     connection with any grant of Awards to or other transaction by a
     Participant who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act (except for
     transactions exempted under alternative Exchange Act rules such
     Participant). Accordingly, if any provision of this Plan or any Award
     Agreement relating to a given Award does not comply with the requirements
     of Rule 16b-3 or Rule 16a-1(c)(3) as then applicable to any such
     transaction, such provision will be construed or deemed amended to the
     extent necessary to conform to the then-applicable requirements of Rule
     16b-3 or Rule 16a-1(c)(3) to the extent necessary so that such Participant
     shall avoid liability under Section 16(b). In addition, the exercise price
     of any Award carrying a right to exercise granted to a Participant subject
     to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be not less than 50% of the Fair
     Market Value of Stock as of the date such Award is granted if such pricing
     limitation is required under Rule 16b-3 at the time of such grant.
 
     7.03  Term of Awards. The term of each Award shall be for such period
as may be determined by the Committee; provided, however, that in no event
shall the term of any Incentive Stock Option or a Stock Appreciation Right
granted in tandem therewith exceed a period of ten years from the date of its
grant.
 
     7.04  Form of Payment of Awards. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any
applicable Award Agreement, payments or substitutions to be made by the Company
or an Affiliate upon the grant or exercise of an Award may be made in such forms
as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, deferred
cash, Shares, other Awards or other property, and may be made in a single
payment or substitution, in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in
accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee. Such rules
and procedures may include, without limitation, provisions for the payment or
 
                                       A-7
<PAGE>   34
 
crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the
grant or crediting of Dividend Equivalents in respect of installment or deferred
payments denominated in Shares.
 
     7.05 Limitations on Transferability. Awards and other rights under the
Plan, including any Award or right which constitutes a derivative security as
generally defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act, will not be
transferable by a Participant except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution (or, in the event of the Participant's death, to a designated
beneficiary), and, if exercisable, shall be exercisable during the lifetime of a
Participant only by such Participant or his guardian or legal representative;
provided, however, that such Awards and other rights (other than Incentive Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights in tandem therewith) may be transferred to
one or more Persons during the lifetime of the Participant in connection with
the Participant's estate planning, and may be exercised by such transferees in
accordance with the terms of such Award, but only if and to the extent then
permitted under Rule 16b-3, consistent with the registration of the offer and
sale of Shares on Form S-8 or Form S-3 or such other registration form of the
Securities and Exchange Commission as may then be filed and effective with
respect to the Plan, and permitted by the Committee. Awards and other rights
under the Plan may not be pledged, mortgaged, hypothecated, or otherwise
encumbered to or in favor of any Person other than the Company or an Affiliate,
and shall not be subject to any lien, obligation or liability of a Participant
or transferee to any Person other than the Company or any Affiliate. If so
determined by the Committee, a Participant may, in the manner established by the
Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of
the Participant, and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon
the death of the Participant. A transferee, beneficiary, guardian, legal
representative or other Person claiming any rights under the Plan from or
through any Participant shall be subject to all the terms and conditions of the
Plan and any Award Agreement applicable to such Participant, except to the
extent the Plan and Award Agreement otherwise provide with respect to such
Persons, and to any additional restrictions or limitations deemed necessary or
appropriate by the Committee.
 
     7.06 Registration and Listing Compliance. The Company shall not be
obligated to issue or deliver Shares in connection with any Award or take any
other action under the Plan in a transaction subject to the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other federal or
state securities law, any requirement under any listing agreement between the
Company and any national securities exchange or automated quotation system, or
any other law, regulation, or contractual obligation of the Company, until the
Company is satisfied that such laws, regulations, and other obligations of the
Company have been complied with in full.
 
     7.07 Share Certificates. All certificates for Shares delivered under the
terms of the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders and other
restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under federal or state
securities laws, rules and regulations thereunder, and the rules of any national
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which Shares are listed or
quoted. The Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions or any other
restrictions or limitations that may be applicable to Shares. In addition,
during any period in which Awards or Shares are subject to restrictions or
limitations under the terms of the Plan or any Award Agreement, or during any
period during which delivery or receipt of an Award or Shares has been deferred
by the Committee or a Participant, the Committee may require any Participant to
enter into an agreement providing that certificates representing Shares issuable
or issued pursuant to an Award shall remain in the physical custody of the
Company or such other Person as the Committee may designate.
 
     7.08 Performance-Based Awards. The Committee may, in its discretion,
designate any Award that is subject to the achievement of performance conditions
as a performance-based Award subject to this Section 7.08, in order to qualify
such Award as "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning of
Code Section 162(m). The performance objectives for an Award subject to this
Section 7.08 shall consist of one or more business criteria and a targeted level
or levels of performance with respect to such criteria, as specified by the
Committee but subject to this Section 7.08. Such performance objectives shall be
objective and shall otherwise meet the requirements of Section 162(m)(4)(C) of
the Code. Business criteria
 
                                       A-8
<PAGE>   35
 
used by the Committee in establishing such performance objectives shall be
selected exclusively from among the following:
 
     (1) Annual net income to common stock;
 
     (2) Operating profit;
 
     (3) Annual return on capital or equity;
 
     (4) Annual earnings per share;
 
     (5) Annual cash flow provided by operations;
 
     (6) Changes in annual revenues; and/or
 
     (7) Strategic business criteria, consisting of one or more objectives based
         on meeting specified revenue, market penetration, geographic business
         expansion goals, cost targets, and goals relating to acquisitions or
         divestitures.
 
The levels of performance required with respect to such business criteria may be
expressed in absolute or relative levels. Achievement of performance objectives
with respect to such Awards shall be measured over a period of not less than one
year nor more than five years, as the Committee may specify. Performance
objectives may differ for such Awards to different Participants. The Committee
shall specify the weighting to be given to each performance objective for
purposes of determining the final amount payable with respect to any such Award.
The Committee may, in its discretion, reduce the amount of a payout otherwise to
be made in connection with an Award subject to this Section 7.08, but may not
exercise discretion to increase such amount, and the Committee may consider
other performance criteria in exercising such discretion. All determinations by
the Committee as to the achievement of performance objectives shall be in
writing. The Committee may not delegate any responsibility with respect to an
Award subject to this Section 7.08.
 
                                   SECTION 8
 
                             ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS
 
     8.01 In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or
other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or
other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse stock split,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination,
repurchase, exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other
similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that an
adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent
dilution or enlargement of Participants' rights under the Plan, then the
Committee shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of:
(i) the number and kind of Shares which may thereafter be issued in connection
with Awards; (ii) the number and kind of Shares issued or issuable in respect of
outstanding Awards; (iii) the number and kind of Shares of outstanding
Restricted Stock or relating to any other outstanding Award in connection with
which Shares have been issued; (iv) the number of Shares with respect to which
Awards may be granted to a Participant in any calendar year, as set forth in
Section 4.02; and (v) the exercise price, grant price or purchase price relating
to any Award or, if deemed appropriate, make provision for a cash payment with
respect to any outstanding Award; provided, however, in each case, that with
respect to Incentive Stock Options, no such adjustment shall be authorized,
unless previously requested by the Participant, to the extent that such
authority would cause the Plan to violate Section 422(b)(1) of the Code or any
successor provision thereto. In addition, the Committee is authorized to make
adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria in, Awards in
recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation,
events described in the preceding sentence) affecting the Company or any
Affiliate or the financial statements of the Company or any Affiliate, or in
response to changes in applicable laws, regulations or accounting principles.
 
                                       A-9
<PAGE>   36
 
                                   SECTION 9
 
                          CHANGE OF CONTROL PROVISIONS
 
     9.01 Acceleration of Exercisability and Lapse of Restrictions. In the event
of a Change of Control, as defined in Section 9.03.1, the following acceleration
provisions shall apply:
 
      (i) All outstanding Awards pursuant to which the Participant may have
          rights the exercise of which is restricted or limited shall become
          fully exercisable, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section
          7.02.1; unless the right to lapse restrictions or limitations is
          waived or deferred by a Participant prior to such lapse, all
          restrictions or limitations (including risks of forfeiture) on
          outstanding Awards subject to restrictions or limitations under the
          Plan shall lapse; and all performance criteria and other conditions to
          payment of Awards under which payments of cash, Shares or other
          property are subject to conditions shall be deemed to be achieved or
          fulfilled and shall be waived by the Company, except to the extent
          otherwise provided in Section 7.02.1, and;
 
     (ii) In the event that any Award is subject to limitations under Section
          7.02.1 at the time of a Change of Control, then, solely for the
          purpose of determining the rights of the Participant with respect to
          such Award, a Change of Control will be deemed to occur at the close
          of business on the first business day following the date on which the
          limitations on such Award under Section 7.02.1 have expired.
 
     9.02 Creation and Funding of Trust. Upon the earlier of a Potential Change
of Control as defined in Section 9.03.2, unless the Board or the Committee
adopts a resolution within ten business days following the date the Potential
Change of Control arises to the effect that such action is not necessary to
secure any payments hereunder, or a Change of Control as defined in Section
9.03.1, the Company will deposit with the trustee of a trust for the benefit of
Participants monies or other property having a Fair Market Value at least equal
to the net present value of cash, Shares and other property potentially payable
or distributable in connection with Awards outstanding at that date. The trust
shall be an irrevocable grantor trust which shall preserve the "unfunded" status
of Awards under the Plan, and shall contain other terms and conditions
substantially as specified for trusts authorized under the Company's employment
agreements with executives.
 
     9.03 Definitions of Certain Terms. For purposes of this Section 9, the
following definitions, in addition to those set forth in Section 2.01, shall
apply:
 
          9.03.1 "Change of Control" means and will be deemed to have occurred
     if: (i) any Person, other than the Company or a Related Party, is or
     becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
     Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 15
     percent or more of the total voting power of all the then outstanding
     Voting Securities; or (ii) a Person, other than the Company or a Related
     Party, purchases or otherwise acquires, under a tender offer, securities
     representing 15 percent or more of the total voting power of all the then
     outstanding Voting Securities; or
     (iii) the individuals (a) who as of the effective date of the Plan
     constitute the Board or (b) who thereafter are elected to the Board and
     whose election, or nomination for election, to the Board was approved by a
     vote of at least two-thirds ( 2/3) of the directors then still in office
     who either were directors as of the effective date of the Plan or whose
     election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for
     any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (iv) the stockholders of
     the Company approve a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or
     reorganization of the Company or an acquisition by the Company, or
     consummation of any such transaction if stockholder approval is not
     obtained, other than any such transaction which would result in the Voting
     Securities outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent
     (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting
     securities of the surviving entity) at least 80 percent of the total voting
     power represented by the Voting Securities of such surviving entity
     outstanding immediately after such transaction if the voting rights of each
     Voting Security relative to the other Voting Securities were not altered in
     such transaction; or (v) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of
     complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or
     disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's
     assets other than any such transaction which would result in a Related
     Party owning or acquiring more than 50 percent of the assets owned by the
     Company immediately prior to the transaction; or (vi) the Board
 
                                      A-10
<PAGE>   37
 
     adopts a resolution to the effect that a Change of Control has occurred or
     adopts a resolution to the effect that a Potential Change of Control has
     arisen and the transaction giving rise to such resolution has been
     thereafter approved by the stockholders of the Company or been consummated
     if such approval is not sought.
 
          9.03.2 "Potential Change of Control" means and will be deemed to have
     arisen if: (i) the Company enters into an agreement, the consummation of
     which would result in the occurrence of a Change of Control; or (ii) any
     Person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or
     to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change
     of Control; or (iii) any Person, other than a Related Party, files with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission a Schedule 13D pursuant to Rule 13d-1
     under the Exchange Act with respect to Voting Securities; or (iv) any
     Person, other than the Company or a Related Party, files with the Federal
     Trade Commission a notification and report form pursuant to the
     Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 with respect to any
     Voting Securities or a major portion of the assets of the Company; or (v)
     the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of the Plan,
     a Potential Change of Control has arisen. A Potential Change of Control
     will be deemed to continue (i) with respect to an agreement within the
     purview of clause "(i)" of the preceding sentence, until the agreement is
     canceled or terminated; or (ii) with respect to an announcement within the
     purview of clause "(ii)" of the preceding sentence, until the Person making
     the announcement publicly abandons the stated intention or fails to act on
     such intention for a period of twelve (12) calendar months; or (iii) with
     respect to either the filing of a Schedule 13D within the purview of clause
     "(iii)" of the preceding sentence or the filing of a notification and
     report form within the purview of clause "(iv)" of the preceding sentence
     with respect to Voting Securities, until the Person involved publicly
     announces that its ownership or acquisition of the Voting Securities is for
     investment purposes only and not for the purpose of seeking a Change of
     Control or such Person disposes of the Voting Securities; or (iv) with
     respect to any Potential Change of Control, until a Change of Control has
     occurred or the Board, on reasonable belief after due investigation, adopts
     a resolution that the Potential Change of Control has ceased to exist.
 
          9.03.3 "Related Party" means: (i) a majority-owned subsidiary of the
     Company; or (ii) an employee or group of employees of the Company or any
     majority-owned subsidiary of the Company; or (iii) a trustee or other
     fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
     or any majority-owned subsidiary of the Company; or (iv) a corporation
     owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in
     substantially the same proportion as their ownership of Voting Securities.
 
          9.03.4 "Voting Securities" means any securities of the Company which
     carry the right to vote generally in the election of directors.
 
                                   SECTION 10
 
                   AMENDMENTS TO AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN
 
     10.01 The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the
Plan without the consent of stockholders or Participants, except that any
amendment or alteration shall be subject to the approval of the Company's
stockholders at or before the next annual meeting of stockholders for which the
record date is after the date of such Board action if such stockholder approval
is required by any federal or state law or regulation or the rules of any stock
exchange or automated quotation system on which the Stock may then be listed or
quoted, and the Board may otherwise, in its discretion, determine to submit
other such amendments or alterations to stockholders for approval; provided,
however, that, without the consent of a Participant, no amendment, alteration,
suspension, discontinuation or termination of the Plan may materially and
adversely affect the rights of such Participant under any Award theretofore
granted to him. The Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, or
amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate any Award theretofore granted,
prospectively or retrospectively; provided, however, that, without the consent
of a Participant, no amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or
termination of any Award may materially and adversely affect the rights of such
Participant under any Award theretofore granted to him.
 
                                      A-11
<PAGE>   38
 
     Unless earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will terminate when no
Shares remain reserved and available for issuance and the Company has no further
obligation with respect to any Award granted under the Plan.
 
                                   SECTION 11
 
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
     11.01 No Rights to Awards. Nothing contained in the Plan shall give any
Participant or employee any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, nor
give rise to any obligation for uniformity of treatment of Participants and
employees.
 
     11.02 Withholding. The Company or any Affiliate is authorized to withhold
from any Award granted or any payment due under the Plan, including from a
distribution of Shares, amounts of withholding taxes due with respect to an
Award, its exercise or any payment thereunder, and to take such other action as
the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company and
Participants to satisfy obligations for the payment of such taxes. This
authority shall include authority to withhold or receive Shares, Awards or other
property and to make cash payments in respect thereof in satisfaction of such
tax obligations.
 
     11.03 No Right to Employment. Nothing contained in the Plan shall confer,
and no grant of an Award shall be construed as conferring, upon any Participant
any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Affiliate or to
interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate
his employment at any time or increase or decrease his compensation from the
rate in existence at the time of granting of an Award.
 
     11.04 Unfunded Status of Awards; Creation of Trusts. The Plan is intended
to constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With
respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award,
nothing contained in the Plan or any Award shall give any such Participant any
rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company;
provided, however, that, this provision shall not limit the requirements of
Section 9.02, and in addition, the Committee may authorize the creation of
trusts or make other arrangements to meet the Company's obligations under the
Plan to deliver cash, Shares or other property pursuant to any Award, which
trusts or other arrangements shall be consistent with the "unfunded" status of
the Plan unless the Committee otherwise determines.
 
     11.05 No Limit on Other Compensatory Arrangements. Nothing contained in
this Plan shall prevent the Company or any Affiliate from adopting other or
additional compensation arrangements (which may include, without limitation,
employment agreements with executives and arrangements which relate to Awards
under the Plan), and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or
applicable only in specific cases.
 
     11.06 No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or
delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine
whether cash, other Awards or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of
fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall
be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.
 
     11.07 Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and effect
of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall be governed
by the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to the conflicts of laws
thereof), and applicable federal law.
 
     11.08 Severability. If any provision of the Plan is or becomes or is deemed
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would disqualify the
Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such
provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws or
if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the
Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan, it shall be stricken and
the remainder of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect.
 
     11.09 Compliance with Code Section 162(m). It is the intent of the Company
that Awards subject to Section 7.08 shall constitute "qualified
performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Code Section 162(m).
Accordingly, if any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement relating to
such an Award
 
                                      A-12
<PAGE>   39
 
does not comply or is inconsistent with the requirements of Code Section 162(m)
or regulations thereunder, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended
to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements, and no provision shall
be deemed to confer upon the Committee or any other Person discretion to
increase the amount of compensation otherwise payable in connection with any
such Award upon attainment of the applicable performance objectives.
 
                                   SECTION 12
 
                                 EFFECTIVE DATE
 
     12.01 The Plan shall become effective at such time as approved by the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of Shares present in person or
represented by proxy at the Company's 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or
any adjournment thereof.
 
                                      A-13
<PAGE>   40
 
                                                                       EXHIBIT B
 
                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                   1996 STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS
 
     1. PURPOSE. The purpose of The Williams Companies, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan for
Non-Employee Directors (the "Plan") is to advance the interests of The Williams
Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and its stockholders by
providing a means to attract and retain highly qualified persons to serve as
non-employee Directors of the Company and to promote ownership by such directors
of a greater proprietary interest in the Company, thereby aligning such
directors' interests more closely with the interests of stockholders of the
Company.
 
     2. DEFINITIONS. In addition to terms defined elsewhere in the Plan, the
following are defined terms under the Plan:
 
          (a) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
     time to time. References to any provision of the Code include regulations
     thereunder and successor provisions and regulations thereto.
 
          (b) "Deferred Share" means a credit to a Participant's deferral
     account under Section 7(b) or 8 which represents the right to receive one
     Share upon settlement of the deferral account. Deferral accounts, and
     Deferred Shares credited thereto, are maintained solely as bookkeeping
     entries by the Company evidencing unfunded obligations of the Company.
 
          (c) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended. References to any provision of the Exchange Act include rules
     thereunder and successor provisions and rules thereto.
 
          (d) "Fair Market Value" of a Share means, as of any given date, the
     closing sales price of a Share reported in the table entitled "New York
     Stock Exchange Composite Transactions" contained in The Wall Street Journal
     (or an equivalent successor table) for such date or, if no such closing
     sales price was reported for such date, for the most recent trading day
     prior to such date for which a closing sales price was reported.
 
          (e) "Option" means the right, granted to a Participant under Section
     6, to purchase a specified number of Shares at the specified exercise price
     for a specified period of time under the Plan. All Options shall be
     non-qualified stock options.
 
          (f) "Participant" means any person who, as a non-employee Director of
     the Company, has been granted an Option or has been paid fees in the form
     of Deferred Shares or who has elected to be paid fees in the form of Shares
     or Deferred Shares under the Plan.
 
          (g) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3, as from time to time in effect and
     applicable to the Plan and Participants, promulgated by the Securities and
     Exchange Commission under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
 
          (h) "Share" means a share of Common Stock, $1 par value, of the
     Company and such other securities as may be substituted or resubstituted
     for such Share pursuant to Section 9.
 
     3. SHARES AVAILABLE UNDER THE PLAN. Subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 9, the total number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under
the Plan is 100,000; provided, however, that the number shall be increased by
the number of Shares currently available or which otherwise are not issued or
issuable out of the shares reserved under the Company's 1988 Stock Option Plan
for Non-Employee Directors. Such Shares may be authorized but unissued Shares,
treasury Shares, or Shares acquired in the market for the account of the
Participant. For purposes of the Plan, Shares that may be purchased upon
exercise of an Option or delivered in settlement of Deferred Shares shall not be
considered to be available after such Option has been granted or Deferred Shares
credited, except for purposes of issuance in connection with such Option or
Deferred Shares; provided, however, that, if an Option expires for any reason
without having been exercised in
 
                                       B-1
<PAGE>   41
 
full, the Shares subject to the unexercised portion of such Option shall again
be available for issuance under the Plan; and, provided further, that the number
of Shares to be issued under the Plan upon exercise of an Option shall be
reduced by the number of Shares surrendered by the Participant or withheld by
the Company in payment of the exercise price of the Option.
 
     4. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN. The Plan shall be administered by the Board
of Directors of the Company; provided, however, that any action by the Board
relating to the Plan shall be taken only if, in addition to any other required
vote, such action is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors, even if not a quorum, who are not then eligible to participate in the
Plan.
 
     5. ELIGIBILITY. Each director of the Company who, on any date on which an
Option is to be granted under Section 6, Shares are to be granted under Section
7 or fees are to be paid which could be received in the form of Shares or
deferred in the form of Deferred Shares under Section 8, is not an employee of
the Company or any subsidiary of the Company will be eligible, at such date, to
be granted an Option under Section 6, granted Shares under Section 7 or receive
fees in the form of Shares or defer fees in the form of Deferred Shares under
Section 8. No person other than those specified in this Section 5 shall be
eligible to participate in the Plan.
 
     6. OPTIONS. Without further action by the Board of Directors or the
stockholders of the Company, each eligible director shall be automatically
granted annually during the term of the Plan options subject to the terms of the
Plan. Such options shall be granted in three installments, as follows: On the
dates of the regularly scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors of the
Company in March, July and November of each year (or if no meeting is held in
such month, then on the final day of such month), an option for 666 Shares, 666
Shares and 667 Shares, respectively, shall be granted to each person who is an
eligible director at that date, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9.
 
          (a) Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share purchasable upon
     exercise of an Option shall be equal to 100 percent of the Fair Market
     Value of a Share on the date of grant of the Option.
 
          (b) Option Expiration. A Participant's Option shall expire at the
     earlier of (i) ten years after the date of grant or (ii) five years after
     the date the Participant ceases to serve as a director of the Company.
 
          (c) Exercisability. Each option shall be exercisable at any time, or
     from time to time, from the date of grant through the expiration of the
     Option.
 
          (d) Method of Exercise. A Participant may exercise an Option, in whole
     or in part, prior to its expiration, by giving written notice of exercise
     to the Human Resources Department of the Company, specifying the Option to
     be exercised and the number of Shares to be purchased, and paying in full
     the exercise price in cash (including by check) or by surrender of Shares
     already owned by the Participant (except for Shares acquired from the
     Company by exercise of an option less than six months before the date of
     surrender) having a Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the
     exercise price, or by a combination of cash and Shares.
 
     7. STOCK GRANTS. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9, 250 Shares
shall be automatically granted to each director of the Company who is then
eligible to receive such grant on the effective date of the Plan and, beginning
in 1997, at the close of business on the day of each Annual Meeting of
Stockholders at which a class of directors is elected or reelected by the
Company's stockholders.
 
          (a) Condition of Grant and Delivery. The grant and delivery of Shares
     hereunder shall be contingent upon the Participant agreeing to serve as a
     director of the Company and serving as such through the close of business
     after the first meeting of the Board of Directors at or after the date of
     the grant. Unless otherwise elected by the Participant under Section 7(b),
     the Company shall deliver to the Participant, as promptly as practicable
     thereafter, one or more certificates representing the Shares, registered in
     the name of the Participant (or, if directed by the Participant, in the
     joint names of the Participant and his or her spouse), or otherwise make
     delivery of the Shares to a designated third party for the account of such
     Participant.
 
          (b) Deferral of Shares. Each director entitled to be granted Shares
     under this Section 7 may elect to receive all or part of such grant in the
     form of an equal number of Deferred Shares in lieu of delivery of
 
                                       B-2
<PAGE>   42
 
     Shares under Section 7(a). Such election to defer must be filed with the
     Human Resources Department of the Company no later than the due date
     specified in Section 8(a), except that in 1996 and in the case of a
     director newly elected or appointed in a given year, such election must be
     filed no later than the day preceding the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in
     that year, and such election shall become irrevocable (except as provided
     in Section 8(e)) as of such due date. Such election shall be deemed to be
     continuing and therefore applicable to grants in subsequent Plan years
     unless the director revokes or changes such election by filing a new
     election form by such due date. Such election shall specify the number of
     Shares to be deferred in the form of Deferred Shares, the period or periods
     during which settlement of Deferred Shares will be deferred (subject to
     such limitations as may be specified by counsel to the Company), and
     whether dividend equivalents on Deferred Shares are to be credited to the
     Participant's deferral account. The Company shall establish a deferral
     account for each Participant who receives Shares under this Section 7 in
     the form of Deferred Shares, which account may be the same as, and shall in
     any event be on terms similar to the account specified in Section 8(c).
     Settlement of such deferral account shall be governed by Section 8(e).
     Dividend equivalents shall be credited in accordance with Section 8(d);
     provided, however, that elections to have dividend equivalents credited as
     additional Deferred Shares shall be subject to Section 8(f).
 
          (c) Rights of the Participant. A Participant granted Shares hereunder
     shall have, upon delivery, under Section 7(a) or settlement under Section
     8(e), all of the rights of a holder of the Shares, including the right to
     receive dividends paid on such Shares and the right to vote such Shares.
     Upon delivery, such Shares shall be nonforfeitable.
 
     8. RECEIPT OF SHARES OR DEFERRED SHARES IN LIEU OF FEES. Each director of
the Company may elect to be paid all or a portion of the fees earned in his or
her capacity as a director (including annual retainer fees, meeting fees, fees
for service on a Board committee, fees for service as chairman of a Board
committee, and any other fees paid to directors) in the form of Shares or
Deferred Shares in lieu of cash payment of such fees, if such director is
eligible to do so under Section 5 at the date any such fee is otherwise payable.
If so elected, payment of fees in the form of Shares or Deferred Shares shall be
made in accordance with this Section 8.
 
          (a) Elections. Each director who elects to be paid all or a portion of
     such fees for a given calendar year in the form of Shares or to defer
     payment of such fees in the form of Deferred Shares for such year must file
     a written election with the Human Resources Department of the Company no
     later than December 31 of the year preceding such calendar year; provided,
     however, that the Company shall notify such directors of any earlier date
     by which a director must make such election in order for the acquisition of
     Shares or Deferred Shares under this Section 8 to be exempt from Section
     16(b) of the Exchange Act under Rule 16b-3; and provided further, that any
     newly elected or appointed director may file an election for any year not
     later than 30 days after the date such person first became a director, and
     a director may file an election for the year in which the Plan became
     effective not later than 30 days after the date of effectiveness. Such
     election shall only apply to fees payable for services performed in periods
     after the filing of such election, and shall be deemed to be continuing and
     therefore applicable to subsequent Plan years unless the director revokes
     or changes such election by filing a new election form by the due date for
     such form specified in this Section 8(a). Except as provided in Section
     8(e), a director's election filed prior to a year shall be irrevocable as
     to that year at the close of the previous year, and a director's election
     filed during a year (if permitted under this Section 8(a)) shall be
     irrevocable upon filing. The election must specify the following:
 
             (i) A percentage of fees to be received in the form of Shares or
        deferred in the form of Deferred Shares under the Plan; and
 
             (ii) In the case of a deferral, the period or periods during which
        settlement of Deferred Shares shall be deferred (subject to such
        limitations as may be specified by counsel to the Company) and whether
        dividend equivalents on Deferred Shares are to be credited to the
        Participant's deferral account.
 
     Certain elections may not result in receipt of Shares or deferral of fees
     as Deferred Shares for a six-month period, as provided in Section 8(f).
 
                                       B-3
<PAGE>   43
 
          (b) Payment of Fees in the Form of Shares. At any date on which fees
     are payable to a Participant who has elected to receive all or a portion of
     such fees in the form of Shares, the Company shall issue to such
     Participant, or to a designated third party for the account of such
     Participant, a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at
     that date equal to the fees, or as nearly as possible equal to the fees
     (but in no event greater than the fees), that would have been payable at
     such date but for the Participant's election to receive Shares in lieu
     thereof. If the Shares are to be credited to an account maintained by the
     Participant and to the extent reasonably practicable without requiring the
     actual issuance of fractional Shares, the Company shall cause fractional
     Shares to be credited to the Participant's account. If fractional Shares
     are not so credited, any part of the Participant's fees not paid in the
     form of whole Shares shall be payable in cash to the Participant (either
     paid separately or included in a subsequent payment of fees, including a
     subsequent payment of fees subject to an election under this Section 8).
 
          (c) Deferral of Fees in the Form of Deferred Shares. The Company shall
     establish a deferral account on its books for each Participant who elects
     to defer fees in the form of Deferred Shares under this Section 8. At any
     date on which fees are payable to a Participant who has elected to defer
     fees in the form of Deferred Shares, the Company shall credit such
     Participant's deferral account with a number of Deferred Shares equal to
     the number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at that date
     equal to the fees that otherwise would have been payable at such date but
     for the Participant's election to defer receipt of such fees in the form of
     Deferred Shares. The amount of Deferred Shares so credited shall include
     fractional Shares calculated to at least three decimal places.
 
          (d) Crediting of Dividend Equivalents. Whenever dividends are paid or
     distributions made with respect to Shares, a Participant to whom Deferred
     Shares are then credited in a deferral account shall be entitled to
     receive, as dividend equivalents, an amount equal in value to the amount of
     the dividend paid or property distributed on a single Share multiplied by
     the number of Deferred Shares (including any fractional Share) credited to
     his or her deferral account as of the record date for such dividend or
     distribution. Such dividend equivalents may, if elected by the Participant
     under Section 7(b) or 8(a), be credited to the Participant's deferral
     account as a number of Deferred Shares determined by dividing the aggregate
     value of such dividend equivalents by the Fair Market Value of a Share at
     the payment date of the dividend or distribution. Absent such election, the
     dividend equivalents shall be paid to the Participant in cash.
 
          (e) Settlement of Deferred Shares. The Company shall settle the
     Participant's deferral account by delivering to the Participant (or his or
     her beneficiary) a number of Shares equal to the number of whole Deferred
     Shares then credited to his or her deferral account (or a specified portion
     in the event of any partial settlement), together with cash in lieu of any
     fractional Share remaining at a time that less than one whole Deferred
     Share is credited to such deferral account. Such settlement shall be made
     at the time or times specified in the Participant's election filed in
     accordance with Section 7(b) or 8(a); provided, however, that a Participant
     may further defer settlement of Deferred Shares if counsel to the Company
     determines that such further deferral likely would be effective under
     applicable federal income tax laws and regulations.
 
          (f) Delayed Effectiveness of Elections in Order To Comply with Rule
     16b-3. Other provisions of Section 7(b) and this Section 8 notwithstanding,
     if any crediting of Deferred Shares, other than an initial deferral under
     Section 7(b) would occur, (i) less than six months after the Participant
     filed the election which would result in such crediting, (ii) at a time
     when the Company's employee benefit plans are being operated in conformity
     with Rule 16b-3 as in effect on and after May 1, 1991, and (iii) at a time
     that Rule 16b-3 imposes a requirement that participant-directed
     transactions occur more than six months after the participant's making of
     an irrevocable election in order for such transactions to be exempt from
     Section 16(b) liability, then the fees or dividend equivalents the deferral
     of which would result in such crediting instead shall be paid in cash on a
     non-deferred basis.
 
                                       B-4
<PAGE>   44
 
     9. ADJUSTMENT PROVISIONS.
 
          (a) Corporate Transactions and Events. In the event any
     recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, spinoff,
     combination, repurchase, exchange of Shares or other securities of the
     Company, stock split or reverse split, extraordinary dividend (whether in
     the form of cash, Shares, or other property), liquidation, dissolution, or
     other similar corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such that
     an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of
     each Participant's rights under the Plan, then an adjustment shall be made,
     in a manner that is proportionate to the change to the Shares and otherwise
     equitable in, (i) the number and kind of Shares reserved and available for
     issuance under Section 3, (ii) the number and kind of Shares to be subject
     to each automatic grant of an Option under Section 6 and of Shares under
     Section 7, (iii) the number and kind of Shares issuable upon exercise of
     outstanding Options, and/or the exercise price per Share thereof (provided
     that no fractional Shares shall be issued upon exercise of any Option),
     (iv) the number and kind of Shares to be issued in lieu of fees under
     Section 8, and (v) the number and kind of Shares to be issued upon
     settlement of Deferred Shares under Section 8. The foregoing
     notwithstanding, no adjustment may be made hereunder except as shall be
     necessary to maintain the proportionate interest of the Participant under
     the Plan and to preserve, without exceeding, the value of outstanding
     Options and potential grants of Options and the value of outstanding
     Deferred Shares.
 
          (b) Insufficient Number of Shares. If at any date an insufficient
     number of Shares are available under the Plan for the automatic grant of
     Options or the receipt of fees in the form of Shares or deferral of fees in
     the form of Deferred Shares at that date, Shares under Section 7 and
     Options under Section 6 shall be automatically granted proportionately to
     each eligible director, to the extent Shares are then available (provided
     that no fractional Shares shall be issued upon exercise of any Option) and
     otherwise as provided under Sections 6 and 7, and then, if any Shares
     remain available, fees shall be paid in the form of Shares or deferred in
     the form of Deferred Shares proportionately among directors then eligible
     to participate to the extent Shares are then available and otherwise as
     provided under Section 8.
 
     10. CHANGES TO THE PLAN. The Board of Directors may amend, alter, suspend,
discontinue, or terminate the Plan or authority to grant Options or Shares or
pay fees in the form of Shares or Deferred Shares under the Plan without the
consent of stockholders or Participants, except that any amendment or alteration
shall be subject to the approval of the Company's stockholders at or before the
next Annual Meeting of Stockholders for which the record date is after the date
of such Board action if such stockholder approval is required by any federal or
state law or regulation or the rules of any stock exchange or automated
quotation system as then in effect, and the Board may otherwise determine to
submit other such amendments or alterations to stockholders for approval;
provided, however, that, without the consent of an affected Participant, no such
action may materially impair the rights of such Participant with respect to any
outstanding Options or Deferred Shares; and, provided further, that any Plan
provision that specifies the directors who may receive grants of Options or
Shares, the amount and price of Shares that may be purchased upon the exercise
of Options granted to such directors, and the timing of such grants of Options
or Shares to such directors, or is otherwise a "plan provision" referred to in
Rule 16b-3(c)(2)(ii)(B), shall not be amended more than once every six months,
other than to comport with changes in the Code or the rules thereunder, if such
limitation on the frequency of Plan amendments is then required under Rule 16b-3
as a condition in order that any Plan transactions be exempt from Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act.
 
     11. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
 
          (a) Agreements. Options, Deferred Shares, and any other right or
     obligation under the Plan may be evidenced by agreements or other documents
     executed by the Company and the Participant incorporating the terms and
     conditions set forth in the Plan, together with such other terms and
     conditions not inconsistent with the Plan, as the Board of Directors may
     from time to time approve.
 
          (b) Compliance with Laws and Obligations. The Company shall not be
     obligated to issue or deliver Shares under the Plan in a transaction
     subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
     amended, or any other federal or state securities law, any requirement
     under any listing agreement between the Company and any stock exchange or
     automated quotation system, or any other
 
                                       B-5
<PAGE>   45
 
     law, regulation, or contractual obligation of the Company, until the
     Company is satisfied that such laws, regulations, and other obligations of
     the Company have been complied with in full. Certificates representing
     Shares issued under the Plan shall be subject to such stop-transfer orders
     and other restrictions as may be applicable under such laws, regulations,
     and other obligations of the Company, including any requirement that a
     legend or legends be placed thereon.
 
          (c) Limitations on Transferability. Options, Deferred Shares, and any
     other right under the Plan shall not be transferable by a Participant
     except by will or the laws of descent and distribution (or to a designated
     beneficiary in the event of a Participant's death), and shall be
     exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by such Participant
     or his or her guardian or legal representative; provided, however, that
     Options and Deferred Shares (and rights relating thereto) may be
     transferred to one or more trusts or other beneficiaries during the
     lifetime of the Participant for purposes of the Participant's estate
     planning or at the Participant's death, and such transferees may exercise
     rights thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof, but only if and to
     the extent then permitted under Rule 16b-3 and consistent with the
     registration of the offer and sale of Shares related thereto on Form S-8,
     Form S-3, or such other registration form of the Securities and Exchange
     Commission as may then be filed and effective with respect to the Plan. The
     Company may rely upon the beneficiary designation last filed in accordance
     with this Section 11(c). Options, Deferred Shares, and other rights under
     the Plan may not be pledged, mortgaged, hypothecated, or otherwise
     encumbered, and shall not be subject to the claims of creditors of any
     Participant or permitted transferee.
 
          (d) Compliance with Rule 16b-3. It is the intent of the Company that
     this Plan comply in all respects with applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3.
     Accordingly, if any provision of this Plan or any agreement hereunder does
     not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 as then applicable to a
     Participant, or would preclude a director of the Company from being deemed
     a "disinterested person" under then-applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3,
     such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary
     to conform to the applicable requirements with respect to such Participant
     and to ensure the director's status as a "disinterested person" is
     unaffected.
 
          (e) No Right To Continue as a Director. Nothing contained in the Plan
     or any agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Participant any right to
     continue to serve as a director of the Company.
 
          (f) No Stockholder Rights Conferred. Nothing contained in the Plan or
     any agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Participant (or any person or
     entity claiming rights by or through a Participant) any rights of a
     stockholder of the Company unless and until Shares are in fact issued to
     such Participant (or person) or, in the case of an Option, such Option is
     validly exercised in accordance with Section 6.
 
          (g) Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by
     the Board of Directors nor its submission to the stockholders of the
     Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the
     power of the Board to adopt such other compensatory arrangements for
     directors as it may deem desirable.
 
          (h) Nonforfeitability. The interest of each Participant in Options,
     Shares or Deferred Shares (and any deferral account relating thereto)
     granted or delivered under the Plan at all times shall be nonforfeitable,
     subject to the service requirement of Section 7(a).
 
          (i) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of the Plan
     and any agreement hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the
     Delaware General Corporation Law and other laws (including those governing
     contracts) of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of
     conflicts of laws, and applicable federal law.
 
                                       B-6
<PAGE>   46
 
     12. STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL, EFFECTIVE DATE, AND PLAN TERMINATION. The Plan
shall be effective if, and at such time as, the stockholders of the Company have
approved it by the affirmative votes of the holders of a majority of the voting
securities of the Company present, or represented, and entitled to vote on the
subject matter at a duly held meeting of stockholders, provided, however, that
such approval must be obtained not later than the final adjournment of the first
Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company held after the date the Board of
Directors has adopted the Plan. Unless earlier terminated by action of the Board
of Directors, the Plan shall remain in effect until such time as no Shares
remain available for issuance under the Plan and the Company and Participants
have no further rights or obligations under the Plan.
 
Adopted by the Board of Directors: March 21, 1996.
 
                                       B-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 21


                   THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. & AFFILIATES
March 15, 1996
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Jurisdiction                Owned by
                                                                                  of                     Immediate
                                                                             Incorporation                Parent   
                                                                             -------------              -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>                          <C>
The Williams Companies, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware

    KERN RIVER ACQUISITION CORPORATION  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Kern River Gas Supply Corporation  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Kern River Gas Transmission Company  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Texas (Partnership)            49.9%
             Kern River Funding Corporation   . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Kern River Service Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    NORTHWEST PIPELINE CORPORATION  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    TEXAS GAS TRANSMISSION CORPORATION  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    TRANSCONTINENTAL GAS PIPE LINE CORPORATION  . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Cardinal Operating Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Pine Needle Operating Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         TransCardinal  Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         TransCarolina LNG Company. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         WGP Enterprises, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    WILLIAMS HOLDINGS OF DELAWARE, INC. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Apco Argentina Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Cayman Islands                64.51%
             Apco Properties Ltd.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Cayman Islands                  100%
         Beech Grove Processing Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Tennessee                       100%
         Inland Ports, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Tennessee                       100%
         Langside Limited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Bermuda                         100%
         Longhorn Enterprises of Texas, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Northwest Exploration Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Realco Realty Corp.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Realco of Crown Center, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Realco of San Antonio, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Realco Realty Developments, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         The Tennessee Coal Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         The WilTech Group, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             Vyvx, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             Williams Learning Network, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             Williams Wireless, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             WilTech Cable Television Services, Inc.  . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Transco Energy Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Energy Tech, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Gasco Insurance Company Limited . . . . . . . . . . . .        Bermuda                         100%
              Hazleton Fuel Management Company  . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Hazleton Pipeline Company  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   TM Cogeneration Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Coal Gas Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Energy Investment Company . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Exploration Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Gas Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                  Border Gas, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                         10%
                   Liberty Operating Company  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   NESP Supply Corp.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                      33.33%
                   Trans-Jeff Chemical Corporation  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Transco Blue Ridge Pipeline Company  . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Transco Liberty Pipeline Company . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Transeastern Gas Pipeline Company, Inc.  . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   2

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Jurisdiction                Owned by
                                                                                  of                     Immediate
                                                                             Incorporation                Parent   
                                                                             -------------              -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>                         <C>
              Transco P-S Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Resources, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   ForTran Exploration Company  . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Magnolia Methane Corp. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Transco Transportation Company . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Tubexpress, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                         50%
              Transco Terminal Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Tower Realty, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Tulsa Williams Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Valley View Coal, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Tennessee                       100%
         WCS Communications Systems, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Willco, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Acquisition Holding Company, Inc. . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Acquisition Holding Company, Inc.   . . . . . . . .        New Jersey                      100%
              Agrico Foreign Sales Corporation  . . . . . . . . . . .        Guam                            100%
              Fishhawk Ranch, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Florida                         100%
              Reserveco Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                         15%
         Williams Aircraft, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Energy Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Energy Services Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Transco Gas Marketing Company . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                  TXG Gas Marketing Company   . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                      TXG Intrastate Pipeline Company   . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Transco Energy Marketing Company . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams Gas Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams Power Trading Company . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Information & Trading Systems Co.  . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   TransNetwork Holding Company . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                         20%
                   Williams Canadian Holding, Inc.  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams Energy Network, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams Energy Systems Company  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams U.S. Holding, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Energy Ventures, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Nebraska Energy, L.L.C. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Kansas                           71%
              Wiljet, LLC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Arizona                          50%
              Williams Ethanol Production Company . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Pekin Energy Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Illinois (General Partnership)   99%
              Williams Ethanol Services, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                 Pekin Energy Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Illinois (General Partnership)    1%
         Williams Enterprises of Delaware, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Exploration Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Rainbow Resources, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Colorado                        100%
         Williams Field Services Group, Inc.    . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Carbon County UCG, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              F T & T, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS - Gas Gathering Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                WFS - Offshore Gathering Company  . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                WFS - Pipeline Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS Gas Resources Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS Investment Co.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS - Liquids Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   HI-BOL Pipeline Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS Management Co.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
</TABLE>





                                       2
<PAGE>   3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Jurisdiction                  Owned by
                                                                                  of                      Immediate
                                                                             Incorporation                 Parent   
                                                                             -------------               -----------
<S>                                                                    <C>                             <C>
              WFS - Nuval Gathering Co.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS - OCS Gathering Co.   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WFS - Power Services Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Energy International Corporation . . . . . . . . .        Pennsylvania                    100%
              WFS - Production Services Company . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
               Williams CNG Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Field Services Company . . . . . . . . . . . .        Utah                            100%
              Williams Gas Processing - Blanco, Inc.  . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Gas Processing Company . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Gas Processing - Kansas Hugoton Company  . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Gas Processing - Mid-Continent Region Company         Delaware                        100%
              Williams Gas Processing - Wamsutter Company . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Power Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Production Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Headquarters Acquisition Company  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Headquarters Building Company . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Headquarters Management Company . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Information Services Corporation  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams International Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             Williams International (Bermuda) Limited   . . . . . . .        Bermuda                         100%
              Williams International Investments (Cayman) Limited . .        Cayman Islands                  100%
             Williams International Ventures (Bermuda) Ltd.   . . . .        Bermuda                         100%
             Williams International Pipeline Company  . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                  Williams International Pipeline Company - Colombia         Delaware                        100%
              Williams International Ventures Company . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   WEV, Inc. (New Zealand)  . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                   Williams Energy Ventures Corporation (New Zealand)        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Pipe Line Company   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              WillBros Terminal Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Williams Terminals Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Pipeline Services Company   . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Production Finance Company  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Relocation Management, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Telecommunications Systems, Inc.  . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             WCS, Inc.    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
             WCS Microwave Services, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Nevada                          100%
         Williams Underground Gas Storage Company . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Western Holding Company, Inc.   . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Northwest Alaskan Pipeline Company  . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
              Northwest Argentina Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . .        Utah                            100%
              Northwest Border Pipeline Company . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
                 Northern Border Partners, L.P.   . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware(Limited Partnership  4.375%
                 Northern Border Intermediate Limited Partnership   .        Delaware(Limited Partnership  0.175%
              Northwest Land Company  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         WilMart, Inc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         WilTel Financial Corporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    WILLIAMS NATURAL GAS COMPANY  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         WNG - Kansas Hugoton, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         WNG - Oklahoma Hugoton, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Williams Gathering Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
</TABLE>





                                       3
<PAGE>   4

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Jurisdiction                 Owned by
                                                                                    of                    Immediate
                                                                             Incorporation                  Parent   
                                                                             -------------               -----------
    <S>                                                                      <C>                            <C>
    WILLIAMS STORAGE COMPANY  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%

    WILLIAMS WESTERN PIPELINE COMPANY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        Delaware                        100%
         Kern River Gas Transmission Company  . . . . . . . . . . . .        Texas (Partnership)              50%
</TABLE>





                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23
 
                        CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 
     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration
statements on Form S-3 and related prospectuses and in the following
registration statements on Form S-8 of The Williams Companies, Inc. of our
report dated February 9, 1996, with respect to the consolidated financial
statements and schedules of The Williams Companies, Inc. included in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 1995.
 
     Form S-3: Registration No. 33-47061; Registration No. 33-53662;
               Registration No. 33-49835
 
     Form S-8: Registration No. 33-2442; Registration No. 33-24322;
               Registration No. 33-36770; Registration No. 33-44381;
               Registration No. 33-40979; Registration No. 33-45550;
               Registration No. 33-43999; Registration No. 33-51539;
               Registration No. 33-51543; Registration No. 33-51551;
               Registration No. 33-51549; Registration No. 33-51547;
               Registration No. 33-51545; Registration No. 33-56521
 
                                                               ERNST & YOUNG LLP
 
Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 26, 1996
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 24

                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY


                 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that each of the undersigned
individuals, in their capacity as a director or officer, or both, as
hereinafter set forth below their signature, of THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC., a
Delaware corporation ("Williams"), does hereby constitute and appoint J. FURMAN
LEWIS, BOBBY E. POTTS and DAVID M.  HIGBEE their true and lawful attorneys and
each of them (with full power to act without the others) their true and lawful
attorneys for them and in their name and in their capacity as a director or
officer, or both, of Williams, as hereinafter set forth below their signature,
to sign Williams' Annual Report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995, and any and all
amendments thereto or all instruments necessary or incidental in connection
therewith; and

                 THAT the undersigned Williams does hereby constitute and
appoint J. FURMAN LEWIS, BOBBY E. POTTS and DAVID M. HIGBEE its true and lawful
attorneys and each of them (with full power to act without the others) its true
and lawful attorney for it and in its name and on its behalf to sign said Form
10-K and any and all amendments thereto and any and all instruments necessary
or incidental in connection therewith.

                 Each of said attorneys shall have full power of substitution
and resubstitution, and said attorneys or any of them or any substitute
appointed by any of them hereunder shall have full power and authority to do
and perform in the name and on behalf of each of the undersigned, in any and
all capacities, every act whatsoever requisite or necessary to be done in the
premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned might
or could do in person, the undersigned hereby ratifying and approving the acts
of said attorneys or any of them or of any such substitute pursuant hereto.

                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this
instrument, all as of the 21st day of January, 1996.




    /s/ Keith E. Bailey                        /s/ Jack D. McCarthy      
- ------------------------------             ------------------------------
      Keith E. Bailey                              Jack D. McCarthy
    Chairman of the Board,                      Senior Vice President
       President and                        (Principal Financial Officer)
   Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)


                            /s/ Gary R. Belitz       
                       -----------------------------
                                Gary R. Belitz
                                  Controller
                       (Principal Accounting Officer)
<PAGE>   2
                                                                          Page 2




  /s/ Harold W. Andersen                    /s/ Ralph E. Bailey       
- ------------------------------          ----------------------------
      Harold W. Andersen                        Ralph E. Bailey
          Director                                 Director


     /s/ Glenn A. Cox                     /s/ Thomas H. Cruikshank     
- ------------------------------          -------------------------------
         Glenn A. Cox                         Thomas H. Cruikshank
         Director                                 Director


    /s/ Ervin S. Duggan                   /s/ Patricia L. Higgins      
- ------------------------------          -------------------------------
        Ervin S. Duggan                       Patricia L. Higgins
         Director                                 Director


 /s/ Robert J. LaFortune                 /s/ James C. Lewis       
- ------------------------------          -------------------------------
     Robert J. LaFortune                     James C. Lewis
         Director                                 Director


 /s/ Jack A. MacAllister                 /s/ James A. McClure        
- ------------------------------          -------------------------------
     Jack A. MacAllister                     James A. McClure
         Director                               Director


 /s/ Peter C. Meinig                    /s/ Kay A. Orr          
- ------------------------------         -------------------------------
     Peter C. Meinig                        Kay A. Orr
         Director                               Director


/s/ Gordon R. Parker                    /s/ Joseph H. Williams       
- ------------------------------         -------------------------------
    Gordon R. Parker                        Joseph H. Williams
         Director                                Director


                                       THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.



                                       By  /s/ J. Furman Lewis      
                                         ---------------------------
                                               J. Furman Lewis
ATTEST:                                    Senior Vice President


 /s/ David M. Higbee     
- -------------------------
     David M. Higbee
        Secretary
<PAGE>   3
                                                                      EXHIBIT 24


                          THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC.


                 I, the undersigned, DAVID M. HIGBEE, Secretary of THE WILLIAMS
COMPANIES, INC., a Delaware company (hereinafter called the "Company"), do
hereby certify that at a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company, duly
convened and held on January 21, 1996, at which a quorum of said Board was
present and acting throughout, the following resolution was duly adopted:

                     RESOLVED that the Chairman of the Board, the
                President or any Vice President of the Company
                be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and
                empowered to execute a Power of Attorney for
                use in connection with the execution and
                filing, for and on behalf of the Company, under
                the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of the
                Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                fiscal year ended December 31, 1995.
        
                 I further certify that the foregoing resolution has not been
modified, revoked or rescinded and is in full force and effect.

                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed
the seal of THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC., this 19th day of March, 1996.


                                      /s/ David M. Higbee 
                                   -----------------------------
                                          David M. Higbee
                                            Secretary

(CORPORATE SEAL)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          90,383
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  688,595
<ALLOWANCES>                                  (11,338)
<INVENTORY>                                    189,038
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             1,343,809
<PP&E>                                       9,478,732
<DEPRECIATION>                             (1,463,987)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              10,494,836
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        2,049,949
<BONDS>                                      2,874,042
<COMMON>                                       105,337
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                    173,486
<OTHER-SE>                                   2,908,275
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                10,494,836
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             2,855,674
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                2,184,962
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 3,767
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             277,924
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                401,360
<INCOME-TAX>                                   101,988
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            299,372
<DISCONTINUED>                               1,018,805
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 1,318,177
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    12.77
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    12.48
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
