<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
 
                                   FORM 10-K
 
(Mark One)
 
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Fee required)
 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 or
 
[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the Transition period from ------------------ to ------------------
 
Commission file number 1-4720
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
 
<TABLE>
     <S>                                               <C>
                    Delaware                                        95-2109453
         (State or Other Jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
         incorporation or organization)
 
     301 East Colorado Boulevard, Suite 300,                        91101-1901
              Pasadena, California                                  (Zip Code)
    (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
</TABLE>
 
                                 (818) 585-6700
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)
 
Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:
 
<TABLE>
      <S>                                         <C>
                                                     Name of Each Exchange
          Title of Each Class                         on Which Registered
 
      Capital Stock, $1 par value                   American Stock Exchange
                                                   and Pacific Stock Exchange
</TABLE>
 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 
                    None
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)
 
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  X   No
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. / /
 
     The aggregate market value of voting stock of the registrant held by
non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 20, 1995 was: $157,755,000
 
     The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Capital Stock as of
March 20, 1995 was: 7,119,807.
 
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
                               Title of Document
 
                        Proxy Statement for 1995 Annual
                            Meeting of Shareholders
                               Parts of Form 10-K
 
                           Part III, Items 10, 11, 12
                                     and 13
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   2
 
PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
GENERAL
 
     Wesco Financial Corporation ("Wesco") was incorporated in Delaware on March
19, 1959. The principal businesses of Wesco, conducted by wholly owned
subsidiaries, are (1) the property and casualty insurance business, through
Wesco-Financial Insurance Company ("Wes-FIC"), which was incorporated in 1985,
and (2) the steel service center business, through Precision Steel Warehouse,
Inc. ("Precision Steel"), which was begun in 1940 and acquired by Wesco in 1979.
Through approximately 1993 yearend, Wesco also engaged in the savings and loan
business, through Mutual Savings and Loan Association ("Mutual Savings"), which
was incorporated in California in 1925, gave up its status as a regulated thrift
institution after disposing of its savings accounts and most of its real estate
loans in October 1993, and, in a statutory merger effective January 1, 1994,
merged into Wes-FIC.
 
     Wesco's operations also include, through MS Property Company ("MS
Property"), the ownership and management of commercial real estate transferred
to MS Property by Wesco, and the development and liquidation of foreclosed real
estate and delinquent real estate loans transferred to MS Property by Mutual
Savings, all in December 1993, when MS Property began its operations. Wesco's
operations, through mid-1993, also included the manufacture of electrical
equipment through New America Electrical Corporation ("New America Electric"),
which was organized in 1982 and was approximately 80%-owned by Wesco from
December 1988 through mid-1993.
 
     Since 1973, Wesco has been 80.1% owned by Blue Chip Stamps (or its
predecessor by the same name), a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway
Inc. ("Berkshire"). Wesco and its subsidiaries are thus controlled by Blue Chip
Stamps and Berkshire. All of these companies may also be deemed to be controlled
by Warren E. Buffett, who is Berkshire's chairman and chief executive officer
and owner of 40.7% of its stock. Charles T. Munger, the chairman of Wesco, is
also vice chairman of Berkshire, and consults with Mr. Buffett with respect to
Wesco's investment decisions and major capital allocations, but Mr. Buffett has
no active participation in Wesco's management.
 
     Wesco's activities, through 1993 yearend, fell into three business
segments -- financial, insurance, and industrial. The financial segment included
the savings and loan business operated by Mutual Savings as well as other
activities more closely associated with the savings and loan business than any
of Wesco's other principal businesses, namely, investment activity other than
Wes-FIC's and parent company operations. The insurance segment consisted of
Wes-FIC's insurance business. The industrial segment comprised Precision Steel's
steel service center operations and, until mid-1993, the manufacture of
electrical products by New America Electric.
 
     Effective with the beginning of 1994, following Mutual Savings'
discontinuance as a regulated savings and loan association late in 1993 and its
subsequent statutory merger into Wes-FIC, the financial segment classification
no longer served a useful purpose and was discontinued. The insurance segment
was expanded to reflect Wes-FIC's absorption of the portion of Mutual Savings'
business that in recent years had employed the majority of its assets in terms
of market value: the indirect real estate lending business engaged in through
ownership of 7.2 million shares of common stock of Federal Home Loan Mortgage
Corporation ("Freddie Mac") and mortgage-backed securities. Other, relatively
insignificant operations previously included in the financial segment are no
longer identified with any specific business segment; these include (1)
investment activity other than Wes-FIC's, (2) management of owned commercial
real estate, (3) development and liquidation of foreclosed real estate and
delinquent loans formerly owned by Mutual Savings, and (4) parent company
operations.
 
     The amounts of revenues, operating profit and identifiable assets
attributable to each of Wesco's business segments are included in Note 8 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   3
 
INSURANCE SEGMENT
 
     Wes-FIC was incorporated in 1985 to engage in the property and casualty
insurance and reinsurance business. On January 1, 1994, Wes-FIC's shareholders'
equity (net worth) increased from $329 million to $569 million as a result of
the absorption of Mutual Savings' remaining net assets through merger.
 
     In 1985, Wes-FIC entered into an arrangement whereby it
reinsured -- through a Berkshire insurance subsidiary, National Indemnity
Company ("NICO"), as intermediary-without-profit -- 2% of the entire book of
insurance business of the long-established Fireman's Fund Insurance Companies
("Fireman's Fund"). Wes-FIC thus assumed the benefits and burdens of Fireman's
Fund's prices, costs and losses under a contract covering all insurance premiums
earned by Fireman's Fund during a four-year coverage period that expired on
August 31, 1989. The arrangement put Wes-FIC in virtually the same position it
would have been in if it, instead of Fireman's Fund, had directly written the
business reinsured. Differences in results under this arrangement have occurred
principally from the investment of premiums, as Wes-FIC, instead of Fireman's
Fund, has invested funds from "float" (funds set aside and invested pending
payment of claims). Wes-FIC will remain liable for its share of unpaid losses
and loss expenses, which have been reflected on Wesco's balance sheet, and will
continue to invest funds offset by loss reserves until runoff is complete,
perhaps many years hence.
 
     In 1990 and 1991, Wes-FIC reinsured 50% of the book of workers'
compensation insurance business of Cypress Insurance Company ("Cypress"), a
wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire, under a contract patterned generally after
that with Fireman's Fund. As with the Fireman's Fund contract, Wes-FIC will
remain liable for its share of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, as
well as policyholder dividends.
 
     During 1992, Wes-FIC entered into another arrangement with NICO whereby
NICO retroceded to it 50% of certain personal lines reinsurance business NICO
had assumed. The arrangement was terminated in mid-1993, when the original
source of the reinsurance stopped making cessions to NICO.
 
     In recent years, financial failures in the insurance industry have received
considerable attention from news media, regulatory authorities, rating agencies
and Congress. As one result, industry participants and the public have been made
more aware of the benefits derived from dealing with insurers whose financial
resources support their promises with significant margins of safety against
adversity. In this respect Wes-FIC is competitively well positioned, inasmuch as
its premiums written in 1994 amounted to approximately 1% of its statutory
surplus compared to an industry average of about 130% based on figures reported
for 1993.
 
     Standard & Poor's Corporation, in 1994, recognized Wes-FIC's strong
competitive position as a part of the Berkshire Hathaway insurance group, and
its unusual capital strength, and assigned its highest rating, AAA, to Wes-FIC's
claims-paying ability. This rating recognized the commitment of Wes-FIC's
management to a disciplined approach to underwriting and reserving, as well as
Wes-FIC's extremely strong capital base.
 
     Wes-FIC's traditional strength, made even greater by the absorption of
Mutual Savings, enabled it to enter into the business of "super-catastrophe"
reinsurance, through six subcontracts retroceded by NICO at favorable terms in
1994. Super-catastrophe reinsurance is the insurance that insurance companies
buy from other insurance companies to protect themselves against major
catastrophic losses. An insurer in this business must have large net worth in
relation to annual premiums in order to remain solvent when called upon to pay
claims when a large super catastrophe occurs.
 
     Berkshire has indicated that its insurance subsidiaries may from time to
time be offered super-catastrophe reinsurance business that is somewhat larger
than it wishes to retain and may make a portion of the business available to
Wes-FIC, as NICO did in 1994. Wesco's and Wes-FIC's boards of directors have
authorized automatic acceptance of future retrocessions of reinsurance offered
by wholly owned subsidiaries of Berkshire provided the following guidelines and
limitations are complied
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   4
 
with: (1) in order not to delay the acceptance process, the retrocession will be
accepted without delay in writing in Nebraska by agents of Wes-FIC who are
salaried employees of Berkshire subsidiaries; (2) the Berkshire subsidiary will
receive a ceding commission of 3% of premiums, probably less than the Berkshire
subsidiary could get in the marketplace; (3) Wes-FIC will assume 20% or less of
the risk (before taking into account effects of the ceding commission); (4)
wholly owned Berkshire subsidiaries will retain at least 80% of the identical
risk (again, before taking into account effects of the ceding commission); and
(5) the aggregate premiums from this type of business in any twelve-month period
will not exceed 10% of Wes-FIC's net worth.
 
     Wes-FIC is licensed to write direct business, as distinguished from
reinsurance, in Nebraska, Utah and Iowa. It wrote a very small volume of such
insurance during 1994 and earned $15,000 in direct premiums.
 
     Wesco's and Wes-FIC's boards are hopeful, but have no assurance, that
additional reinsurance retrocessions or other insurance arrangements, including
those similar to the Fireman's Fund contract, will become available to Wes-FIC.
 
     Insurance companies are subject to regulation by the departments of
insurance of the various states in which they operate. Regulations relate to,
among other things, capital requirements, shareholder and policyholder dividend
restrictions, reporting requirements, annual audits by independent accountants,
periodic regulatory examinations, and limitations on the size and types of
investments that can be made.
 
INDUSTRIAL SEGMENT
 
     Precision Steel, acquired in 1979 for approximately $15 million, operates a
well-established steel service center business at two locations: one in Franklin
Park, Illinois, near Chicago; the other, operated by a wholly owned subsidiary,
in Charlotte, North Carolina. The service centers buy low carbon sheet and strip
steel, coated metals, spring steels, stainless steel, brass, phosphor bronze,
aluminum and other metals, cut these metals to order, and sell them to a wide
variety of customers.
 
     The service center business is highly competitive. Precision Steel's annual
sales volume of approximately 30 thousand tons compares with the steel service
industry's annual volume of over 20 million tons. Precision Steel competes not
only with other service centers but also with mills which supply metal to the
service centers. Competition exists in the areas of price, quality, availability
of products and speed of delivery. Because it is willing to sell in relatively
small quantities, Precision Steel has been able to compete in geographic areas
distant from its service center facilities. Competitive pressure is intensified
by imports and by a tendency of domestic manufacturers to substitute less costly
components for parts traditionally made of steel.
 
     Precision Brand Products, Inc. ("Precision Brand"), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Precision Steel, manufactures shim stock and other tool room
specialty items, as well as hose and muffler clamps, and sells them under its
own brand names nationwide, generally through industrial distributors. This
business is highly competitive. Precision Brand's share of the toolroom
specialty products market is believed to approximate 0.5%; statistics are not
available with respect to its share of the market for hose and muffler clamps.
 
     Steel service raw materials are obtained principally from major domestic
steel mills, and their availability is considered good. Precision Steel's
service centers maintain extensive inventories in order to meet customer demand
for prompt deliveries. Typically, an order is filled and the processed metals
delivered to the customer within two weeks. Precision Brand normally maintains
inventories adequate to allow for off-the-shelf service to customers within 24
hours.
 
     The steel service businesses are subject to economic cycles. These
businesses are not dependent on a few large customers. The backlog of steel
service orders increased to approximately $6.1 million as of December 31, 1994
from $5.2 million as of December 31, 1993.
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   5
 
     Approximately 250 full-time employees are engaged in the steel service
businesses, about 40% of whom are members of unions. Management considers labor
relations to be good.
 
FINANCIAL SEGMENT
 
     Starting with the late 1970s, the savings and loan business was a difficult
business in which to engage, as was explained in detail in previous annual
reports. Mutual Savings and Wesco dealt with increasing savings and loan
regulations and regulatory pressures, with the result that management decided
late in 1992 that Mutual Savings would give up its status as a regulated savings
and loan association. The decision was prompted, in part, by regulatory
insistence that Mutual Savings make additional changes in its business above and
beyond those previously made. Management believed such additional changes, if
implemented, would further increase operating expenses, and possibly narrow the
spread between interest income and interest expense, thereby resulting in an
unacceptable return to its owners. Accordingly, following receipt of regulatory
approvals, Mutual Savings on October 8, 1993 transferred its savings accounts
and certain other liabilities (totaling about $220 million), offset by
substantially all of its real estate loans and certain other non-cash assets
(about $86 million, combined) and cash (about $134 million), to CenFed Bank, A
Federal Savings Bank ("CenFed"). Wesco loaned $4 million to CenFed's parent
corporation for a three-year period. In addition, Mutual Savings and Wesco
jointly agreed to indemnify CenFed to the extent of at least 90% with respect to
any losses that might be sustained on the loans transferred. After provision for
such indemnification, the CenFed transaction resulted in an after-tax gain of
$906,000, or $.13 per Wesco share, in 1993.
 
     Following completion of the foregoing transaction, and the withdrawal by
Mutual Savings and by Wesco from savings and loan regulation, (1) Mutual Savings
transferred all of its foreclosed real estate, and the few real estate loans
that were not sold to CenFed, to MS Property, which is continuing the slow
liquidation of those assets begun by Mutual Savings, and (2) Wesco transferred
its commercial real estate property in Pasadena, California, to MS Property,
which is now managing it.
 
     Mutual Savings retained a majority (at market value) of its former assets,
consisting mostly of stock of Freddie Mac (market approximately $359 million
versus cost of about $72 million at 1993 yearend) and approximately $46 million
of securitized mortgages. Immediately after 1993 yearend, Mutual Savings merged
into Wes-FIC, which continues to engage in indirect lending activities. This
business is regulated by the Nebraska Department of Insurance, replacing federal
and California thrift regulators, and is now included in the insurance segment.
 
     Wesco, while it seeks suitable businesses to acquire and explores ways to
expand its existing operations, invests in marketable securities of unaffiliated
companies. (See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for
summaries of investments.)
 
     Following Mutual Savings' merger into Wes-FIC, the financial segment
disappeared. Starting with 1994, extraneous, relatively insignificant operations
that were previously included in the financial segment because they were
indirectly related to operation of the savings and loan association are no
longer identified with any segment as they do not in any way relate to the two
remaining segments. These extraneous operations include (1) investment activity
other than Wes-FIC's, (2) management of owned commercial real estate, (3)
development and liquidation of foreclosed real estate and delinquent loans
formerly owned by Mutual Savings, and (4) parent company operations.
 
     Ten full-time employees are engaged in the activities of Wesco and MS
Property.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
 
     MS Property owns a business block in downtown Pasadena, California, which
is improved with a nine-story office building that was constructed in 1964 and
has approximately 125,000 square feet of net rentable area, as well as three
commercial store buildings and a multistory garage with space for 425
automobiles. Of the 125,000 square feet of office space, approximately 3,000
square feet are used by Wesco and MS Property as their headquarters. Most of the
remainder is leased to outside
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   6
 
parties, including CenFed, law firms and others, under agreements expiring at
various dates to 2008. MS Property also owns a parking lot with space for
approximately 100 automobiles across the street from the multistory structure.
 
     Wes-FIC uses as its place of business the Omaha, Nebraska headquarters
office of NICO.
 
     MS Property holds real estate acquired by Mutual Savings or itself through
foreclosure. The most valuable parcel, acquired in 1966, consists of 22 acres of
largely oceanfront land near Santa Barbara, California, where a luxury
development consisting of 20 townhomes and 12 residential lots has been under
construction, with several sales recorded to date. Other properties include
several buildings in a small shopping center in Upland, California, which are
leased to various small businesses, and several single-family residences in
Southern California, presently listed for sale.
 
     Precision Steel and its subsidiaries own three buildings housing their
plant and office facilities, having usable area approximately as follows:
138,000 square feet in Franklin Park, Illinois; 63,000 square feet in Charlotte,
North Carolina; and 59,000 square feet in Downers Grove, Illinois.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
     Wesco and its subsidiaries are not involved in any legal proceedings which
are expected to result in material loss.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
     No matters were submitted to a vote of Wesco's shareholders subsequent to
the annual meeting held in May 1994.
 
PART II
 
ITEM 5.
 
     Wesco's common stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange and the
Pacific Stock Exchange.
 
     The following table sets forth the ranges of stock prices reported in The
Wall Street Journal for Wesco's shares trading on the American Stock Exchange,
by quarter, for 1994 and 1993, as well as cash dividends paid by Wesco on each
outstanding share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              1994
                   ---------------------------
                    SALES PRICE
                   -------------     DIVIDENDS
  QUARTER ENDED    HIGH     LOW        PAID
-----------------  ----     ----     ---------
<S>                <C>      <C>       <C>
March 31.........  $136     $124 1/2  $ 0.245
June 30..........   131      115        0.245
September 30.....   124      114        0.245
December 31......   119 1/2  112 1/2    0.245
                                      -------
                                      $ 0.980
                                      =======
<CAPTION>
                              1993
                   ---------------------------
                    SALES PRICE
                   -------------     DIVIDENDS
  QUARTER ENDED    HIGH     LOW        PAID
-----------------  ----     ----     ---------
<S>                <C>      <C>       <C>
March 31.........  $ 89     $ 80      $ 0.235
June 30..........   131      108        0.235
September 30.....   149 3/4  124 3/4    0.235
December 31......   145      127 1/4    0.235
                                      -------
                                      $ 0.940
                                      =======
</TABLE>
 
     There were approximately 825 shareholders of record of Wesco's capital
stock as of the close of business on March 8, 1995.
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   7
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
     Set forth below and on the following page are selected consolidated
financial data for Wesco and its subsidiaries. For additional financial
information, attention is directed to Wesco's audited 1994 consolidated
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. (Amounts are in
thousands except for amounts per share.)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                           ---------------------------------------------------
                                            1994       1993       1992       1991       1990
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                        <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues:
  Insurance premiums earned..............  $ 1,133   $ 12,158   $ 19,587   $  5,307   $  2,003
  Sales and service revenues.............   62,143     63,627     65,438     65,341     65,174
  Interest and dividends on investments
     other than mortgage-backed
     securities..........................   26,207     28,152     28,186     34,477     40,008
  Interest on loans and mortgage-backed
     securities..........................    2,810      7,952     16,688     15,196     13,183
  Gains, net, on sales of securities and
     foreclosed property.................      323      1,783        105     10,714        593
  Gain on disposition of Mutual Savings'
     loans and deposits..................       --      1,577         --         --         --
  Other..................................    2,842      2,109      1,811      1,811      1,680
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                            95,458    117,358    131,815    132,846    122,641
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Costs and expenses:
  Insurance losses and expenses..........     (571)    12,894     20,779      6,685      3,759
  Cost of products and services sold.....   49,459     51,570     52,491     53,462     52,286
  Interest on savings accounts...........       --      5,792     11,986     18,311     21,975
  Selling, general and administrative....   13,713     16,051     15,813     14,986     14,073
  Interest on notes payable..............    3,092      4,610      4,872      4,773      4,758
  Other-than-temporary decline in value
     of investment in USAir Group, Inc.
     preferred stock.....................    9,000         --         --         --         --
  Loss on sale of New America Electric...       --      2,700         --         --         --
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                            74,693     93,617    105,941     98,217     96,851
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Income before income taxes and cumulative
  effect of change in accounting for
  income taxes...........................   20,765     23,741     25,874     34,629     25,790
Provision for income taxes...............   (1,793)    (5,046)   (20,873)    (5,107)      (361)
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                            18,972     18,695      5,001     29,522     25,429
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  for income taxes.......................       --      1,023         --         --         --
                                           -------   --------   --------   --------   --------
  Net income.............................  $18,972   $ 19,718   $  5,001   $ 29,522   $ 25,429
                                           ========  =========  =========  =========  =========
Amounts per share:
  Income before cumulative effect of
     change in accounting for income
     taxes...............................  $  2.66   $   2.63   $    .70   $   4.15   $   3.57
  Net income.............................     2.66       2.77        .70       4.15       3.57
                                           ========  =========  =========  =========  =========
  Cash dividends.........................  $   .98   $    .94   $    .90   $    .86   $    .82
                                           ========  =========  =========  =========  =========
</TABLE>
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   8
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                            1994       1993       1992       1991       1990
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Assets:
  Cash and temporary cash investments...  $ 15,800   $  5,230   $123,705   $ 41,849   $ 84,020
  Investments*--
     Securities with fixed maturities:
       Mortgage-backed securities.......    31,387     45,848     68,933    129,510     23,727
       Other............................   151,702    156,278    167,580    210,479    269,943
     Marketable equity securities.......   696,261    639,958    331,770    320,819    205,091
  Real estate loans receivable..........     5,884      1,848    101,891    100,876    107,382
  Total assets..........................   961,761    915,155    864,959    871,129    744,081
                                          ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Liabilities:
  Savings accounts......................  $     --   $     --   $250,612   $286,904   $286,093
  Insurance losses and expenses.........    39,785     53,818     61,526     60,252     71,405
  Income taxes payable,
     principally deferred*..............   191,858    180,722     72,928     52,789     14,022
  Notes payable.........................    37,557     37,896     55,119     55,429     55,726
  Total liabilities.....................   283,614    289,068    453,245    464,766    435,103
                                          ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Shareholders' equity*:
  Unrealized appreciation of
     investments, net of taxes..........  $349,122   $309,057   $107,709   $100,952   $ 26,966
  Retained earnings.....................   298,586    286,591    273,566    274,972    251,573
  Total shareholders' equity............   678,147    626,087    411,714    406,363    308,978
                                          ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
     Per share..........................    $95.25     $87.94     $57.83     $57.07     $43.40
                                          ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>
 
---------------
 
* Wesco adopted SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
  Equity Securities," effective at 1993 yearend, with the result that all
  marketable equity securities owned by Wesco and its subsidiaries at 1994 and
  1993 yearends are stated above at fair value, with the aggregate net
  unrealized gain added to shareholders' equity net of deemed applicable income
  taxes. Due to a change in classification in 1994, the reporting of securities
  with fixed maturities was changed to conform it to that of marketable equity
  securities; the 1994 yearend balances also reflect that change. (See Note 2 to
  the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details.)
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   9
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
 
FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
     The financial condition of Wesco Financial Corporation ("Wesco") continues
to be very sound. Its net worth is greater than ever due mainly to continued
successful operations as well as continued appreciation of marketable
securities. Its liquidity in terms of cash equivalents is adequate for all
operating and other current needs. Other resources are available such as
liquidation of marketable securities and borrowings from banks and others.
 
     Wesco adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
investments in Debt and Equity Securities", effective at 1993 yearend. As a
result, all marketable equity securities began to be carried in the consolidated
financial statements at market value. Previously only those owned by Wesco's
Wesco-Financial Insurance Company ("Wes-FIC") subsidiary could be written up to
market. Those owned by Wesco and its other subsidiaries were required to be
carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market; because for many years
aggregate cost had been below aggregate market, they had invariably been carried
at cost. Securities with fixed maturities, on the other hand, continued to be
carried at amortized cost at 1993 yearend as mandated by SFAS No. 115, because
such investments were deemed to be held-to-maturity. However, in 1994, Wesco's
management reclassified its fixed-maturity investments to available-for-sale;
under SFAS No. 115 fixed-maturity investments so classified had to be carried at
fair value, and thus their reporting was conformed to that of marketable equity
securities, without material effect in relation to Wesco's reported net worth.
See Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional
information as to the investments owned by Wesco and its subsidiaries.
 
     Following is a calculation of the pro forma shareholders' equity (net
worth) figures that would have been reported beginning with 1990 yearend if SFAS
No.115 had been available for adoption by Wesco in 1990 instead of 1993 and if
Wesco had viewed its fixed-maturity securities as available for sale commencing
with 1990. (Amounts are in millions.)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
                                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                     1994     1993     1992     1991     1990
                                                     ----     ----     ----     ----     ----
<S>                                                  <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Shareholders' equity before any unrealized gains...  $329     $317     $304     $305     $282
Net unrealized gains included in shareholders'
  equity...........................................   349      309      108      101       27
                                                     ----     ----     ----     ----     ----
Shareholders' equity as actually reported..........   678      626      412      406      309
Net unrealized gains not included above............    --       15      169      155       41
                                                     ----     ----     ----     ----     ----
Pro forma shareholders' equity.....................  $678     $641     $581     $561     $350
                                                     ====     ====     ====     ====     ====
</TABLE>
 
It should be borne in mind that neither the inclusion nor the exclusion of
appreciation in the carrying value of investments has any effect on Wesco's true
financial condition, nor its intrinsic value to shareholders.
 
     Borrowings from banks and others have been available to Wesco and its
subsidiaries under attractive terms for a number of years. In May 1994, in
recognition of the sound financial condition of Wesco and of its Wes-FIC
insurance subsidiary, Standard & Poor's Corporation raised its credit rating on
Wesco's $30 million of Notes due November 1999 from AA+ to AAA, its highest
rating, and also assigned Wes-FIC a rating of AAA as to its claims-paying
ability.
 
     Wesco's Mutual Savings and Loan Association ("Mutual Savings") subsidiary,
prior to sale of most of its real estate loans in October 1993, did not suffer
the crippling loan losses reported by much of the savings and loan industry in
recent years. Mutual Savings did, however, experience some loan losses and some
increasing deterioration of collateral value due mainly to recessionary economic
conditions and decreasing real estate values in Southern California.
Recessionary conditions are continuing to affect the marketing of foreclosed
real estate now owned by Wesco's MS Property Company ("MS Property") subsidiary.
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   10
 
     Mutual Savings, in connection with its sale of $81 million of real estate
loans late in 1993, indemnified CenFed against any losses that might ultimately
be sustained to the extent of at least 90% of each loss. Management of Wesco
does not believe that the indemnification will have a significant effect on
Wesco's financial condition, principally because (1) the loans are
first-mortgage real estate loans mainly on owner-occupied, single-family
residences, and (2) Mutual Savings' seriously delinquent loans were not sold to
CenFed but rather transferred to MS Property. Management of CenFed has reported
that, with the exception of only one loan subsequently repurchased from it by MS
Property, all such loans are essentially current and trouble-free.
 
     MS Property is in process of selling off several foreclosed real estate
properties. The most significant of these is a 22-acre parcel of largely
oceanfront land in Montecito, near Santa Barbara, California, which Mutual
Savings and more recently MS Property have been developing on an upscale basis
and marketing over a period of several years. After deducting writedowns to
estimated net realizable value of $2 million in 1993 and $3 million in 1994, the
property's carrying value at 1994 yearend was approximately $19 million. The
market for homes and residential lots of the type comprising MS Property's
Montecito development appears to be improving after several years of weakness.
Other foreclosed properties and real estate loans were carried on the books at
1994 yearend at approximately $10 million, net of reserves.
 
     Wesco is not now suffering from inflation, but its insurance and industrial
segments have potential exposure. Very large unanticipated changes in the rate
of inflation could adversely impact the insurance business, because premium
rates are established well in advance of incurrence of the related costs.
Precision Steel's steel service businesses are competitive and operate on tight
gross profit margins, and thus its earnings are susceptible to bad effects from
inflationary cost increases.
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 
     Wesco, which had started essentially as a savings and loan holding company,
began to diversify its operations in the 1970s mainly in response to perceived
uncertainties and turmoil in the savings and loan industry. Mutual Savings'
activities declined both in size and in relative importance to Wesco's
consolidated operations until, finally, its savings deposits and most loans were
disposed of in late 1993, and it merged into Wesco's insurance subsidiary
effective January 1, 1994. As the portfolio of investment securities has grown,
mostly inside the savings and loan and insurance subsidiaries, dividend and
interest income and realized and unrealized gains on securities have increased
in importance to Wesco. Steel service operations were added in 1979, property
and casualty insurance operations were added in 1985, and electrical equipment
manufacturing operations (sold in mid-1993) were added at 1988 yearend. (See
Item 1, Business, for further discussion of Wesco's operations.)
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   11
 
     The following summary sets forth the contribution to consolidated net
income of each of Wesco's business segments -- insurance, industrial and,
through yearend 1993, financial -- and of Wesco's nonsegment activities. In each
case unusual items are shown separately from "normal" net operating income.
(Amounts are in thousands, all after income tax effect.)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1994         1993          1992
                                                           -------      -------      --------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Insurance segment:
  "Normal" net operating income..........................  $21,582      $12,434      $ 13,146
  Unusual items:
     Securities gains....................................      163        1,156            --
     Decline in value of USAir preferred stock...........   (5,850)(1)       --            --
     Unusual income tax charges, net.....................       --       (1,011)(2)        --
                                                           -------      -------      --------
  Net income -- insurance segment........................   15,895       12,579        13,146
                                                           -------      -------      --------
Industrial segment:
  "Normal" net operating income..........................    2,900        1,976         1,832
  Unusual income tax credit..............................       --          199(2)         --
                                                           -------      -------      --------
  Net income -- industrial segment.......................    2,900        2,175         1,832
                                                           -------      -------      --------
Financial segment:
  "Normal" net operating income..........................       --        2,458         3,747
  Unusual items:
     Gain on disposition by Mutual Savings of deposits
     and some loans......................................       --          906            --
     Unusual income tax charges, net.....................       --         (297)(2)   (17,500)(3)
                                                           -------      -------      --------
  Net income (loss) -- financial segment.................       --        3,067       (13,753)
                                                           -------      -------      --------
Other than identified business segments:(4)
  "Normal" net operating income..........................      177        3,514         3,776
  Loss on sale of New America Electrical Corporation.....       --       (1,617)           --
                                                           -------      -------      --------
  Net income -- nonsegment activities....................      177        1,897         3,776
                                                           -------      -------      --------
          Net income -- consolidated.....................  $18,972      $19,718      $  5,001
                                                           =======      =======      ========
</TABLE>
 
---------------
 
(1) Represents writedown of investment in preferred stock of USAir Group, Inc.,
    explained in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
 
(2) Consists of cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes upon
    adoption of SFAS No. 109 and effect of subsequent change in income tax rate
    on deferred tax liabilities and assets. (See Note 5 to accompanying
    consolidated financial statements for further information.)
 
(3) Consists of income tax provision required to be recorded due to the
    triggering of recapture of special bad debt tax deductions when it was
    decided to give up Mutual Savings' status as a regulated savings and loan
    association. (See Note 5 to accompanying consolidated financial statements
    for further information.)
 
(4) Amounts for 1993 and 1992 have been reclassified to facilitate comparison;
    in past years these items were included in the financial segment in Item 7
    presentations, because they were more closely associated with activities of
    the then-used financial segment than the other two segments.
 
     In the following sections the "normal" net operating income data set forth
in the foregoing summary on an after-tax basis is broken down and discussed.
Attention is directed to Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for information as to operating profit before taxes.
 
Insurance Segment
 
     Wesco entered into the property and casualty insurance business in 1985
through Wes-FIC, a newly formed subsidiary. Substantially all of its insurance
business to date has been derived through relatively short-lived quota share and
excess of loss reinsurance arrangements with National Indemnity Company ("NICO")
and Cypress Insurance Company ("Cypress"), wholly owned subsidiaries of
Berkshire, Wesco's ultimate parent. Under the arrangements, Wes-FIC has been
ceded portions of
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   12
 
the property and casualty reinsurance business of NICO and has reinsured
workers' compensation business written by Cypress.
 
     Quota share reinsurance provides indemnification to ceding companies of
specified portions of the ceding companies' own losses. Excess of loss
reinsurance provides indemnification to ceding companies for all or part of
covered losses in excess of specified retentions (or deductibles).
 
     Wes-FIC's arrangements with NICO to date have comprised principally (1)
reinsurance of NICO's quota share reinsurance contract under which Wes-FIC
reinsured 2% of the property and casualty insurance business of the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Companies during a four-year coverage period that expired on
August 31, 1989, (2) reinsurance of another quota share contract under which
Wes-FIC reinsured 50% of certain personal lines reinsurance business that NICO
had assumed in an arrangement that accounted for substantially all of Wes-FIC's
earned premiums in 1992 and 1993, and which terminated in mid-1993 when the
original source of the reinsurance stopped making cessions to NICO, and (3)
reinsurance of 5% to 20% of several catastrophic excess of loss ("super-cat")
reinsurance contracts beginning in 1994. Wes-FIC has also written small amounts
of direct insurance business.
 
     Wes-FIC's entry into the business of super-cat reinsurance followed a large
increase in its net worth, from $329 million as of 1993 yearend to $569 million
as of January 1, 1994, when it absorbed Mutual Savings and Loan Association
("Mutual Savings") through merger. (See Item 1, Business, for further
information on Wes-FIC, NICO, Cypress, Berkshire, Fireman's Fund and Mutual
Savings.)
 
     The "normal" net operating income of Wes-FIC (i.e., income before
securities gains and losses, and unusual income tax charges) represents the
combination of its underwriting results with the interest and dividend income
from its investment and other activities. Following is a summary of such data
(in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------------
                                                               1994        1993        1992
                                                              -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Premiums written............................................  $ 8,825     $ 6,249     $24,866
                                                              =======     =======     =======
Premiums earned.............................................  $ 1,133     $12,158     $19,587
                                                              =======     =======     =======
Underwriting gain (loss)....................................  $ 1,579     $  (783)    $(1,192)
Dividend and interest income................................   24,969      15,170      15,408
                                                              -------     -------     -------
Income before income taxes..................................   26,548      14,387      14,216
Income tax provision........................................   (4,966)     (1,953)     (1,070)
                                                              -------     -------     -------
"Normal" net operating income...............................  $21,582     $12,434     $13,146
                                                              =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>
 
     Insurance premiums are recognized as earned revenues by Wes-FIC pro rata
over the term of the contract on all forms of insurance except for super-cat
reinsurance. Premiums on super-cat reinsurance are not recognized as earned
until the earlier of a loss occurrence or policy expiration, in order to avoid
premature recognition of underwriting profits. The super-cat reinsurance
contracts referred to above expire at various dates beginning in the first
quarter of 1995. Four of the contracts representing approximately half of the
reinsurance volume have been renewed.
 
     An underwriting loss has typically been reported by Wes-FIC each year. The
underwriting gain reported for 1994 resulted mainly from a reduction of
liabilities for losses and loss expenses with respect to business written in
earlier years. Liabilities for losses and loss expenses are estimates and thus
are subject to estimation error; revisions of such estimates are reflected in
underwriting results of the current accounting period. The 1994 adjustment,
while not insignificant in terms of its effect on Wesco's net income for the
year, was not material in relation to the cumulative insurance business
previously written by Wes-FIC or in terms of its effect on Wesco's net worth.
 
                                       23
<PAGE>   13
 
     Wes-FIC's revenues and net income for 1994 benefited from its absorption of
Mutual Savings, inasmuch as dividend and interest income previously reported as
revenue of Wesco's financial segment is now included in Wes-FIC's revenues.
 
     Wes-FIC's relatively low volume of insurance and reinsurance premiums in
recent years has been attributable mainly to management's perception that the
opportunity to write more business at sensible rates has not been available,
given the generally competitive industry-wide conditions. Meanwhile, Wes-FIC has
been actively pursuing other insurance and reinsurance opportunities.
 
     Wes-FIC remains liable for runoff of its share of the losses and loss
expenses covered by the insurance arrangements summarized above. As claims are
paid over many future years, the liability (approximately $40 million as of
December 31, 1994) will decline, as will the funds set aside and invested
pending payment of claims ("float").
 
     Dividend and interest income has been earned by Wes-FIC principally (1) on
insurance premium float, (2) on capital contributed to the insurance business by
Wesco (approximately $100 million through 1993), (3) on earnings retained and
reinvested, and (4) on the assets (approximately $400 million at market value)
added by the merger of Mutual Savings on January 1, 1994.
 
     The income tax provision of Wes-FIC has fluctuated as a percentage of its
pre-tax income in each of the periods presented in the foregoing table. These
fluctuations have been caused by fluctuations in the relationship of
substantially tax-exempt components of income to total pre-tax income.
 
     Insurance losses and loss expenses, and the related liabilities reflected
on Wesco's consolidated balance sheet, because they are based in large part upon
estimates, are subject to estimation error. Revisions of such estimates in
future periods could significantly affect the results of operations reported for
future periods. However, Wes-FIC has maintained a capital position strong enough
not only to absorb adverse estimation corrections but also to enable it to
accept other insurance contracts. Although additional reinsurance retrocessions
from Berkshire subsidiaries, or other attractive reinsurance or insurance
arrangements would be welcome, the timing and extent of any increase in Wes-
FIC's insurance underwriting activity cannot presently be predicted.
 
Industrial Segment
 
     Following is a summary of the "normal" net operating results of the
industrial segment, whose operations have included the businesses of Precision
Steel Warehouse, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Precision Steel") and New America
Electrical Corporation ("New America Electric"), until the latter sold its
electrical equipment manufacturing operations effective July 1, 1993 and
liquidated shortly thereafter (in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------------
                                                               1994        1993        1992
                                                              -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenues, principally sales and services....................  $62,492     $63,959     $65,453
                                                              ========    ========    ========
Income before income taxes..................................  $ 4,811     $ 3,375     $ 2,943
Income tax provision........................................   (1,911)     (1,443)     (1,153)
Minority interest...........................................       --          44          42
                                                              -------     -------     -------
"Normal" net operating income...............................  $ 2,900     $ 1,976     $ 1,832
                                                              ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
     Revenues of the industrial segment for the past three years, as set forth
above, included electrical equipment manufacturing revenues of $3.5 million in
1993 and $7.4 million in 1992. Revenues of Precision Steel's businesses
increased moderately from year to year due mainly to improving economic
conditions in the industrial sector of the economy.
 
     Income before income taxes and normal net operating income of the
industrial segment were negatively affected in 1993 and 1992 as a result of the
inclusion of the operating results of New
 
                                       24
<PAGE>   14
 
America Electric. Had it not been for Wesco's equity of $213,000 and $243,000 in
New America Electric's after-tax operating losses in 1993 and 1992, the
industrial segment would have reported normal net operating income of $2,189,000
and $2,075,000 for those years. The improvement in these earnings figures was
attributable mainly to the following: increases in sales; reductions in
operating expenses; and, in 1994, a reduction in cost of products sold as a
percentage of steel service revenues. (This percentage was 79.6%, 81.2% and
80.6% for 1994, 1993 and 1992.) The cost percentage typically fluctuates
slightly from year to year as a result of changes in product mix, price
competition among suppliers and at the retail level, and availability of
favorable quantity order prices on materials purchased.
 
Financial Segment
 
     Through 1993, Wesco had a financial segment, which included revenues and
expenses of Mutual Savings as well as revenues and expenses of other activities
more closely associated with the savings and loan business than any of Wesco's
other businesses, namely, investment activity other than Wes-FIC's and parent
company operations.
 
     In October 1993, Mutual Savings discontinued as a regulated savings and
loan association, and, effective January 1, 1994, it merged into Wes-FIC (see
Item 1, Business, for further information). As a result, (1) several traditional
items of revenue and expense -- notably interest income on loans, interest
expense on savings accounts and operating expenses -- have wholly or partially
disappeared, with the remaining items such as income from indirect mortgage
lending transferred to the insurance segment, and (2) revenues and expenses of
other Wesco entities previously included in the financial segment are no longer
identified with any specific business segment (see next section).
 
     Following is a summary of the components of Mutual Savings' "normal" net
operating income (in thousands) for the years 1993 and 1992:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1993        1992
                                                                         -------     -------
<S>                                                                      <C>         <C>
Revenues:
  Interest on loans and mortgage-backed securities.....................  $ 7,869     $16,662
  Interest on temporary cash investments...............................    1,546       1,223
  Dividends on preferred and common stocks.............................    6,336       5,472
  Interest on state and municipal bonds................................       --         190
  Other................................................................      687         466
                                                                         -------     -------
                                                                          16,438      24,013
                                                                         -------     -------
Expenses:
  Interest on savings accounts.........................................    5,836      12,021
  Interest on notes payable............................................    1,662       1,475
  Operating expenses...................................................    4,052       5,249
  Provision for losses on loans and foreclosed real estate.............    2,875         650
                                                                         -------     -------
                                                                          14,425      19,395
                                                                         -------     -------
Income before income tax provision or benefit..........................    2,013       4,618
Income tax (provision) benefit.........................................      445        (871)
                                                                         -------     -------
"Normal" net operating income..........................................  $ 2,458     $ 3,747
                                                                         ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
     As shown in the foregoing table, had it not been for a significant increase
in provision for losses on loans and real estate held for sale in 1993 (mainly a
$2 million pre-tax writedown of the Montecito development at the end of 1993),
Mutual Savings' "normal" net operating income for 1993 would have been
comparable to that of 1992.
 
                                       25
<PAGE>   15
 
Other Than Identified Business Segments
 
     Set forth below is a summary of "normal" net operating income for items not
identified with any business segment -- insurance, industrial, or (formerly)
financial (amounts are in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -------------------------------
                                                               1994        1993        1992
                                                              -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Dividend and interest income other than Wes-FIC's and
  Mutual Savings'...........................................  $ 6,308     $ 5,838     $ 5,881
Rental income, less expenses, from commercial real estate...    1,453       2,062       2,208
Interest expense............................................   (4,571)     (3,364)     (3,189)
General and administrative expenses.........................   (1,544)     (1,020)       (933)
Provision for losses on loans and foreclosed real estate....   (3,000)         --          --
Other items, net............................................     (492)        159         173
                                                              -------     -------     -------
Income (loss) before income tax provision or benefit........   (1,846)      3,675       4,140
Income tax (provision) benefit..............................    2,023        (161)       (364)
                                                              -------     -------     -------
"Normal" net operating income...............................  $   177     $ 3,514     $ 3,776
                                                              ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
     As explained more fully in the fourth and fifth paragraphs of Item 1,
Business, effective with the beginning of 1994, the financial segment was
discontinued, and certain relatively insignificant activities previously
included in that segment are no longer identified with any specific business
segment. These activities include (1) investment activity other than Wes-FIC's,
(2) management of owned commercial real estate, (3) development and liquidation
of foreclosed real estate and delinquent loans formerly owned by Mutual Savings,
and (4) parent company operations. The 1994 figures shown in the foregoing table
reflect the new classification.
 
     In addition, to facilitate comparison, extraneous amounts that were
included in the financial segment in 1993 and 1992 because they were more
closely related to that segment than the other two business segments have been
removed from financial segment operating figures and included in the foregoing
table. These include amounts relating to (1) investment activity other than
Wes-FIC's and Mutual Savings', (2) management of owned commercial real estate,
and (3) other operations of the parent company and, after activation late in
1993, MS Property.
 
     In reclassifying figures for 1993 and 1992, however, revenues and expenses
that were integral to Mutual Savings' operation have not been removed from the
financial segment and included in the foregoing table. As a result, general and
administrative expenses and other items applicable to development and
liquidation of foreclosed real estate and delinquent loans are included in the
1994 figures in the foregoing table but not those of 1993 and 1992. Also, the
provision for losses on loans and real estate of $3.0 million in 1994 has no
prior year counterparts in the foregoing table; the 1993 and 1992 loss
provisions were $2.9 million and $0.7 million, as shown in the financial segment
table on the previous page.
 
     Nonsegment interest expense was much higher in 1994 than in either of the
preceding years principally as a result of borrowings from Wes-FIC made late in
1993 to facilitate the transfer of loans and foreclosed properties to MS
Property; 1994 insurance segment income benefited accordingly.
 
     Rental income declined in each of the last two years due mainly to the
change in major tenant: Mutual Savings' large headquarters operation was
replaced by a smaller CenFed branch operation.
 
     The income tax provision or benefit on Wesco's nonsegment activities has
fluctuated as a percentage of the pre-tax income or loss from such activities.
These fluctuations have been caused mainly by fluctuations in the relationship
of substantially tax-exempt dividend income to total pre-tax income or loss from
such activities.
 
                                       26
<PAGE>   16
 
                                   * * * * *
 
     Management's long-term goal is to maximize gain in Wesco's intrinsic
business value per share, with little regard to earnings recorded in any given
year. There is no particular strategy as to the timing of sales of investments
or the realization of securities gains. Securities may be sold for a variety of
reasons, including (1) the belief that prospects for future appreciation of a
particular investment are less attractive than the prospects for reinvestment of
the after-tax proceeds from its sale, or (2) the desire for funds for an
acquisition or repayment of debt.
 
     Realized gains and losses on investments have been an element of Wesco's
net income for a number of years. The amounts of these gains or losses, recorded
when securities are sold or when a decline in market value of an investment is
considered to be other than temporary, tend to fluctuate significantly from
period to period. The varying effect upon Wesco's pre-tax income is evident on
the face of the consolidated statement of income. The amount of realized gain or
loss has no predictive value, and variations in amount from period to period
have no practical analytical value, particularly in view of the existence of
substantial net unrealized price appreciation in Wesco's consolidated investment
portfolio.
 
     In 1994 Wesco realized net after-tax gains on sales of securities of $0.2
million; it also wrote down the carrying value of an investment believed to have
declined in market value other than temporarily by $5.9 million after income tax
effect (see Note 2 to Wesco's consolidated financial statements for further
information as to Wesco's investment in preferred stock of USAir Group, Inc.).
Realized securities gains amounted to $1.2 million and $0.1 million after income
taxes in 1993 and 1992.
 
     As explained in the second paragraph of this Item 7, unrealized
appreciation of all Wesco's marketable equity securities -- not just those of
its Wes-FIC insurance subsidiary, as in the past -- is included in the
consolidated balance sheet net of deemed applicable income taxes, effective as
of 1993 yearend. The Financial Accounting Standards Board required (in SFAS No.
115) that the net writeup be credited directly to shareholders' equity without
figuring in any way in the determination of net income, the same, sensible
procedure that had been followed for insurance entities. However, in another
pronouncement (SFAS No. 109) -- which required, among other things, adjusting
deferred income tax liabilities to reflect tax rate changes -- the FASB directed
that all such tax adjustments not bypass net income; thus, Wesco's 1993 net
income was penalized by $1.6 million due to an increase in the federal rate from
34% to 35% on Wes-FIC's unrealized appreciation, notwithstanding the fact that
the appreciation had never benefited net income.
 
     Wesco's consolidated revenues include significant amounts of substantially
tax-exempt dividend income from preferred and common stocks as well as fully
tax-exempt interest on state and municipal bonds. Fluctuations in the proportion
of these components to total consolidated pre-tax income -- plus a special tax
provision of $17.5 million recorded as of 1992 yearend, and $2.1 million in 1993
to give effect to the tax rate increase applicable to deferred tax items
(including the $1.6 million discussed in the preceding paragraph) -- have
resulted in tax provisions as percentages of pre-tax income before cumulative
effect of change in accounting principle of 8.6%, 21.3% and 80.7% in 1994, 1993
and 1992. (See Note 5 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for
further information on income taxes.)
 
     Consolidated revenues, expenses and earnings set forth in Item 6, Selected
Financial Data, and in Wesco's consolidated statement of income, are not
necessarily indicative of future revenues, expenses and earnings, in that they
are subject to significant variations in amount and timing of securities gains
and losses and the possible occurrence of other unusual items. In addition, as
explained above, in October 1993, Mutual Savings, after transferring savings
accounts and some mortgage loans to CenFed, gave up its status as a regulated
savings and loan association. Then, on January 1, 1994, Mutual Savings merged
into Wes-FIC, which continues to engage in the indirect mortgage lending
business. The merger not only resulted in elimination of nonproductive overhead
needed to maintain compliance with savings and loan laws and regulations, but
also increased reinsurance capacity and asset-deployment options, enabling
Wes-FIC to enter into the business of
 
                                       27
<PAGE>   17
 
super-cat reinsurance in 1994. It is hoped that the restructuring of Wesco's
consolidated operations will result in further benefits in the future.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
     Following is an index to financial statements and related schedules
appearing in this report:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               PAGE
                                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                          NUMBER
        --------------------------------------------------------------------  ------
        <S>                                                                   <C>
        Independent auditors' report........................................    31
        Consolidated balance sheet -- December 31, 1994 and 1993............    32
        Consolidated statement of income and retained earnings -- years
          ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992............................    33
        Consolidated statement of cash flows -- years ended December 31,
          1994, 1993 and 1992...............................................    34
        Notes to consolidated financial statements..........................    35
</TABLE>
 
     The data appearing on the financial statement schedules listed below should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes of
Wesco Financial Corporation and the independent auditors' report referred to
above. Schedules not included with these financial statement schedules have been
omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     SCHEDULE    PAGE
                       FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                  NUMBER    NUMBER
        -----------------------------------------------------------  --------   ------
        <S>                                                          <C>        <C>
        Condensed financial information of registrant -- December
          31, 1994 and 1993, and years ended December 31, 1994,
          1993 and 1992............................................       I       46
</TABLE>
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 
     Not applicable, as there were no such changes or disagreements.
 
PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
     The information set forth in the section entitled "Election of Directors"
appearing in the definitive combined notice of annual meeting and proxy
statement of Wesco Financial Corporation for its 1995 annual meeting of
shareholders (the "1995 Proxy Statement") is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
     The information set forth in the section "Compensation of Directors and
Executive Officers" in the 1995 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
     The information set forth in the section "Voting Securities and Holders
Thereof" in the 1995 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
     Certain information set forth in the sections "Election of Directors,"
"Board of Director Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation of
Directors and Executive Officers" in the 1995 Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.
 
                                       28
<PAGE>   18
 
PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
     The following exhibits (listed by numbers corresponding to Table 1 of Item
601 of Regulation S-K) are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or
are incorporated herein by reference:
 
        3a.   Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of Wesco Financial
Corporation.
 
        4.1   Form of Indenture dated October 2, 1989 (incorporated by reference
              to Exhibit 4.1 to report on Form 8-K of Wesco Financial
              Corporation dated October 31, 1989, File No. 33-31290).
 
        4.2   Form of Supplemental Indenture dated October 15, 1989
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to report on Form 8-K of
              Wesco Financial Corporation dated October 31, 1989, File No.
              33-31290).
 
     Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of registrant
and its subsidiaries are not being filed since the total amount of securities
authorized by all such instruments does not exceed 10% of the total assets of
the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of December 31,
1994. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission upon request a
copy of any such debt instrument to which it is a party.
 
        10.1  Purchase of Assets and Liability Assumption Agreement dated May
              10, 1993, among Mutual Savings and Loan Association, Wesco
              Financial Corporation and CenFed Bank, A Federal Savings Bank
              (incorporated by reference to Wesco's Quarterly Report on Form
              10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1993).
 
        22.   Subsidiaries.
 
     The index to financial statements and related schedules set forth in Item 8
of this report is incorporated herein by reference.
 
     No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter ended December 31,
1994.
 
                                       29
<PAGE>   19
 
                                   SIGNATURES
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
 
<TABLE>
<S>   <C>                                                                     <C>
By:   Charles T. Munger                                                        March 28, 1995
      Chairman of the Board (principal executive officer)
 
By:   Robert H. Bird                                                           March 28, 1995
      Director
      President (principal operating officer)
 
By:   Jeffrey L. Jacobson                                                      March 28, 1995
      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      (principal financial officer)
</TABLE>
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
Robert H. Bird                                                                March 28, 1995
Director
 
Carolyn H. Carlburg                                                           March 28, 1995
Director
 
James N. Gamble                                                               March 28, 1995
Director
 
Charles T. Munger                                                             March 28, 1995
Director
</TABLE>
 
                                       30
<PAGE>   20
 
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Wesco Financial Corporation
 
     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wesco
Financial Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1994. Our audits
also included the financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 8.
These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based
on our audits.
 
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
     In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Wesco Financial Corporation and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
Also, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein.
 
     As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993
the Company changed its methods of accounting for income taxes and investments
to conform with recent pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board.
 

Deloitte & Touche LLP


Los Angeles, California
March 9, 1995
 
                                       31
<PAGE>   21
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                         (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       ---------------------
                                                                         1994         1993
                                                                       --------     --------
<S>                                                                    <C>          <C>
ASSETS
Cash and temporary cash investments..................................  $ 15,800     $  5,230
Investments:
  Securities with fixed maturities...................................   183,089      202,126
  Marketable equity securities.......................................   696,261      639,958
Accounts receivable..................................................     6,501        6,962
Real estate held for sale............................................    23,414       29,935
Property and equipment...............................................    14,279       13,907
Other assets.........................................................    22,417       17,037
                                                                       --------     --------
                                                                       $961,761     $915,155
                                                                       ========     ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses........................  $ 39,785     $ 53,818
Income taxes payable, principally deferred...........................   191,858      180,722
Notes payable........................................................    37,557       37,896
Other liabilities....................................................    14,414       16,632
                                                                       --------     --------
                                                                        283,614      289,068
                                                                       --------     --------
Shareholders' equity:
  Capital stock, $1 par value -- authorized, 7,500,000 shares; issued
     and outstanding, 7,119,807 shares...............................     7,120        7,120
  Capital surplus arising from stock dividends.......................    23,319       23,319
  Unrealized appreciation of investments, net of taxes...............   349,122      309,057
  Retained earnings..................................................   298,586      286,591
                                                                       --------     --------
     Total shareholders' equity......................................   678,147      626,087
                                                                       --------     --------
                                                                       $961,761     $915,155
                                                                       ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       32
<PAGE>   22
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
                             AND RETAINED EARNINGS
 
           (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PER SHARE)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                          ----------------------------------
                                                            1994         1993         1992
                                                          --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues:
  Insurance premiums earned.............................  $  1,133     $ 12,158     $ 19,587
  Sales and service revenues............................    62,143       63,627       65,438
  Interest and dividends on investments other than
     mortgage-backed securities.........................    26,207       28,152       28,186
  Interest on loans and mortgage-backed securities......     2,810        7,952       16,688
  Gains, net, on sales of securities and foreclosed
     property...........................................       323        1,783          105
  Gain on disposition of Mutual Savings' loans and
     deposits...........................................        --        1,577           --
  Other.................................................     2,842        2,109        1,811
                                                          --------     --------     --------
                                                            95,458      117,358      131,815
                                                          --------     --------     --------
Costs and expenses:
  Insurance losses, loss adjustment and underwriting
     expenses...........................................      (571)      12,894       20,779
  Cost of services and products sold....................    49,459       51,570       52,491
  Interest on savings accounts..........................        --        5,792       11,986
  Selling, general and administrative expenses..........    13,713       16,051       15,813
  Interest on notes payable.............................     3,092        4,610        4,872
  Other-than-temporary decline in value of investment in
     USAir Group, Inc. preferred stock..................     9,000           --           --
  Loss on sale of New America Electric..................        --        2,700           --
                                                          --------     --------     --------
                                                            74,693       93,617      105,941
                                                          --------     --------     --------
Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of
  change in accounting for income taxes.................    20,765       23,741       25,874
Provision for income taxes..............................    (1,793)      (5,046)     (20,873)
                                                          --------     --------     --------
Income before cumulative effect of change in accounting
  for income taxes......................................    18,972       18,695        5,001
Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income
  taxes.................................................        --        1,023           --
                                                          --------     --------     --------
  Net income............................................    18,972       19,718        5,001
Retained earnings -- beginning of year..................   286,591      273,566      274,972
Cash dividends declared and paid........................    (6,977)      (6,693)      (6,407)
                                                          --------     --------     --------
Retained earnings -- end of year........................  $298,586     $286,591     $273,566
                                                          =========    =========    =========
Amounts per share based on 7,119,807 shares outstanding
  throughout each year:
  Net income before cumulative effect of change in
     accounting for income taxes........................  $   2.66     $   2.63     $    .70
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income
     taxes..............................................        --         0.14           --
                                                            ------       ------       ------
  Net income............................................     $2.66        $2.77        $ .70
                                                            ------       ------       ------
                                                            ------       ------       ------
  Cash dividends........................................     $ .98        $ .94        $ .90
                                                            ------       ------       ------
                                                            ------       ------       ------
</TABLE>
 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       33
<PAGE>   23
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                         (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                   ---------------------------------
                                                                     1994        1993         1992
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>          <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income....................................................   $ 18,972    $  19,718    $  5,001
  Adjustments to reconcile net income with net cash, including
    temporary cash investments, provided by operating
    activities --
    Gains, net, on sales of securities and foreclosed property,
       deposits and loans of Mutual Savings, and interest in New
       America Electric, before taxes...........................       (323)        (660)       (105)
    Other-than-temporary decline in value of investment in USAir
       Group, Inc. preferred stock..............................      9,000           --          --
    Provision for depreciation and amortization.................      1,704        1,774       1,864
    Provision for losses on loans and real estate held for
       sale.....................................................      3,000        2,875         650
    Increase (decrease) in liabilities for losses and loss
       adjustment expenses of insurance business................    (14,033)      (7,708)      2,234
    Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable currently.......     (7,198)         127        (841)
    Increase in deferred income taxes payable associated with
       recapture of Mutual Savings' special bad debt
       deductions...............................................         --           --      17,500
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income
       taxes....................................................         --       (1,023)         --
    Other, net..................................................      4,099       (2,686)     (1,358)
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
       Net cash provided by operating activities................     15,221       12,417      24,945
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Real estate loan originations.................................     (1,100)      (1,471)    (16,879)
  Principal collections on real estate loans....................         66       15,629      14,861
  Purchases of securities with fixed maturities.................    (20,637)     (10,395)         --
  Proceeds from maturities and redemptions of securities
    with fixed maturities.......................................     35,889       44,426     103,233
  Proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities...........         --        6,624          --
  Purchases of marketable equity securities.....................         --       (3,091)       (714)
Payment to savings institution for its assumption of Mutual
  Savings' savings accounts and certain other liabilities
  (totaling $219,604), less its acquisition of loans and certain
  other assets
  (totaling $84,997)............................................         --     (134,607)         --
  Other, net....................................................     (1,453)      (3,183)       (581)
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
       Net cash provided (used) in investing activities.........     12,765      (86,068)     99,920
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net decrease in savings accounts..............................         --      (31,008)    (36,292)
  Short-term borrowings from affiliates.........................         --       84,500          --
  Repayments of notes and short-term borrowings.................    (10,439)     (91,623)       (310)
  Payment of cash dividends.....................................     (6,977)      (6,693)     (6,407)
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
       Net cash used in financing activities....................    (17,416)     (44,824)    (43,009)
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
Increase (decrease) in cash, including temporary cash
  investments...................................................     10,570     (118,475)     81,856
Cash, including temporary cash investments -- beginning of
  year..........................................................      5,230      123,705      41,849
                                                                   --------    ---------    --------
Cash, including temporary cash investments -- end of year.......   $ 15,800    $   5,230    $123,705
                                                                   ========    =========    ========
Supplementary disclosures:
  Interest paid during year.....................................   $  3,109    $  10,963    $ 17,698
  Income taxes paid, net, during year...........................     11,038        4,980       4,213
</TABLE>
 
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       34
<PAGE>   24
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT FOR AMOUNTS PER SHARE)
 
NOTE 1. PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION
 
     Wesco Financial Corporation ("Wesco") is 80.1%-owned by Blue Chip Stamps
("Blue Chip"), which in turn is wholly owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
("Berkshire").
 
     The 1994 consolidated financial statements of Wesco include the accounts of
Wesco and its subsidiaries, which are all either directly or indirectly wholly
owned. These subsidiaries -- most importantly , Wesco-Financial Insurance
Company ("Wes-FIC"), Precision Steel Warehouse, Inc. ("Precision Steel") and MS
Property Company ("MS Property") -- are engaged in diverse businesses. The 1993
and 1992 consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of
wholly owned Mutual Savings and Loan Association ("Mutual Savings" -- see below)
and approximately 80%-owned New America Electrical Corporation ("New America
Electric"); the latter sold its business assets in mid-1993 and liquidated
shortly thereafter, with Wesco realizing an after-tax loss of $1,617, or $.23
per share. See Note 8 for Wesco's consolidated financial information classified
by business segment.
 
     On October 8, 1993, Mutual Savings consummated an agreement with CenFed
Bank, A Federal Savings Bank ("CenFed"), following receipt of regulatory
approvals. Mutual Savings transferred its savings accounts and certain other
liabilities (totaling about $220,000) to CenFed, offset by (1) substantially all
of its real estate loans and certain other non-cash assets (about $86,000,
combined) and cash (about $134,000). Pursuant to the agreement, Wesco loaned
$4,000 to CenFed's parent corporation for a three-year period, with interest at
prime rate initially, at 7% beginning in October 1994, and at 8% beginning in
October 1995. In addition, Mutual Savings and Wesco jointly agreed to indemnify
CenFed to the extent of at least 90% with respect to any losses that might be
sustained on the loans transferred. After provision for indemnification for any
such losses, the CenFed transaction resulted in an after-tax gain of $906, or
$.13 per Wesco share.
 
     Following completion of the foregoing transaction, (1) Mutual Savings
transferred certain assets, consisting principally of Mutual Savings' foreclosed
real estate and several real estate loans that were not sold to CenFed, to MS
Property, which is continuing the liquidation of those assets, and (2) Wesco
transferred to MS Property its commercial real estate property in Pasadena,
California.
 
     Mutual Savings retained a majority (at market value) of its former assets,
consisting mostly of stock of Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("Freddie
Mac") and indirect loans in the form of securitized mortgages. Immediately after
1993 yearend Mutual Savings merged into Wes-FIC, which continues to engage in
indirect real estate lending.
 
     Late in 1993, Mutual Savings gave up its regulatory savings and loan
status. The decision to do so, which was made late in 1992, subjected to income
taxes $47,314 of earnings that had been previously sheltered due to the
availability of special savings and loan tax-basis bad debt deductions. Wesco's
1992 net income was therefore negatively impacted by the large related income
tax expense of $17,500, or $2.46 per share (see Note 5).
 
     Effective January 1, 1993, Wesco adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes." One result was a $1,023 ($.14 per share) credit set forth
separately on the 1993 statement of income and retained earnings as the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting for income taxes. Adoption of SFAS
No. 109 resulted also in an increase in the 1993 provision for income taxes, and
a reduction in 1993 net income of $2,107, or $.30 per share (see Note 5).
 
     Another accounting pronouncement, SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," had a very significant impact on
Wesco's consolidated balance sheet at 1993 yearend. Marketable equity securities
of all Wesco entities -- not just its Wes-FIC insurance
 
                                       35
<PAGE>   25
 
subsidiary, as in the past -- were written up to market value rather than stated
at the lower of aggregate cost or market. The unrealized appreciation recorded
by the non-insurance entities, less deemed applicable income taxes, was credited
directly to shareholders' equity, which thereby increased $188,780, or $26.51
per share (see Note 2).
 
     All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
 
NOTE 2. INVESTMENTS
 
     Temporary cash investments consist of funds invested in money-market
accounts and other highly liquid investments maturing in less than three months
from date acquired.
 
     Management determines the appropriate classifications of investments in
securities with fixed maturities and marketable equity securities at the time of
purchase and reevaluates such designations as of each balance sheet date. There
are three permissible classifications: held-to-maturity; available-for-sale; and
trading. Securities are deemed to be held-to-maturity securities when both the
ability and the positive intent to hold them to maturity are present; they are
carried on the consolidated balance sheet at cost and adjusted for any accretion
of discount or amortization of premium using a method that produces
approximately level yield. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair
value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of deemed applicable income taxes,
reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity; there is no effect on
net income, except to reflect changes in income tax rates relating to such
unrealized gains and losses (see Note 5 re recording of rate changes in 1993).
Realized gains and losses on sales of investments, determined on a specific
identification basis, are included in the consolidated statement of income, as
are other-than-temporary declines in fair value.
 
     Investments in securities with fixed maturities, effective with the first
quarter of 1994, have been classified as available-for-sale and, accordingly,
carried at fair value, with the net unrealized gain or loss included in the
component of shareholders' equity previously established for unrealized
appreciation of securities. As of December 31, 1993, they were classified as
held-to-maturity. The change in classification of these investments conformed
Wesco's financial reporting for such investments to its financial reporting for
marketable equity securities and resulted in an increase in Wesco's
shareholders' equity ($3,482 or $.49 per share as of yearend 1994). There was no
effect on Wesco's net income. No investments were held for trading purposes at
December 31, 1994 or 1993.
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       36
<PAGE>   26
 
     Following is a summary of securities with fixed maturities:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                                                   GROSS        GROSS      ESTIMATED
                                                     AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED    MARKET
                                                       COST        GAINS        LOSSES       VALUE
                                                     ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Mortgage-backed securities.........................  $  32,495     $   32      $ (1,140)   $  31,387
Preferred stocks --
  Salomon Inc, 9%..................................    100,000      5,000            --      105,000
  Champion International Corporation, 9.25%........     23,000      1,150            --       24,150
  USAir Group, Inc., 9.25%.........................      3,000*        --            --        3,000
State and municipal bonds..........................     13,612        640            --       14,252
Other..............................................      5,346         --           (46)       5,300
                                                     ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------
                                                     $ 177,453     $6,822      $ (1,186)   $ 183,089
                                                     =========   ========      ========    =========
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                                                   GROSS        GROSS      ESTIMATED
                                                     AMORTIZED   UNREALIZED   UNREALIZED    MARKET
                                                       COST        GAINS        LOSSES       VALUE
                                                     ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Mortgage-backed securities.........................  $  45,848    $    511     $     --    $  46,359
Preferred stocks --
  Salomon Inc, 9%..................................    100,000      25,000           --      125,000
  Champion International Corporation, 9.25%........     23,000       1,150           --       24,150
  USAir Group, Inc., 9.25%.........................     12,000          --       (3,000)       9,000
State and municipal bonds..........................     21,278       1,027           --       22,305
                                                     ---------   ----------   ----------   ---------
                                                     $ 202,126    $ 27,688     $ (3,000)   $ 226,814
                                                     =========    ========     ========    =========
</TABLE>
 
---------------
 
*Net of writedown (see below).
 
     The preferred stocks were acquired in conjunction with purchases made by
other subsidiaries of Berkshire, and are all convertible into common stock and
subject to various contractual terms and conditions. Salomon Inc must redeem 20%
of its preferred stock on October 31 each year commencing in 1995, to the extent
still outstanding. Champion International Corporation must redeem its preferred
stock by December 6, 1999 if not previously called or converted. USAir Group,
Inc.'s redemption requirement is stated below.
 
     The USAir Group, Inc. investment -- 12,000 shares of USAir Group, Inc.
Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock ("USAir Preferred
Shares") -- was made in 1989 for $12,000 as part of a $358,000 investment in
358,000 shares in which other subsidiaries of Berkshire participated. If not
called or converted prior to August 7, 1999, the USAir Preferred Shares are
mandatorily redeemable by USAir Group, Inc. ("USAir") at $1,000 per share
($358,000 in the aggregate, of which Wesco's share would be $12,000), plus
accrued dividends.
 
     On September 29, 1994, USAir announced that it was deferring the quarterly
dividend payment due September 30, 1994 on the USAir Preferred Shares. As of
March 7, 1995, neither that dividend nor the quarterly dividend due December 31,
1994 had been received. USAir has publicly stated that its ability to survive in
the low fare competitive environment is contingent upon USAir's ability
permanently to reduce its operating costs through reductions in personnel costs
and other cost saving initiatives. USAir management is currently engaged in
discussions with the leadership of its unionized employees to achieve its goal
of reducing personnel costs. While USAir's management has stated it is committed
to reaching an agreement with the labor groups, both the timing and the outcome
of the negotiations are uncertain.
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       37
<PAGE>   27
 
     As a result of the extended period of losses and the uncertainty
surrounding the outcome of the labor negotiations, Berkshire and Wesco
management have concluded that an other-than-temporary decline in the value of
the USAir Preferred Shares has arisen. Accordingly, Wesco's 1994 consolidated
statement of income includes a charge of $9,000, or $5,850 after income taxes,
to reflect the decline. The $5,850 net charge to earnings was recorded in the
fourth quarter of 1994. Shareholders' equity, however, had already been reduced
by the same after-tax amount in earlier 1994 reporting periods: (1) at March 31,
1994, when securities with fixed maturities were first carried at fair value
(see third paragraph of Note 2 above), the carrying value of the USAir Preferred
Shares was adjusted downward to reflect its then estimated fair value of $6,000,
and the after-tax effect of the resulting $6,000 reduction was charged to the
separate component of shareholders' equity established for unrealized
appreciation; (2) at September 30, 1994, an additional downward adjustment of
the shareholders' equity component was made to reflect a further reduction of
estimated fair value of the investment to $3,000, which also represents its
estimated fair value as of December 31, 1994.
 
     Following is a summary of marketable equity securities:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              DECEMBER 31, 1994               DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                         ---------------------------     ---------------------------
                                                        MARKET AND                      MARKET AND
                                           COST       CARRYING VALUE       COST       CARRYING VALUE
                                         --------     --------------     --------     --------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>                <C>          <C>
Freddie Mac common stock...............  $ 71,729        $363,600        $ 71,729        $359,100
The Coca-Cola Company common stock.....    40,761         185,544          40,761         160,775
The Gillette Company common stock......    40,000         119,800          40,000          95,400
Other..................................    14,265          27,317          14,265          24,683
                                         --------        --------        --------        --------
                                         $166,755        $696,261        $166,755        $639,958
                                         ========        ========        ========        ========
</TABLE>
 
     At 1994 and 1993 yearends, the market values of marketable equity
securities contained $152 and $139 of unrealized losses.
 
NOTE 3. REAL ESTATE HELD FOR SALE
 
     Real estate held for sale represents property owned by MS Property and
acquired through foreclosure by Mutual Savings or itself. It is stated on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet at cost, less any writedowns and
valuation allowances. The principal property is a 22-acre parcel of largely
oceanfront land near Santa Barbara, California, where a luxury development
consisting of townhomes and residential lots has been in process of construction
and sale for a number of years. The net book value of the project decreased to
$18,816 at 1994 yearend from $23,238 one year earlier, reflecting mainly a
$3,000 writedown of the development to estimated net realizable value, following
a similar $2,000 writedown in 1993.
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       38
<PAGE>   28
 
NOTE 4. INSURANCE LIABILITIES
 
     Wes-FIC's insurance business to date has consisted mainly of participations
in property and casualty reinsurance contracts of Berkshire's principal
insurance subsidiary.
 
     Wes-FIC recognizes insurance premiums as earned revenues pro rata over the
term of each contract on all forms of insurance except for catastrophic excess
of loss ("super-cat") reinsurance contracts. Premiums on super-cat reinsurance
contracts are not recognized as earned until the earlier of a loss occurrence or
contract expiration, in order to avoid premature recognition of underwriting
profits.
 
     Following is a summary of Wes-FIC's liabilities for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses for each of the past three years:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           1994        1993        1992
                                                          -------     -------     -------
    <S>                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
    Balance at beginning of year........................  $53,818     $61,526     $60,252
    Incurred losses recorded during year --
      For current year..................................    1,982      10,076      14,723
      For all prior years*..............................   (3,967)     (1,060)         21
                                                          -------     -------     -------
      Total incurred losses.............................   (1,985)      9,016      14,744
                                                          -------     -------     -------
    Payments made during year --
      For current year..................................    1,465       5,666       5,901
      For all prior years...............................   10,583      11,058       7,569
                                                          -------     -------     -------
      Total payments....................................   12,048      16,724      13,470
                                                          -------     -------     -------
    Balance at end of year..............................  $39,785     $53,818     $61,526
                                                          =======     ========    =======
</TABLE>
 
---------------
 
* Includes adjustments of estimated losses provided for in prior years.
 
     Unearned insurance premiums of $8,872 and $1,015 at December 31, 1994 and
1993 are included in other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet.
 
NOTE 5. TAXES ON INCOME
 
     Following is a breakdown of income taxes payable at 1994 and 1993 yearends:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1994         1993
                                                               --------     --------
        <S>                                                    <C>          <C>
        Current (payable within one year)....................  $    136     $  7,715
        Deferred (payable subsequently)......................   191,722      173,007
                                                               --------     --------
        Income taxes payable.................................  $191,858     $180,722
                                                               ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     Effective January 1, 1993, Wesco adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes." This statement requires that income taxes be calculated under the
asset and liability method, rather than the deferred method used in prior years.
Under the deferred method, differences between financial reporting and
tax-return reporting in the timing of revenues and expenses were multiplied by
tax rates then in effect, and the resulting taxes or benefits were deferred on
the financial statements as income taxes payable or prepaid income taxes; the
financial statements were not adjusted subsequently to reflect changes in tax
rates. Under the asset and liability method, balances of revenue and expense
timing differences at a balance sheet date (i.e., amounts of these temporary
differences that will disappear in the future) are multiplied by the tax rates
in effect at the balance sheet date, with the results deferred on the financial
statements as net deferred tax liabilities or assets; thus, under this method
the financial statements are automatically adjusted for changes in tax rates
when they occur.
 
     The cumulative effect of adopting SFAS No. 109 on Wesco's consolidated
financial statements caused a reduction in the liability for deferred income
taxes and an increase in after-tax income of
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       39
<PAGE>   29
 
$1,023 ($.14 per share) as of January 1, 1993. This amount is reported on the
accompanying consolidated statement of income and retained earnings as the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. Prior year financial
statements have not been restated.
 
     In August 1993, the federal corporate tax rate was raised from 34% to 35%
retroactive to January 1, 1993. SFAS No. 109 requires that the entire effect of
a change in tax rate be recognized in the determination of net income in the
period enacted. Accordingly, Wesco's tax provision and, thus, net income for the
current year include not only the relatively minor effect of the one-percentage-
point increase in the federal rate on 1993 pre-tax income, but also charges for
the effect of the rate increase on two deferred tax liabilities that originated
in prior years: (1) $1,607 associated with unrealized appreciation of marketable
equity securities of Wes-FIC (notwithstanding that the gains, themselves, have
not yet figured in the determination of consolidated net income); and (2) $500
associated with the recapture of Mutual Savings' special bad debt tax deductions
(see below).
 
     The consolidated statement of income contains a provision for income taxes
(before the $1,023 cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes
recorded in 1993) as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           1994        1993        1992
                                                          -------     -------     -------
    <S>                                                   <C>         <C>         <C>
    Federal.............................................  $ 1,681     $ 4,245     $18,018
    State...............................................      112         801       2,855
                                                          -------     -------     -------
      Provision for income taxes........................  $ 1,793     $ 5,046     $20,873
                                                          =======     =======     =======
    Current.............................................  $ 4,465     $ 9,450     $ 3,615
    Deferred............................................   (2,672)     (4,404)     17,258
                                                          -------     -------     -------
      Provision for income taxes........................  $ 1,793     $ 5,046     $20,873
                                                          =======     =======     =======
</TABLE>
 
     SFAS No. 109 required certain disclosures relating to deferred tax assets
and liabilities, effective with its adoption by Wesco in 1993, as set forth in
the next table. The table following that presents certain prior information
still required under the former rule.
 
     Following is a summary of the tax effects of temporary differences that
give rise to significant portions of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax
assets as of 1994 and 1993 yearends:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     1994         1993
                                                                   --------     --------
    <S>                                                            <C>          <C>
    Deferred tax liabilities, relating to --
      Unrealized appreciation of investments.....................  $187,480     $164,146
      Recapture of Mutual Savings' special bad debt tax
         deductions..............................................     9,379       12,139
      Other items................................................     4,184        1,733
                                                                   --------     --------
                                                                    201,043      178,018
    Deferred tax assets..........................................    (9,321)      (5,011)
                                                                   --------     --------
         Net deferred tax liability..............................  $191,722     $173,007
                                                                   ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     Following is a summary of the tax effects of timing differences for the
year ended December 31, 1992:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  1992
                                                                                --------
    <S>                                                                         <C>
    Recapture of Mutual Savings' special bad debt tax deductions..............  $ 17,500
    State income taxes deducted under different methods.......................       107
    Deferred insurance premium acquisition costs..............................       736
    Amortization of unearned insurance premiums...............................      (749)
    Discounting of losses and loss adjustment expense reserves of insurance
      business................................................................      (283)
    Other, net................................................................       (53)
                                                                                --------
      Deferred portion of income tax provision................................  $ 17,258
                                                                                ========
</TABLE>
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       40
<PAGE>   30
 
     Wesco's 1992 net income was negatively impacted by an unusual $17,500
increase in income tax expense resulting from Mutual Savings' decision in late
1992 to give up its status as a regulated savings and loan association. The tax
provision related to $47,314 of undistributed retained earnings of Mutual
Savings that had not been taxed due to the availability of special bad debt tax
deductions to savings and loan associations. These deductions were not related
to amounts of losses actually anticipated and were not charged against income
for financial reporting purposes; if the association ceased to qualify as a
regulated savings and loan association, such action would necessitate accrual
and payment of income taxes. The tax liability is being paid over several years.
 
     Following is a reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate with
the effective income tax rate resulting in the provision for income taxes
(before the $1,023 cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes
recorded in 1993) appearing on the consolidated statement of income:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 1994      1993      1992
                                                                 -----     -----     -----
    <S>                                                          <C>       <C>       <C>
    Statutory federal income tax rate..........................   35.0%     35.0%     34.0%
    Increase (decrease) resulting from:
      Recapture of Mutual Savings' special bad debt tax
         deductions............................................     --        --      67.6
      Tax-exempt interest income...............................   (2.3)     (3.1)     (5.0)
      Exclusion from taxable income of a significant portion of
         dividend income.......................................  (25.8)    (23.2)    (20.0)
      Tax rate increase on net deferred tax liabilities........     --       8.9        --
      State income taxes, less federal tax benefit.............    0.9       1.2       3.0
      Other differences, net...................................    0.8       2.5       1.1
                                                                 -----     -----     -----
    Effective income tax provision rate........................    8.6%     21.3%     80.7%
                                                                 =====     =====     =====
</TABLE>
 
     Wesco and its subsidiaries join with other Berkshire subsidiaries in the
filing of consolidated federal income tax returns for the Berkshire group. The
consolidated federal tax liability is apportioned among group members pursuant
to methods that result in each member of the group paying or receiving an amount
that approximates the increase or decrease in consolidated taxes attributable to
that member.
 
     Federal income tax returns through 1988 have been examined by and settled
with the Internal Revenue Service. A previously reported disagreement with the
California Franchise Tax Board with respect to state issues affecting years 1980
through 1987 has been tentatively resolved, but not yet finalized, without
significant effect on Wesco's consolidated financial statements.
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       41
<PAGE>   31
 
NOTE 6. NOTES PAYABLE
 
     Following is a list of notes payable, at yearend:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               DECEMBER 31,     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                   1994             1993
                                                               ------------     ------------
    <S>                                                        <C>              <C>
    Notes due November 1999, bearing interest at 8 7/8%
      payable semiannually...................................    $ 30,000         $ 30,000
    Notes payable, collateralized by land, buildings and
      assignment of leases, due in monthly installments
      through February 2007 of $45 including interest at
      9 1/4%.................................................       3,922            4,094
    Industrial revenue bonds due December 2014, bearing
      interest at 7.75% payable semiannually.................       2,600            2,600
    Industrial revenue bonds, due in quarterly installments
      through December 1994 of $42 plus interest at 6 1/2%...          --              167
    Note payable, due December 1998, bearing interest at 10%
      payable monthly........................................       1,035            1,035
                                                                 --------         --------
                                                                 $ 37,557         $ 37,896
                                                                 ========         ========
</TABLE>
 
     Notes payable at 1994 yearend mature as follows: 1995, $187; 1996, $205;
1997, $225; 1998, $1,282; 1999, $30,270; thereafter, $5,388.
 
     Agreements relating to the 8 7/8% notes contain covenants, among others,
enabling the lenders to require Wesco to redeem the notes at par in the event
Wesco ceases to be controlled by Berkshire. Wesco is in compliance with all of
the covenants.
 
     Estimated fair market values of the foregoing notes payable at December 31,
1994 and payable at December 31, 1993 were approximately $38,000 and $43,200.
These figures were computed using discounted cash flow computations based upon
estimates as to interest rates prevailing on those dates for comparable
borrowings.
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       42
<PAGE>   32
 
NOTE 7. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
     Unaudited quarterly financial information for 1994 and 1993 follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  QUARTER ENDED
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------
                                            DECEMBER 31,     SEPTEMBER 30,     JUNE 30,     MARCH 31,
                                                1994             1994            1994         1994
                                            ------------     -------------     --------     ---------
<S>                                            <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>
Total revenues............................     $22,937          $22,772        $24,156       $25,593
                                              ========          =======        =======       =======
Net income excluding unusual items........    $  6,126          $ 6,939        $  5,632      $ 5,920
  Per share...............................         .86              .97             .79          .83
Unusual items, net of any applicable
  income tax effect.......................      (5,851)(1)         (187)(2)         230(2)       163(2)
  Per share...............................        (.82)            (.02)            .03          .02
                                              --------          -------        --------      -------
Net income................................    $    275          $ 6,752        $  5,862      $ 6,083
  Per share...............................         .04              .95             .82          .85
                                              ========          =======        ========      =======
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            DECEMBER 31,     SEPTEMBER 30,     JUNE 30,     MARCH 31,
                                                1993             1993            1993         1993
                                            ------------     -------------     --------     ---------
<S>                                         <C>              <C>               <C>          <C>
Total revenues............................    $ 25,759          $27,861        $ 30,729      $33,009
                                              ========          =======        ========      =======
Net income excluding unusual items and
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting for income taxes.............    $  4,700          $ 5,174        $  5,238      $ 5,270
  Per share...............................         .66              .73             .74          .74
Unusual items, net of any applicable
  income tax effect.......................         906(3)        (2,107)(4)      (1,617)(5)    1,131(2)
  Per share...............................         .13             (.30)           (.23)         .16
                                              --------          -------        --------      -------
Income before cumulative effect of change
  in accounting for income taxes..........       5,606            3,067           3,621        6,401
  Per share...............................         .79              .43             .51          .90
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  for income taxes........................          --               --              --        1,023(6)
  Per share...............................          --               --              --          .14
                                              --------          -------        --------      -------
Net income................................    $  5,606          $ 3,067        $  3,621      $ 7,424
  Per share...............................         .79              .43             .51         1.04
                                              ========          =======        ========      =======
</TABLE>
 
---------------
 
(1) Mainly, effect of adjustment of carrying value of investment in preferred
    stock of US Air Group, Inc. (see Note 2).
 
(2) Gains (losses) on sales of marketable securities and foreclosed properties.
 
(3) Gain on disposition by Mutual Savings of savings deposits and some loans
    (see Note 1).
 
(4) Mainly, effect of change in income tax rate on net deferred tax liabilities
    (see Note 5).
 
(5) Loss on disposition of interest in New America Electric (see Note 1).
 
(6) Cumulative effect of adopting SFAS No. 109 (see Note 5).
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       43
<PAGE>   33
 
NOTE 8. BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA
 
     Consolidated financial information for each of the three most recent years
is presented below, broken down as to Wesco's business segments.
 
     The insurance segment includes the accounts of Wes-FIC.
 
     The industrial segment includes the operating accounts of Precision Steel
and its subsidiaries and, prior to July 1, 1993, of New America Electric.
 
     Prior to 1994, there was also a financial segment, which included the
accounts of Mutual Savings as well as accounts of other Wesco entities that,
although not directly connected with an identified business segment, were more
closely associated with the savings and loan business than any of Wesco's other
businesses.
 
     In October 1993, Mutual Savings discontinued as a regulated savings and
loan association, and, effective January 1, 1994, it merged into Wes-FIC (see
Note 1). As a result, several traditional financial institution items -- notably
loans and savings accounts, together with related interest income and
expense -- partially or wholly disappeared. Most of the remaining items were
transferred to the insurance segment, while foreclosed real estate and troubled
loans, together with related losses, expenses and revenues, were dissociated
from either of the two remaining business segments. Also, other items previously
included in the financial segment because they were more closely related to that
segment than to the insurance or industrial segments disappeared or became
relatively insignificant and are no longer identified with a business segment;
these include (1) investments other than Wes-FIC's, together with related
interest and dividend income and securities gains and losses, (2) commercial
real estate properties, together with related revenues and expenses, and (3) the
assets, revenues and expenses of the parent company.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1994       1993       1992
                                                            -------   --------   --------
    <S>                                                     <C>       <C>        <C>
    Revenues:
      Insurance...........................................  $26,354   $ 29,107   $ 35,027
      Industrial..........................................   62,492     63,959     65,452
      Financial...........................................       --     24,292     31,336
      Not identified with a business segment..............    6,612         --         --
                                                            -------   --------   --------
                                                            $95,458   $117,358   $131,815
                                                            =======   ========   ========
    Operating profit before taxes:
      Insurance...........................................  $17,800   $ 16,166   $ 14,216
      Industrial..........................................    4,811      3,604      3,298
      Financial...........................................       --      8,975     13,532
      Interest expense on notes payable...................   (3,092)    (4,610)    (4,872)
      Not identified with a business segment..............    1,246       (394)      (300)
                                                            -------   --------   --------
                                                            $20,765   $ 23,741   $ 25,874
                                                            =======   ========   ========
</TABLE>                                                     
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       44
<PAGE>   34
 
     The above revenue and pre-tax operating profit data include net gains
(losses) on sales or writedowns of securities and foreclosed property,
including, notably, the $9,000 writedown of USAir preferred stock explained in
Note 2, as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1994       1993       1992
                                                            -------   --------   --------
    <S>                                                     <C>       <C>        <C>
    Insurance.............................................  $(8,749)  $  1,783   $     --
    Financial.............................................       --         --        105
    Not identified with a business segment................       72         --         --
                                                            -------   --------   --------
                                                            $(8,677)  $  1,783   $    105
                                                            =======   ========   ========
</TABLE>
 
     Additional business segment data follow:
 
<TABLE>
    <S>                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>
    Capital expenditures:
      Industrial........................................  $    459   $  1,762   $    398
      Financial.........................................        --        232        939
      Not identified with a business segment............     1,426         --         --
                                                          --------   --------   --------
                                                          $  1,885   $  1,994   $  1,337
                                                          ========   ========   ========
    Depreciation and amortization of tangible assets:
      Industrial........................................  $    890   $    966   $    965
      Financial.........................................        --        350        328
      Not identified with a business segment............       932         --         --
                                                          --------   --------   --------
                                                          $  1,822   $  1,316   $  1,293
                                                          ========   ========   ========
    Identifiable assets at yearend:
      Insurance.........................................  $815,302   $444,250   $425,868
      Industrial........................................    33,504     29,544     32,058
      Financial.........................................        --    441,361    407,033
      Not identified with a business segment............   112,955         --         --
                                                          --------   --------   --------
                                                          $961,761   $915,155   $864,959
                                                          ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>
 
            Dollar amounts in thousands except for amounts per share
 
                                       45
<PAGE>   35
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
 
                                 BALANCE SHEET
                         (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       ---------------------
                                                                         1994         1993
                                                                       --------     --------
<S>                                                                    <C>          <C>
                                           ASSETS
Cash and temporary cash investments..................................  $     22     $     33
Convertible preferred stocks.........................................    60,900       58,000
Investment in subsidiaries, at equity:
  Wes-FIC............................................................   622,886      328,752
  Precision Steel....................................................    35,765       31,970
  MS Property........................................................    25,388       27,631
  Mutual Savings.....................................................        --      240,350
  Other..............................................................       114          342
Income taxes recoverable.............................................        --          735
Other assets.........................................................     5,174        8,490
                                                                       --------     --------
                                                                       $750,249     $696,303
                                                                       ========     ========
                            LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Notes and advances payable...........................................  $ 69,670     $ 69,679
Income taxes payable, principally deferred...........................     1,947           --
Other liabilities....................................................       485          537
                                                                       --------     --------
Total liabilities....................................................    72,102       70,216
Shareholders' equity (see consolidated balance sheet)................   678,147      626,087
                                                                       --------     --------
                                                                       $750,249     $696,303
                                                                       ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       46
<PAGE>   36
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
 
                   STATEMENT OF INCOME AND RETAINED EARNINGS
                         (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              ------------------------------
                                                                1994       1993       1992
                                                              --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues:
  Dividends on preferred stocks.............................  $  5,240   $  5,240   $  5,240
  Rental of office, store and garage premises, less
     expenses...............................................        --      1,905      2,208
  Other.....................................................       511        158         92
                                                              --------   --------   --------
                                                                 5,751      7,303      7,540
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Expenses:
  Interest on notes payable.................................     3,911      3,332      3,189
  General and administrative................................       390        934        933
  Loss on sale of New America Electric......................        --      2,700         --
                                                              --------   --------   --------
                                                                 4,301      6,966      4,122
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Income before items shown below.............................     1,450        337      3,418
Income tax provision (benefit)..............................       542      1,097       (123)
Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries............    16,980     18,284      1,706
                                                              --------   --------   --------
  Net income................................................    18,972     19,718      5,001
Retained earnings -- beginning of year......................   286,591    273,566    274,972
Cash dividends declared and paid............................    (6,977)    (6,693)    (6,407)
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Retained earnings -- end of year............................  $298,586   $286,591   $273,566
                                                              ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       47
<PAGE>   37
 
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION
          SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT
 
                            STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                         (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                -----------------------------
                                                                  1994       1993      1992
                                                                --------   --------   -------
<S>                                                             <C>        <C>        <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income..................................................  $ 18,972   $ 19,718   $ 5,001
  Adjustments to reconcile net income with net cash,
     including temporary cash investments, provided by
     operating activities --
     Decrease (increase) in income taxes recoverable
     currently................................................     1,492       (711)     (661)
     Loss on sale of New America Electric.....................        --      2,700        --
     Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries.........   (16,980)   (18,284)   (1,706)
     Other, net...............................................        39     (3,742)      596
                                                                --------   --------   -------
          Net cash provided (used) in operating activities....     3,523       (319)    3,230
                                                                --------   --------   -------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Cash receipts from sale of New America Electric.............        --      4,052        --
  Other, net..................................................       289       (239)     (400)
                                                                --------   --------   -------
          Net cash provided (used) in investing activities....       289      3,813      (400)
                                                                --------   --------   -------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Advances from subsidiaries, net.............................     3,054      1,481     2,500
  Payment of cash dividends...................................    (6,977)    (6,693)   (6,407)
  Other, net..................................................       100        430      (143)
                                                                --------   --------   -------
          Net cash used in financing activities...............    (3,823)    (4,782)   (4,050)
                                                                --------   --------   -------
Decrease in cash, including temporary cash investments........       (11)    (1,288)   (1,220)
Cash, including temporary cash investments -- beginning of
  year........................................................        33      1,321     2,541
                                                                --------   --------   -------
Cash, including temporary cash investments -- end of year.....  $     22   $     33   $ 1,321
                                                                ========   ========   =======
</TABLE>
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       48
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(A)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3(A) - ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION & BY-LAWS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                    EXHIBIT 3(a)

         Filed
         in the Office of the Secretary of State
         in the State of California March 23, 1959

                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       of
                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION


                 The undersigned DO HEREBY CERTIFY as follows:

         FIRST:  The name of the corporation is WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION.

         SECOND: The principal office of the corporation in the State of
Delaware is located at 129 South State Street, in the City of Dover, County of
Kent.  The name and address of its resident agent is United States Corporation
Company, 129 South State Street, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, State of
Delaware.

         THIRD:  The nature of the business of the corporation and the objects
and purposes proposed to be transacted, promoted or carried on by it are:

         1.      To underwrite, subscribe for, purchase, invest in, or
re-invest, acquire, hold, pledge, hypothecate, exchange, sell, deal in and
dispose of, alone or in syndicates or otherwise in conjunction with others,
stocks, bonds, debentures, mortgages and other evidences of indebtedness and
obligations of any corporation, association, partnership, syndicate, entity,
person or governmental, municipal or public authority, domestic or foreign,
including any savings and loan association, and evidences of any interest, in
respect of any such stocks, bonds and other evidences of indebtedness and
obligations, to issue in exchange therefor its own stocks, bonds or other
obligations, and, while the owner or holder of any such, to exercise all the
rights, powers and privileges of ownership in respect thereof; to make any
guaranty with respect to the stocks, bonds or other securities of any person,
firm, association or corporation, including any savings and loan association;
to aid in any manner any person, firm, association or corporation, including
any savings and loan association whose stocks, bonds or other securities are
held or in any manner guaranteed by the corporation, or in which the
corporation is any way interested; to do any other act or thing for the
preservation, protection, improvement or enhancement of the value of any such
stocks, bonds or other securities.

         2.      To carry on the general business of insurance in all of its
ramifications and including all lines appertaining thereto, specifically
including but not limited to the business of:

                 (a)      life insurance, including insurance upon the lives of
         persons or appertaining thereto, and the granting, purchasing or
         disposing of annuities;
<PAGE>   2
                 (b)      disability insurance, including insurance
         appertaining to injury, disablement or death resulting to the insured
         from accidents, and appertaining to disablement resulting to the
         insured from sickness;

                 (c)      fire insurance including insurance against loss by
         fire, lightning, windstorm, tornado, or earthquakes; insurance against
         loss of, or destruction of, or damage to property when such insurance
         includes loss thereof by fire; and insurance by means of an all risk
         policy against any and all kinds of loss of, or damage to, or loss of
         use of any personal property.

         3.      To carry on a general insurance agency and brokerage business,
and to act as agents, brokers, or attorneys in fact for any persons, firms or
corporations in connection with insurance of any kind or nature whatsoever.

         4.      To conduct a general escrow business, including acting as
escrow agent and doing a general escrow business for purchasers, sellers,
lessors, lessees, trustees, beneficiaries, mortgagors, mortgagees, optionors,
optionees and any and all persons, firms, associations or corporations
interested in real or personal property, or any of them or in any transaction
or transactions, and holding monies, grants, receipts, papers, securities and
other property or evidences of property in escrow, and otherwise doing any act
or performing any service necessary in the conduct of an escrow business.

         5.      To conduct a general real estate agency and brokerage
business, and to act as agents, brokers or attorneys in fact for any persons,
firms or corporations in buying, selling, and dealing in real property and any
and every estate or interest therein.

         6.      To engage in any manufacturing, productive, extractive,
development, investment, mercantile, trading or service business of any kind or
character whatsoever.

         7.      To render management, supervisor, accounting, technical or
other services or advice for any person, firm, association or corporation,
domestic or foreign, by contract or otherwise, and to receive therefor fixed or
contingent compensation, or compensation in the form of commissions, management
fees, shares in gross or net receipts or profits, or in any other manner, or
upon any other terms whatsoever, or so to act without direct compensation.

         8.      To acquire, construct, hold, use, develop, lease, encumber,
sell, transfer or otherwise deal with, turn to account or dispose of any real,
personal or mixed property or any powers, rights privileges, immunities,
franchises, licenses, guaranties, grants or concessions.

         9.      To borrow money and to make, accept, endorse or issue notes,
bonds, debentures or any other evidences of indebtedness, without limit as to
amount, and to secure the same by mortgage, pledge or otherwise.
<PAGE>   3
         10.     To adopt, file, acquire, hold, use, develop, license, lease,
encumber, sell, transfer or otherwise deal with, turn to account or dispose of
copy rights, trademarks, trade names, brands, designs, labels, letters patent,
registrations of or applications for any of the foregoing, license rights,
inventions, improvements, formulae or processes, under both the laws of the
United States and the laws of any other government.

         11.     To acquire, and to pay for in cash, stocks, bonds or any other
securities of this corporation or otherwise, the whole or any part of the good
will, business, assets and property, and to assume the whole or any part of the
obligations and liabilities, of any person, firm, association or corporation.

         12.     To enter into, make, perform and carry out contracts of any
kind whatsoever, including contracts of guaranty, with any person, firm,
association or corporation, public or private, or with any government or public
authority.

         13.     To manage, improve, develop, lease, encumber, sell, transfer
or otherwise deal with, turn to account or dispose of the whole or any part of
the property and assets of the corporation, and from time to time to vary any
investment or employment of capital of the corporation.

         The corporation may do everything necessary, convenient or proper for
the accomplishment or attainment of, and may do everything incidental or
appurtenant to or growing out of or connected with, any power, object or
purpose herein set forth or which the corporation may otherwise have or be
permitted by law, as principal, factor, agent, contractor or otherwise and
either alone or in association with others.

         The business of the corporation is from time to time to do any one or
more of the acts and things herein set forth, and it shall have power to carry
on its business, or any part thereof, to have offices and places of business
and to exercise any or all of its corporate powers and rights both in the State
of Delaware and the rest of the United States and in any and all places outside
the United States.

         The objects and purposes of the corporation set forth herein shall be
construed as powers as well as objects and purposes and their enumeration
herein shall not be deemed to exclude, by inference or otherwise, any power,
object or purpose which the corporation may have or be permitted, whether
expressly or impliedly, under the laws of the State of Delaware now or
hereafter in effect.

         FOURTH: The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is Seven Million Five Hundred Thousand
(7,500,000) shares of par value of One Dollar ($1.00) per share. (By amendment
January 18, 1977).
<PAGE>   4
         FIFTH:  The minimum amount of capital with which the corporation will
commence business is One Thousand Dollars ($1,000).

         SIXTH: The names and places of residence of each of the incorporators
are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Name                     Residence
         ----                     ---------
         <S>                      <C>
         M. P. Gorsuch            129 South State Street
                                  Dover, Delaware

         M. R. Hall               129 South State Street
                                  Dover, Delaware

         E. E. Boyles             129 South State Street
                                  Dover, Delaware
</TABLE>

         SEVENTH: The corporation is to have perpetual existence.

         EIGHTH:  The private property of the stockholders shall not be subject
to the payment of corporate debts to any extent whatever.

         NINTH:   The following provisions are inserted for the management of
the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the corporation:

         1.      In furtherance, and not in limitation, of the powers conferred
by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized:

                 (a)      to make, alter, amend or repeal the by-laws of the
         corporation, unless otherwise provided in the by-laws;

                 (b)      to set apart out of any of the funds of the
         corporation available for dividends a reserve or such reserves for any
         proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the manner in which
         it was created;

                 (c)      to fix and determine and to vary the amount of the
         working capital of the corporation, to determine the use and
         disposition of the working capital and of any surplus or net profits
         over and above the capital of the corporation determined as provided
         by law and to pay dividends at such times and in such manner as they
         may determine;

                 (d)      to authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and
         liens, without limit as to amount, upon the real and personal property
         of the corporation;
<PAGE>   5
                 (e)      to determine from time to time whether and to what
         extent, and at what times and places, and under what conditions and
         regulations, the accounts and books of the corporation (other than the
         stock ledger), or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of the
         stockholders; and no stockholder shall have any right to inspect any
         account, book or document of the corporation except as conferred by
         statute, unless authorized by the directors or by resolution of the
         stockholders;

                 (f)      to make donations for the public welfare or for
         charitable, scientific or educational purposes;

                 (g)      to authorize payment of fixed fees and other
         compensation to directors for their services as directors, including,
         without limitation, services as members of committees of directors;
         provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to
         preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other
         capacity and receiving compensation therefor;

                 (h)      to provide for and carry out and to recall, abolish,
         revise, amend, alter or change, a plan or plans for the participation
         by all or any of the employees, including directors and officers of
         the corporation or of any corporation in which or in the welfare of
         which, the corporation has any interest, and those actively engaged in
         the conduct of the corporation's business, in the profits of the
         corporation or of any branch or division thereof, as part of the
         corporations legitimate expenses, and for the furnishing to said
         employees and persons or any of them, at the corporation's expense, of
         medical services, insurance against accident, sickness, or death,
         pensions during old age, disability or unemployment, education,
         housing, social services, recreation or other similar aids for their
         relief or general welfare, in such manner and upon such terms and
         conditions as may be determined by the Board of Directors.

         In general, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the
corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by
this Certificate of Incorporation or by the by-laws directed or required to be
exercised or done by the stockholders.

         2.      The number of directors of the corporation, which shall never
be less than three, shall be fixed from time to time by the by-laws and may be
altered from time to time by amendment of the by-laws.

         3.      Election of directors need not be by ballot, unless the
by-laws shall so require.
<PAGE>   6
         4.      No contract, transaction or act of the corporation shall be
affected or invalidated by the fact that any of the directors of the
corporation are in any wise interested in or connected with any other party to
such contract, transaction or act or are themselves interested in or parties to
such contract, transaction or act, provided that such interest shall be fully
disclosed or otherwise known to those of the Board of Directors who act upon
the matter at the time such contract, transaction or act is authorized,
ratified or confirmed, and any such director may be counted in determining the
existence of a quorum at any meeting at which such contract, transaction or act
is authorized, ratified or confirmed, and may vote thereat in connection with
such authorization, ratification or confirmation with like force and effect as
if he were not so interested or connected or was not a party to such contract,
transaction or act.

         5.      The Board of Directors in its discretion may submit for
approval, ratification or confirmation by the stockholders at any meeting
thereof any contract, transaction or act of the Board or of any officer, agent
or employee of the corporation, and any such contract, transaction or act which
shall have been so approved, ratified or confirmed by the holders of a majority
of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote shall be as valid and
binding upon the corporation and upon the stockholders thereof as though it had
been approved and ratified by each and every stockholder of the corporation.

         6.      The corporation may indemnify or insure or both indemnify and
insure any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation or, at its request, of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, to the full extent provided or permitted by
its by-laws, as from time to time mended, and to the full extent to which those
indemnified may now or hereafter be entitled under any law. agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

         7.      No director of this Corporation shall have personal liability
to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director.  The foregoing provision shall not eliminate
or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty
of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of the law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware or (iv) for any transaction from which the director
derived an improper personal benefit.

         8.      In the event that the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware is amended after approval of this Article by the stockholders so as to
authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of
directors, the liability of a director of this Corporation shall thereupon be
eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended from time to time.  The
provisions of this Article shall not be deemed to limit or preclude
indemnification of a director by the Corporation for any liability of a
director which has not been eliminated by the provisions of this Article.
<PAGE>   7
         9.      Nothing contained in this Certificate of Incorporation shall
be deemed to restrict the power of the directors or members of any committee to
take any action, required or permitted to be taken by them, without a meeting,
in accordance with applicable provisions of law.

         TENTH:  No stockholder shall have any pre-emptive or preferential
right to subscribe for or purchase any shares of any class of stock of the
corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized and whether unissued or in the
treasury, or any obligations or securities convertible into or carrying options
or warrants to purchase shares of any class of stock of the corporation, at any
time issued or sold, whether for cash or other consideration, or any right to
subscribe to or purchase any thereof.

         ELEVENTH:  Each stockholder shall at every meeting of the
stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of
the capital stock held by such stockholder, and at any election of directors
every stockholder may cumulate his votes and give one candidate a number of
votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number
of votes to which his shares are entitled or distribute his votes on the same
principle among as many candidates as he thinks fit.

         TWELFTH:  The corporation reserves the right to amend, alter,
change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation
or any amendment hereof in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law, and
all rights of the stockholders are subject to this reservation.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have made, signed and sealed this Certificate
of Incorporation this 18th day of March, 1959.

                               M. P. GORSUCH                            (L.S.)
                               -----------------------------------------      
     
                               M. R. HALL                               (L.S.)
                               -----------------------------------------      
     
                               E. E. BOYLES                             (L.S.)
                               -----------------------------------------      
<PAGE>   8
                                    BY-LAWS

                                       OF

                          WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                   ARTICLE I

                                    OFFICES

         The corporation may have offices and places of business, and the books
and records of the corporation may be kept (except as otherwise provided by
law), either within or without the State of Delaware.


                                   ARTICLE II

                            MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

         SECTION 1.  PLACE OF MEETINGS. -- The annual meeting of stockholders
shall be held in Pasadena, California, at the place therein determined by the
directors and set forth in the notice thereof, but other meetings of the
stockholders may be held at such place or places (within or without the State
of Delaware) as shall be fixed by the directors and stated in the notice of the
meeting.

         SECTION 2.  ANNUAL ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. -- The annual meeting of
stockholders for the election of directors and the transaction of other
business shall be held, commencing in 1995, on the third Wednesday of May, at
4:00 p.m., Pacific Time. (By amendment 12-14-94)

         If this date shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting shall be
held on the next succeeding business day.  At each annual meeting the
stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and they may
transact such other corporate business as may be properly brought before the
meeting.

         No change of the time or place of a meeting for the election of
directors, as fixed by the by-laws. shall be made within sixty days next before
the day on which such election is to be held.  In case of any change in such
time or place for such election of directors, notice thereof shall be given to
each stockholder entitled to vote, in person, or by letter mailed to his last
known post office address, twenty days before the election is held.

         SECTION 3.  VOTING. -- Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance
with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and in accordance with the
provisions of these by-laws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by
proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held
<PAGE>   9
by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted after one year from its date.
(By Amendment 3-19-63).  After the first election of directors, except where
the transfer books of the corporation shall have been closed or a date shall
have been fixed as the record date for the determination of its stockholders
entitled to vote, no share of stock shall be voted on at any election for
directors which shall have been transferred on the books of the corporation
within twenty days next preceding such election.  Upon the demand of any
stockholder, the vote for directors and the vote upon any question before the
meeting, shall be by ballot.  Every stockholder entitled to vote in any
election for directors of this corporation may cumulate his votes and give one
candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected
multiplied by the number of votes to which his shares are entitled, or
distribute his votes on the same principle among as many candidates as he
thinks fit.  The candidates for directors receiving the highest number of votes
up to the number of directors to be elected are elected.  On all questions
other than the questions of election of directors a majority vote shall decide
the question except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation
or the laws of the state of Delaware.

         The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation
shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every election of directors, a
complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said election arranged in
alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number
of shares registered in the name of each stockholder.  Such list shall be open
to examination of any stockholder during ordinary business hours, for a period
of at least ten days prior to the election, either at a place within the city,
town or village where the election is to be held, which place shall be
specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place
where said meeting is to be held, and the list shall be produced and kept at
the time and place of election during the whole time thereof, and subject to
the inspection of any stockholder who may be present.

         SECTION 4.  QUORUM. -- Except as otherwise required by law, by the
Certificate of Incorporation or by these by-laws, the presence, in person or by
proxy, of stockholders holding a majority of the stock of the corporation
entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders.
In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of
the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall
have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than
announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled to
vote shall be present.  At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite
amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as
originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments
thereof.
<PAGE>   10
        SECTION 5.  SPECIAL MEETINGS. -- Special meetings of the stockholders
for any purpose or purposes may be called by the President. and shall be called
upon a requisition in writing therefor, stating the purpose or purposes
thereof, delivered to the President or Secretary, signed by a majority of the
directors or by a majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the
corporation entitled to vote, or by resolution of the directors.

        SECTION 6.  NOTICE OF MEETINGS. -- Written or printed notice stating the
place and time of the meeting shall be given by the Secretary to each
stockholder entitled to vote thereat, at his post office address as appearing
on the books of the corporation, at least ten days before the meeting in the
case of annual meetings, and five days before the meeting in the case of a
special meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the notice shall also
state the general nature of the business to be considered at said special
meeting.

        SECTION 7.  ACTION TO BE TAKEN AT MEETING. -- In the case of special
meetings no business shall be transacted thereat except that business which is
referred to in the notice of meeting without the unanimous consent of all the
stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

        SECTION 8.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. -- Any action required to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be
taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken
without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in
writing, setting forth the action so taken. shall be signed by the holders of
outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would
be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares
entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.  Prompt notice of the taking
of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written
consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.
(By amendment 1-18-77)

                                 ARTICLE III

                                  DIRECTORS

        SECTION 1.  NUMBER AND TERM. -- The number of directors shall be seven.
(By Amendment 2-25-93)  The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of
the stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his
successor shall be elected and shall qualify.  Directors need not be
stockholders.

        SECTION 2.  RESIGNATIONS. -- Any director, member of a committee or
other officer may resign at any time.  Such resignation shall be made in
writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be
specified, at the time of its receipt by the President or Secretary.  The
acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
<PAGE>   11
        SECTION 3.  VACANCIES. -- If the office of any director, member of a
committee or other officer becomes vacant the remaining directors in office, by
a majority vote, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy, who
shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his successor shall be duly
chosen.

        SECTION 4.  REMOVAL. -- Any director or directors may be removed either
for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of all the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote, at a
special meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose.

        SECTION 5.  INCREASE OF NUMBER. -- The number of directors may be
increased by amendment of these by-laws by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors, though less than a quorum, or, by the affirmative vote of a
majority in interest of the stockholders, at the annual meeting or at a special
meeting called for that purpose, and by like vote the additional directors may
be chosen at such meeting to hold office until the next annual election and
until their successors are elected and qualify.

        SECTION 6.  POWERS. -- The Board of Directors shall exercise all of the
powers of the corporation except such as are by law, or by the Certificate of
Incorporation of the corporation, or by these by-laws conferred upon or
reserved to the stockholders.

        SECTION 7.  COMMITTEES. -- The Board of Directors may by resolution or
resolutions, passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more
committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the
corporation, which, to the extent provided in said resolution or resolutions or
in these by-laws, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of
Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and
may have power to authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all
papers which may require it.  Such committee or committees shall have such name
or names as may be stated in these by-laws or as may be determined from time to
time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors.  The committees shall
keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the board when
required.

        SECTION 8.  MEETINGS. -- The newly elected directors shall hold their
first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business,
if a quorum be present, immediately after the annual meeting of the
stockholders; or the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent in
writing of all the directors.

        The Board of Directors of the corporation may hold their meetings, both
regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.

        Regular meetings of the directors may be held without notice at such
places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the
directors.
<PAGE>   12
        Special meetings of the board may be called by the President or by the
Secretary on written request of any two directors on at least two days' notice,
either personally or by mail or telegram, cable or radiogram, to each director
and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the
directors, or as shall be stated in the call of the meeting.

        SECTION 9.  QUORUM. -- A majority of the directors shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business.  If at any meeting of the board there
shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn
the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further notice
thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be
so adjourned.

        SECTION 10.  COMPENSATION. -- Directors may be paid for their expenses,
if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors, and may be
paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a
stated salary as a director.  No such payments shall preclude any director from
serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation
therefor.  Members of special and standing committees may be allowed like
compensation for attending committee meetings.

        SECTION 11.  ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. -- Unless otherwise restricted by
the Certificate of Incorporation or these by-laws any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof may be taken without a meeting if, prior to such action, a written
consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board or of such committee, as
the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the
proceeding of the Board of Directors or of the committee.

                                  ARTICLE IV

                                   OFFICERS

        SECTION 1.  OFFICERS. -- The officers of the corporation shall be a
President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, and a Secretary, and such
Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries as the Board of Directors may
deem proper.  In addition, the Board of Directors may elect a Chairman and Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors.  (By amendment 12-21-89)  All of such
officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors.  None of the officers,
except the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and the
President, need be directors.  (By amendment 12-21-89)  The officers shall be
elected at the first meeting of the Board of Directors after each annual
meeting.  Any two offices, other than those of President and Vice President,
may be held by the same person.  More than two offices, other than those of
President and Secretary, may be held by the same person.  The officers of the
corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualified.
Any officer elected or appointed by the Board may be removed at any time by an
affirmative vote of the majority of the Board.  Any vacancy occurring in any
office of the corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors.
<PAGE>   13
        SECTION 2.  OTHER OFFICERS AND AGENTS. -- The Board of Directors may
appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold
their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such
duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

        SECTION 3.  CHAIRMAN AND VICE CHAIRMAN.  (By Amendment 12-21-89) -- The
Chairman of the Board of Directors, if one be elected, shall preside at all
meetings of the Board of Directors and Stockholders and he shall have and
perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the
Board of Directors or the Executive Committee.  The Vice Chairman shall preside
at all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the Stockholders at which the
Chairman is not present and shall have and perform such other duties as from
time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the Executive
Committee.  (By Amendment 12-21-89)

        SECTION 4.  PRESIDENT. -- The President shall be the chief executive
officer of the corporation and shall have the general powers and duties of
supervision and management usually vested in the office of President of a
corporation.  He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders if present
thereat, and in the absence or non-election of the Chairman of the Board of
Directors, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall have general
supervision, direction and control of the business of the corporation.  Except
as the Board of Directors shall authorize the execution thereof in some other
manner, he shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts in behalf of the
corporation, and shall cause the seal to be affixed to any instrument requiring
it and when so affixed, the seal shall be attested by the signature of the
Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer.

        SECTION 5.  VICE PRESIDENT. -- Each Vice President shall have such
powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the
Directors.

        SECTION 6.  TREASURER. -- The Treasurer shall have the custody of the
corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of
receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation.  He shall
deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the
corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of
Directors.

        The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be
ordered by the Board of Directors, or the President, taking proper vouchers for
such disbursements.  He shall render to the President and Board of Directors at
the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request
it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial
condition of the corporation.  If required by the Board of Directors, he shall
give the corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such
amount and with such surety as the board shall prescribe.

        SECTION 7.  SECRETARY. -- The Secretary shall give, or cause to be
given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and directors, and all other
notices required by law or by these by-laws, and in case of his absence or
refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person
thereunto directed by the President, or by the directors, or stockholders, upon
whose requisition the meeting is called as provided in these by-laws.  He shall
record all the proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the
directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform such
<PAGE>   14
other duties as may be assigned to him by the directors or the President.  He
shall have the custody of the seal of the corporation and shall affix the same
to all instruments requiring it, when authorized by the directors or the
President, and attest the same.

        SECTION 8.  ASSISTANT TREASURERS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES. --
Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and
shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to
them, respectively, by the directors.

        SECTION 9.  COMPENSATION. -- Compensation of officers, agents or
employees shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors or by such
committee or committees, or person or persons, if any, to whom such power shall
have been delegated by the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE V

                                MISCELLANEOUS

        SECTION 1.  CERTIFICATES OF STOCK. -- Certificates of stock, numbered
and with the seal of the corporation affixed, signed by the President or Vice
President, and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary, shall be issued to each stockholder certifying the number
of shares owned by him in the corporation.  When such certificates are signed
by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent or by a transfer clerk
acting on behalf of the corporation and a registrar, the signatures of such
officers may be facsimiles.

        In case any officer or officers who have signed, or whose facsimile
signature or signatures have been used on, any such certificate or
certificates, shall cease to be such officer or officers of this corporation,
whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before said certificate or
certificates have been delivered by this corporation, such certificate or
certificates may nevertheless be adopted by this corporation and be issued and
delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or
certificates, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used
thereon, had not ceased to be such officer or officers of this corporation.

        SECTION 2.  LOST CERTIFICATES. -- A new certificate of stock may be
issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the corporation,
alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the directors may, in their
discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his
legal representatives, to give the corporation a bond, in such sum as they may
direct, not exceeding double the value of the stock, to indemnify the
corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the
alleged loss of any such certificate, or the issuance of any such new
certificate.
<PAGE>   15
         SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES. -- The shares of stock of the
corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in
person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon
such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the corporation by
the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books
and ledgers, or to such other person as the directors may designate, by whom
they shall be cancelled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued.  A
record shall be made of each transfer and a duplicate thereof mailed to the
Delaware office, and whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral security,
and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer.

         SECTION 4. CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS. -- The Board of Directors shall
have power to close the stock transfer books of the corporation for a period
not exceeding sixty days (By Amendment 1-18-77) preceding the date of any
meeting of stockholders or date for payment of any dividend or the date for the
allotment of rights or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of
capital stock shall go into effect, or for a period of not exceeding sixty days
(By Amendment 1-18-77) in connection with obtaining the consent of stockholders
for any purpose.  Provided, however, that in lieu of closing the stock transfer
books as aforesaid, the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date, not
exceeding sixty days (By Amendment 1-18-77) preceding the date of any meeting
of stockholders or the date for the payment of any dividend or the date for the
allotment of rights or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of
capital stock shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining such
consent, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or
entitled to receive payment of any such dividends or to any such allotment of
rights or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion or
exchange of capital stock, or to give such consent, and in such case such
stockholders only as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall
be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at, such meeting and any adjournment
thereof, or to receive payment of such dividend or to receive such allotment of
rights or to exercise such rights or give such consent, as the case may be,
notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the corporation after
any such record date fixed as aforesaid.

         SECTION 5. DIVIDENDS. -- Subject to the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may, out of funds legally available
therefor at any regular or special meeting, declare dividends upon the capital
stock of the corporation as and when they deem expedient.  Before declaring any
dividend there may be set apart out of any funds of the corporation available
for dividends, such sum or sums as the directors from time to time in their
discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund to meet
contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such other purposes as the
directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the corporation.

         SECTION 6. SEAL. -- The corporate seal shall be circular in form and
shall contain the name of the corporation, the year of its creation and the
words, "CORPORATE SEAL DELAWARE".  Said seal may be used by causing it or a
facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
<PAGE>   16
         SECTION 7. CHECKS. -- All checks, drafts or other orders for the
payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name
of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents
of the corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time
by resolution of the Board of Directors.

         SECTION 8. ADDRESSES OF STOCKHOLDERS. -- It shall be the duty of every
stockholder to notify the corporation of his post office address and of any
change therein.  The latest address furnished by each stockholder shall be
entered on the original stock ledger of the corporation and the latest address
appearing thereon shall be deemed conclusively to be the post office address
and the last-known post office address of such stockholder.  If any stockholder
shall fail to notify the corporation of his post office address, it shall be
sufficient to send corporate notices to such stockholder at the address, if
any, understood by the Secretary to be his post office address, or in the
absence of such address, to such stockholder at the General Post Office in the
city, town or place in the State of Delaware where the principal office of the
corporation is located.

         SECTION 9. NOTICES AND WAIVERS THEREOF. -- Whenever any notice
whatever is required by these by-laws or by the Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended, or by any law to be given to any stockholder, director or officer,
such notice, except as otherwise provided by law, may be given personally or be
given by telegram, cable or radiogram, addressed to such stockholder at the
address set forth as provided in Section 8 of Article V, or to such director or
officer at his place of business with the corporation, if any, or at such
address as appears on the books of the corporation, or the notice may be given
in writing by mail, in a sealed wrapper, postage prepaid, addressed to such
stockholder at the address set forth in Section 8 of Article V, or to such
director or officer at his place of business with the corporation, if any, or
such address as appears on the books of the corporation; and any notice given
by telegram, cable or radiogram shall be deemed to have been given when it
shall have been deposited in a post office, in a regularly maintained letter
box or with a postal carrier.  A waiver of any such notice in writing, signed
by the person entitled to such notice or, in the case of a stockholder, by his
duly authorized attorney, whether before or after the time of the action for
which such notice is required, shall be deemed the equivalent thereof; and the
presence at any meeting of any person entitled to notice thereof or, in the
case of a stockholder, his duly authorized attorney, shall be deemed a waiver
of such notice as to such person.

         SECTION 10.  VOTING UPON STOCKS. -- The Board of Directors (whose
authorization in this connection shall be necessary in all cases) may from time
to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the corporation,
or may at any time or from time to time authorize the President, any Vice
President, the Treasurer or the Secretary to appoint an attorney or attorneys
or agent or agents of the corporation, in the name and on behalf of the
corporation to cast the votes which the corporation may be entitled to cast as
a stockholder or otherwise in any other corporation or association,
<PAGE>   17
any of the stock or securities of which may be held by the corporation, and to
cumulate the voting in elections for directors, at meetings of the holders of
the stock or other securities of such other corporation or association, or to
consent in writing to any action by any such other corporation or association
and the person or persons so appointed may be instructed as to the manner of
casting such votes or giving such consent, and may be authorized to execute and
deliver, on behalf of the corporation and under its corporate seal, or
otherwise, such written proxies, consents, waivers or other instruments as may
be deemed necessary or proper in the premises.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   AMENDMENTS

         These by-laws may be altered or repealed and by-laws may be made at
any annual meeting of the stockholders or at any special meeting thereof if
notice of the proposed alteration or repeal or by-law or by-laws to be made be
contained in the notice of such special meeting, by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, or
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, at any regular
meeting of the Board of Directors, or at any special meeting of the Board of
Directors, if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal, or by-law or by-laws
to be made, be contained in the Notice of such Special Meeting.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                 ANNUAL REPORT

         An Annual Report will be sent to the stockholders not later than 90
days after the close of the fiscal or calendar year, whichever year is adopted
by the corporation. (BY AMENDMENT 3-19-63)
<PAGE>   18
                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                INDEMNIFICATION

         SECTION 1. RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION. -- Each person who was or is a
party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit
or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person
of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer
of the corporation, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in
an official capacity or in any other capacity while serving as a director or
officer, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the
fullest extent permitted by the laws of Delaware, as the same exist or may
hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the
extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights than said law permitted the corporation to provide prior
to such amendment), against all costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and
losses (including attorney's fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or
penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or
suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall
inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators;
provided however, that except for any proceeding seeking to enforce or obtain
payment under any right to indemnification by the corporation, the corporation
shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if the corporation
has joined in or consented to the initiation of such proceeding (or part
thereof).  The corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors, either on
a general basis or as designated by the board of directors, provide
indemnification to employees and agents of the corporation, or to any person
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,employee or
agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, and with
the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and
officers.  Notwithstanding anything in this Article VIII to the contrary, no
person shall be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article VIII on
account of any suit in which judgment is rendered against such person for an
accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale by such person of
securities of the corporation pursuant to the provisions of Section 16(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

         SECTION 2. NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF RIGHTS.  The right to indemnification
and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of
its final disposition conferred in this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of
any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any
statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.  Each person who is or
becomes a director or officer of the corporation, or, if designated for
indemnification by the Board of Directors, serves as an employee or agent of
the corporation or serves at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee
benefit plans, shall be deemed to have served or to have continued to serve in
such capacity in reliance upon the indemnity provided in this Article VIII.
<PAGE>   19
         SECTION 3. INSURANCE.  The corporation may maintain insurance, at its
expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the
corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

         SECTION 4. EXPENSES AS A WITNESS.  To the extent that any director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation is by reason of such position, or
a position with another entity at the request of the corporation, a witness in
any action, suit or proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified against all
costs and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or
her behalf in connection therewith.

         SECTION 5. INDEMNITY AGREEMENTS.  The corporation may enter into
indemnity agreements with the persons who are members of its board of directors
from time to time, and with such officers, employees and agents of the
corporation and with such officers, directors, employees and agents of
subsidiaries as the board may designate, such indemnity agreements to provide
in substance that the corporation will indemnify such persons as contemplated
by this Article VIII, and to include any other substantive or procedural
provisions regarding indemnification as are not inconsistent with the General
Corporation Law of Delaware.  The provisions of such indemnity agreements shall
prevail to the extent that they limit or condition or differ from the
provisions of this Article VIII.

         SECTION 6. DEFINITION OF CORPORATION.  For purposes of this Article
VIII reference to "the corporation" includes all constituent corporations
absorbed in a consolidation or merger as well as the resulting or surviving
corporation so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such a
constituent corporation shall stand in the same position under the provisions
of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as
he would if he had served the resulting or surviving corporation in the same
capacity.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EX-22 - SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                        Exhibit 22 to Form 10-K
                                                    Wesco Financial Corporation
                                                                 For Year Ended
                                                              December 31, 1994


                         WESCO FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                 SUBSIDIARIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Percentage
                                               Owned by           State of
Name of Subsidiary                            Registrant        Incorporation
------------------                            ----------        -------------
<S>                                              <C>              <C>
Wesco Holdings Midwest, Inc.                     100%             Nebraska
  Precision Steel Warehouse, Inc.                100%             Illinois
    Precision Steel Warehouse, Inc.,
      Charlotte Service Center                   100%             Delaware
    Precision Brand Products                     100%             Delaware
  Wesco-Financial Insurance Company              100%             Nebraska

MS Property Company                              100%             California
  Montecito Sea Meadow Homeowners'
    Association, Inc.                             68.8%           California
  Montecito Sea Meadow Mutual
    Water Company, Inc.                           68.8%           California


</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EX-27 - FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                          15,800
<SECURITIES>                                   879,350
<RECEIVABLES>                                   12,468
<ALLOWANCES>                                      (83)
<INVENTORY>                                      8,692
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                     0
<PP&E>                                          29,117
<DEPRECIATION>                                (14,838)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 961,761
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                0
<BONDS>                                         37,557
<COMMON>                                         7,120
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     671,027
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   961,761
<SALES>                                         62,143
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                95,458
<CGS>                                           49,459
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   48,888
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                10,713
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 3,000
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               3,092
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 20,765
<INCOME-TAX>                                   (1,793)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             18,972
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    18,972
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.66
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.66
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
