-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VcoHDXzBd1W+RVNf83ikPjf4icFjK5tlbyC/6b9xRy3cq0FXJnEwRGUGbz8kB2hQ
 Olq3C71krNPe14i0Gab1pw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-96-000301.txt : 19960131
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-96-000301.hdr.sgml : 19960131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-96-000301
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960130
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101788
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				132518270
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09776
		FILM NUMBER:		96508887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 GLOVER AVE
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06856
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2038451000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		150 GLOVER AVENUE
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06856

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AUTO SUTURE SURGICAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700507
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>U.S. SURGICAL CORPORATION - FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

/X/             ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 OR

                                       OR

/  /          TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

      FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________________ TO ______________

                           COMMISSION FILE NO. 1-9776

                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                  DELAWARE                                   13-2518270
      (State or other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)                    Identification No.)

                  150 GLOVER AVENUE, NORWALK, CONNECTICUT 06856
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

                                 (203) 845-1000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                        NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                          WHICH REGISTERED
- -------------------                                     ------------------------
Common Stock, $.10 par value                             New York Stock Exchange

Depositary Shares, representing
one-fiftieth interests in Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock,
$5 par value                                             New York Stock Exchange

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                      None.

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  X    NO
                                              ----     ----

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant (based on the closing sales price for Common Stock of $21.375 and
for Depositary Shares of $25.25 on December 31, 1995 and, for purposes of this
computation only, the assumption that all directors and officers of the
registrant are affiliates) was approximately $1.2 billion.

     The number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, $.10 par value, of the
registrant was 57,165,938 shares on December 31, 1995.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:
                   Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement
          for the 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Registrant
        Incorporated By Reference Into Part III, Items 10, 11, 12 and 13
<PAGE>   2
                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995

                                      INDEX





                                     PART I

ITEM                                                                        PAGE
- ----                                                                        ----
  1.     Business ........................................................     1
  2.     Properties ......................................................    13
  3.     Legal Proceedings ...............................................    14
  4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders .............    16
         Executive Officers of the Registrant ............................    17


                                     PART II

  5.     Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related
           Stockholder Matters............................................    19
  6.     Selected Financial Data..........................................    20
  7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
           and Results of Operations......................................    21
  8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data......................    26
  9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
           Financial Disclosure...........................................    27


                                    PART III

10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...............    28
11.      Executive Compensation...........................................    28
12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
           Management.....................................................    28
13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...................    28


                                     PART IV

14.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports
           on Form 8-K....................................................    28
         Signatures.......................................................    31
         Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
           and Financial Statement Schedule...............................   F-1
<PAGE>   3
                                     PART I


ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.

NATURE OF BUSINESS

       United States Surgical Corporation (the Company) is a Delaware
corporation primarily engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing a
proprietary line of technologically advanced surgical wound management products
to hospitals throughout the world. The Company currently operates domestically
and internationally through subsidiaries, divisions and distributors. Except
where the context otherwise requires, the term Company includes the Company's
divisions and subsidiaries.

       The market that the Company services continues to be adversely affected
by cost consciousness on the part of health care providers and payors and to
experience slower growth rates created by efforts to reduce costs and by
uncertainties connected with health care reform. The Company believes, however,
that in any scenario that results from evolution of the domestic health care
system, its products offer a significant opportunity for reducing costs for the
total health care system while providing considerable advantages for the
patient. The Company has also been impacted negatively by aggressive pricing by
competition.

       To respond to these business conditions, the Company has expanded its
marketing efforts to meet the needs of hospital management through cost
effective pricing programs, by assisting hospitals in implementing more
efficient surgical practices, and by demonstrating the favorable economics
associated with the use of the Company's products. The Company continually
expands its product and technology base through investment in internal research
and development and through the acquisition of new products and technologies
that provide better patient care and an effective means of reducing hospital
costs. By offering technologically advanced products which can replace more
expensive, more invasive procedures and by assisting hospital management in
implementing more efficient surgical practices, the Company seeks to establish
and maintain a strong competitive position.

       The Company is a leading multinational developer, manufacturer and
marketer of innovative surgical wound closure products. In this category,
principal products consist of a series of surgical stapling instruments (both
disposable and reusable), disposable surgical clip appliers and disposable
loading units (DLUs) for use with stapling instruments. The instruments are an
alternative to manual suturing techniques utilizing needle/suture combinations
and enable surgeons to reduce blood loss, tissue trauma and operating time while
joining internal tissue, reconstructing or sealing off organs, removing diseased
tissue, occluding blood vessels and closing skin, either with titanium,
stainless steel, or proprietary absorbable copolymer staples or with titanium,
stainless steel, or proprietary absorbable copolymer clips. Surgical stapling
also makes possible several surgical procedures which cannot be achieved with
surgical needles and suturing materials. The disposable instruments and DLUs are
expended after a single use or, in the case of reloadable disposable
instruments, after a single surgical procedure.

_______________

Trademarks of United States Surgical Corporation are in italicized capital
letters.



                                        1
<PAGE>   4
       The Company is a leading manufacturer and marketer of specialized wound
management products designed for use in the field of minimally invasive surgery.
This surgical technique (also referred to as laparoscopic or endoscopic surgery)
requires incisions of up to one half inch through which various procedures are
performed using laparoscopic instruments and optical devices, known as
laparoscopes or endoscopes, for viewing inside the body cavity. Laparoscopy
generally provides patients with significant reductions in post-operative
hospital stay, pain, recuperative time and hospital costs, with improved
cosmetic results, and with the ability to return to work and normal life in a
shorter time frame. The Company has developed and markets disposable surgical
clip appliers and stapling instruments designed for laparoscopic uses in a
variety of sizes and configurations. The Company's products in this area also
include trocars, which provide entry ports to the body in laparoscopic surgery,
and a line of instruments which allows the surgeon to see, cut, clamp, retract,
suction, irrigate or otherwise manipulate tissue during a laparoscopic
procedure. The Company also designs and markets laparoscopes. Applications for
minimally invasive surgery currently include cholecystectomy (gall bladder
removal), hysterectomy, hernia repair, bladder suspension for urinary stress
incontinence, anti-reflux procedures for correction of heartburn, and various
forms of bowel, stomach, gynecologic, urologic, and thoracic (chest) surgery.
The Company believes that laparoscopy can also be used effectively in many other
surgical procedures.

       The Company offers certain of its products in both disposable and
reusable versions. Disposable instruments reduce the user's capital investment,
eliminate the risks and costs associated with maintenance, sterilizing and
repair of reusable instruments, and provide the surgeon with a new sterile
instrument for each procedure, offering more efficacious and safer practice for
both patients and operating room personnel. Reusable instruments provide an
alternative for surgeons and hospitals preferring this approach.

       The Company continues to expand manufacturing and marketing of its line
of suture products. The Company believes that sutures, which represent a major
portion of the wound closure market, are a natural complement to its other wound
management products. This market is currently dominated by other manufacturers.
However, the Company expects continuing growth in its share of the suture
portion of the market as a result of its sales efforts and by offering
technologically advanced suture products. There can be no assurance that growth
in suture sales will be realized, given competition and possible reluctance of
some surgeons to use sutures which have different handling characteristics, even
if they offer clinical advantages.

       The Company has taken steps to diversify beyond the general surgery
market and explore new growth areas in surgery where it can utilize its
manufacturing expertise, research and development experience and the skills of
its sales force. To this end, the Company is building a line of surgical
specialty instrumentation and technology for cardiovascular, oncological,
urological and orthopedic procedures. The Company believes that minimally
invasive instrumentation and more advanced techniques can be applied to these
specialty practices. The Company plans to obtain such technologies through
internal research and development and by acquiring, investing in, or creating
alliances with, other firms or persons who have developed such technology.
Although the Company believes that these areas of surgical practice offer
significant opportunities for revenue growth and profitability, considerable
risks may be involved and there can be no assurance that favorable results will
be achieved. Costs of acquiring or developing instruments for use in specialty
applications may be significant, which could adversely affect both near term and
longer term results if successful products are not developed and introduced. In
addition, considerable competition exists for products used in these surgical
specialties, including competitors developing other techniques and from sources
of more traditional products. Further, acceptance of newer techniques, even with
demonstrated clinical advantages, may be slow given concerns as to expenditures
for newer practices by health care payors and requirements for extensive
training with newer approaches. The Company believes that, despite the
uncertainties inherent in development of new technologies, the patient and the
health care market will be served better by the introduction of more efficacious
and less traumatic procedures across the operating room environment.




                                        2
<PAGE>   5
PRODUCT CONTRIBUTION

       The Company's current products constitute a single business segment.
Surgical wound management products accounted for substantially all of the
Company's net sales and profits in each of the years ended December 31, 1995,
1994 and 1993.

AUTO SUTURE Stapling Products and Clip Appliers

       AUTO SUTURE stapling products consist of disposable single-use, and
disposable instruments and reusable stainless steel instruments that utilize and
can be reloaded with disposable loading units (DLUs) containing surgical
staples. The staples are made of titanium, stainless steel, or a proprietary
absorbable copolymer. The Company markets both disposable instruments and
reusable stainless steel instruments in a variety of sizes and configurations
for use in various surgical applications. Although the Company predominately
markets disposable staplers, the availability of both reusable and disposable
staplers gives surgeons the opportunity of using either in accordance with their
preference. The Company's stapling instruments have application in abdominal,
thoracic, gynecologic, obstetric, urologic and other fields of surgery. Common
uses of AUTO SUTURE staplers include closure and resection (the removal of
tissue or organs), stapling and transection of tissue, anastomosis (the surgical
joining of hollow structures, as in organ reanastomosis), vessel occlusion,
biopsies, skin and fascia closure and Cesarean section deliveries.

       The Company's PREMIUM PLUS CEEA, an improved version of its instrument
designed for circular anastomoses, reached the market in early 1995. The
instrument provides ease of insertion and removal from the lumen in bowel
resections, while retaining the advantage of superior anastomotic security.

       AUTO SUTURE clip applier instruments individually apply a sequence of
titanium, stainless steel, or absorbable clips for ligation of blood vessels and
other tubular body structures. They are offered in a variety of clip sizes for
use in a broad range of surgical procedures. Clip appliers marketed by the
Company are disposable instruments which provide the surgeon with a new,
sterilized instrument for each procedure. The Company's LDS disposable staplers
simultaneously ligate and divide tubular body structures.

       The materials used in the Company's absorbable staples and clips are
proprietary copolymers developed and manufactured by the Company. The copolymers
are radio transparent, facilitate postoperative diagnosis without X-ray or CAT
scan interference, maintain significant strength during the critical
postoperative period, and are totally absorbed during subsequent months.

       The Company believes that, where applicable, AUTO SUTURE staplers and
clip appliers provide benefits to surgeons, patients and hospitals that are
superior to manual suturing methods. Depending on the type of operation and
instruments used, these benefits may include: shorter operating time resulting
in less time under anesthesia; reduction in blood loss; reduction in tissue
handling, which can result in reduced tissue trauma and edema; lowering of the
incidence of postoperative infection; enhanced cosmetic results; and faster
healing. These benefits reduce the overall medical cost of the operation by
significantly reducing operating room time, postoperative care and
anesthesiology services. The Company believes these benefits are advantageous to
the total health care system.

AUTO SUTURE Products for Minimally Invasive Surgery

       The Company provides a full line of products to serve the needs of the
surgical community in performing minimally invasive surgery, including a number
of proprietary products not offered by any other company.




                                        3
<PAGE>   6
       The Company markets a line of disposable trocars. The initial application
of a trocar results in a sharp obturator tip or a cutting instrument within the
trocar making a small opening in the abdominal wall or chest cavity. The
obturator or cutting instrument is then removed, leaving the trocar sleeve in
place to serve as an access tube through which a laparoscope and other surgical
instruments may be inserted. Each disposable trocar is used in a single surgical
procedure, assuring a sharp obturator point or cutting instrument for each
application and eliminating the expense and risks of resharpening and
resterilizing associated with reusable trocars. The Company's trocars are
available in a wide range of sizes, some of which are offered with radiolucent
sleeves to permit unobstructed X-rays.

       In late 1994, the Company introduced the VERSAPORT trocar. This trocar
features the unique VERSASEAL system, the first self-adjusting trocar seal which
accommodates 5mm to 12mm instrument sizes without the need for a converter. The
VERSAPORT trocar reduces the costs, additional inventory, and operating room
time associated with the use of converters, and provides surgeons with a better
seal and reduced friction on instruments in laparoscopic procedures. During
1995, the Company introduced the VERSAPORT RPF trocar system, incorporating
modifications which significantly lower penetration force. The Company also
offers the VISIPORT trocar, which incorporates a viewing lens on the trocar tip
for direct visualization during penetration of the body cavity, and a blunt tip
trocar for use in open laparoscopy.

       The Company markets endoscopic clip appliers under the ENDO CLIP name,
which have application in a variety of surgical procedures and have gained
widespread acceptance for use in laparoscopic cholecystectomy, a procedure which
has become the standard technique for removal of the gallbladder, and in other
procedures. These products are designed to be applied through the Company's
proprietary trocars to ligate a variety of tissue structures and to perform
dissection.

        The Company markets a variety of instruments under the MULTIFIRE name
designed for endoscopic application, including staplers for endoscopic
procedures, which may be reloaded with new DLUs several times during a single
surgery. The Company's staplers are used in a variety of procedures, including
appendectomies, laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomies, and general,
gynecologic and thoracic procedures, and in bowel procedures such as colectomies
and interior resections.

       The Company offers various instruments for use in conjunction with its
line of trocars, including a variety of hand instruments designed especially for
use in minimally invasive surgery which fit through its trocars, as well as
advanced suction and irrigation devices.

       The Company introduced a number of new laparoscopic products during 1995,
with an emphasis on products which enhance clinical outcomes and offer the
opportunity for hospitals to realize cost savings. The MULTIFIRE ENDO GIA II
stapler offers the same range of size adjustment options which a hospital
previously could obtain only by stocking three different instruments, as well as
improved clinical efficacy. The Company also introduced a 5mm ENDO CLIP applier
which offers the surgeon the same ligating capability as the 10mm instrument
while reducing the size of the incision required for the procedure.

       The Company introduced the SURGIVIEW Multi-Use Laparoscope during 1995, a
repair free limited use reusable laparoscope providing excellent visual acuity.
The Company believes this product offers hospitals the potential for significant
cost savings. However, acceptance could be affected, particularly in the near
term, by hospitals' existing investment in reusable laparoscopes.




                                        4
<PAGE>   7
       In late 1994 the Company introduced the revolutionary ENDO STITCH
instrument and associated DLUs. This device allows the surgeon to suture and tie
knots laparoscopically by passing a proprietary needle, with different types of
the Company's proprietary suture material attached, between two jaws (located at
the end of an endoscopic shaft) quickly, accurately and easily in comparison
with manual endoscopic suturing techniques. Manual techniques are time consuming
and difficult to learn, and have inhibited conversion of certain procedures,
which require endoscopic suturing, to the laparoscopic method.

       During 1994, the Company entered a three year agreement with General
Surgical Innovation, Inc. ("GSI") to sell the GSI Spacemaker (tm) balloon
dissector for laparoscopic hernia procedures, combining the advantages of
laparoscopy with the accepted technique of extraperitoneal procedures. This
device may also be used in performing Burch bladder suspensions for relieving
urinary incontinence.

       Although the Company intends to continue improving and expanding its
product lines applicable to general surgery, it believes that laparoscopic and
other more advanced techniques may be applied to additional surgical
applications, including surgical specialties. During 1995, the Company announced
several new products and techniques for such purposes and continues research and
development toward these ends.

       The Company has developed specialized wound closure instrumentation for
use in vascular procedures, including its new VCS vascular clip applier, a
device which permits arteriotemies, venotemies, and vascular anastomoses without
penetration of the inner wall of the vessel. The Company is developing a new
minimally invasive technique for harvesting the saphenous vein from a patient's
leg in connection with cardiovascular surgery, requiring only a few small
incisions rather than an incision running the length of the patient's leg,
minimizing patient discomfort and scarring. The Company believes its products
may also be used for a variety of minimally invasive cardiovascular and
peripheral vascular surgeries, and is developing additional instruments for use
in such procedures. While the Company believes its products may be useful in
coronary surgery, surgeons practicing in this field have not traditionally
performed minimally invasive surgery or used disposable instruments extensively
and no assurance can be given as to the acceptance of such products or
techniques in this area.

       The Company is taking steps to offer miniaturized instruments for
minimally invasive surgery. During 1995, the Company acquired the licenses to
the MINISITE 2mm endoscope, trocar, and accessory products (including
miniaturized hand instruments), and is introducing miniaturized versions of its
current line of products. The Company believes that its miniaturized line of
instruments may have application in a wide variety of procedures, including
areas in which minimally invasive procedures are not presently applied, such as
trauma, diagnostic, and rehabilitative procedures, and may enable some
procedures to be performed under conscious sedation outside the traditional
operating room environment. In addition, the smaller instruments may allow
laparoscopic post-operative review after surgery without hospitalization or
general anesthesia, which the Company believes may also help reduce health care
costs and improve clinical outcomes.

       During 1995, the Company entered a strategic alliance with Lorad, a unit
of ThermoTrex Corporation, in which it obtained marketing and distribution
rights to the ABBI system, consisting of the ABBI system stereotactic table
which, together with the Company's ABBI system biopsy device (the device is
currently before the FDA for review) are planned to be used to perform core
needle and needle localization for advanced breast biopsy. The ABBI system
allows a one-step, minimally invasive process for breast biopsy, offering the
surgeon increased accuracy and control and the patient reduced scarring and
disfigurement, and may significantly reduce procedural and operating room costs.




                                        5
<PAGE>   8
       In the orthopedic field, the Company introduced the AUTO SUTURE
endoscopic spinal system in late 1995, consisting of a variety of instruments
manufactured by the Company for application in laparoscopic lumbar discectomy
and fusion, and in video assisted thoracic spine procedures. Although the
Company believes that spinal surgery offers the potential for new markets for
its endoscopic products, sales of these products may depend on acceptance of
laparoscopy by orthopedic surgeons and neurosurgeons. In addition, specialized
training in laparoscopic back surgery is required.

       Endoscopic products are offered individually, in pre-assembled kits and
in custom kits designed for specific surgical procedures such as
cholecystectomy, hernia repair, laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomy,
bowel and other procedures. Kits are intended to offer the surgeon and operating
room staff convenience and ease of accessibility to instruments, and provide a
cost efficient means of purchasing the Company's products for hospital materials
management departments.

SUTURE PRODUCTS

       Sutures comprise a major portion of the wound closure market. Since most
surgical procedures which use staples also require manual suturing, the Company
considers sutures to be a natural complement to its stapling instrumentation.
The Company is continuing its planned expansion into this mature but very large
market. The Company's product line includes both non-absorbable products and
absorbable suture products, SURGIPRO mesh fabrics designed for applications in
both open and endoscopic surgery such as hernia repair, and SURGALLOY needles.

       The Company believes that its sutures have significant technological
advantages over competitors' products. The Company's BIOSYN suture, introduced
in 1995, is the first synthetic, absorbable suture which combines the benefits
of a monofilament suture with many of the advantages of braided sutures, such as
tensile strength, ease of handling, and first throw hold capability. The Company
believes that its BIOSYN sutures will compete effectively with its competitors'
gut, absorbable braided and absorbable monofilament sutures, providing uses
across a wide variety of surgical applications. The Company believes that the
versatility of the BIOSYN suture will provide hospitals with a cost effective
method of standardization and increased efficacy. However, the success of the
BIOSYN suture will depend on a number of factors, including the surgical
community's acceptance of products which are different from products to which
they have become accustomed.

        The suture program also allows the Company to compete more effectively
for contracts with customers that prefer to purchase all of the hospital's wound
closure needs from a single vendor, particularly as individual hospitals, buying
groups and hospital alliances continue to consolidate their purchasing.

OTHER PRODUCTS

       During the year, the Company acquired a license with respect to the 
CHEMOSITE Infusion Ports business from Device Labs, Inc., a privately held 
manufacturer. An infusion port is a device implanted into a patient to provide
repeated access to the vascular system, such as for delivery of medications, 
blood products and nutrition fluids, or the withdrawal of blood samples. The
principal use today is for delivery of chemotherapeutic agents to cancer 
patients. Infusion ports have replaced external catheters to a large extent, 
and are commonly used by surgeons. Several companies offer competing products, 
with Bard Corporation holding an approximately 55% share of domestic sales of 
these products. The Company believes that its CHEMOSITE Infusion Ports will be 
competitive.




                                        6
<PAGE>   9
       The Company acquired Surgical Dynamics Inc. (SDI) of Concord, California,
a subsidiary of E-Z- EM, Inc. SDI is a leading developer and manufacturer of
spinal cages and other instrumentation for spine surgery. Spinal cages represent
a new technological advance in implantable spine devices. They provide a
supporting lattice for bone in-growth for patients with back injury or
degenerative disease with many advantages over present practices for repairing
the spine. SDI has completed a four-year clinical trial under FDA control and
submitted its PMA (pre-market approval) to the FDA. The Company believes that
the PMA is receiving expedited review by the FDA. SDI has received regulatory
approval for use of the device in Europe and Japan.

       The Company entered an alliance with Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. with
respect to worldwide marketing rights to market Alexion's transgenetically
engineered pig organs. The Company has certain options to fund Alexion's future
research and development and pay royalties on any resulting product sales.
Although the Company believes that Alexion's technology is highly promising,
substantial additional research and development and clinical trials, including
premarket approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, will be required
before any products could be introduced to the market, and no assurance can be
given that the products will be successful in human transplantation. Moreover, a
number of other companies are engaged in similar research, and such competition
could adversely impact the Company's opportunities in this area.

MARKETING AND SALES

       Domestically, the Company markets its products to surgeons and materials
managers of hospitals primarily through the sales employees of its Auto Suture
Company division. Outside the United States, the Company markets its products in
23 countries and in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico by direct sales employees of
16 sales and marketing subsidiaries, and through its authorized distributors in
60 other countries. In 5 additional countries the Company sells its products
directly to the user through the distributor sales department at its
headquarters.

       The Company maintains its own direct sales force employed by subsidiaries
operating in Algeria, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland,
France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Morocco, the Netherlands, New
Zealand, Norway, Poland, Puerto Rico, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Tunisia and the United Kingdom. The Company acquired certain assets of its
Japanese distributor during 1995 in order to begin marketing its products
directly in Japan.

       All sales employees of the Auto Suture Company, of the Company's
subsidiaries, and of the Company's authorized international distributors receive
identical training with respect to the Company's products, consisting of an
extensive training course that prepares them to provide surgeons and hospital
personnel with technical assistance, including scrubbing in surgery as technical
advisors in connection with the use of the Company's products. The training
courses are developed and conducted by the Company at its expense. The training
course includes an introduction to anatomy and physiology, the study of surgical
terminology, aseptic surgical techniques such as scrubbing, gowning, gloving and
operating room protocol and the use of the Company's instruments on artificial
foam organs for sales demonstrations and on anesthetized animals in the
laboratory for teaching purposes. The Company's training curriculum also
prepares sales personnel to assist hospital administrators in implementing
efficient surgical practices and in realizing the economic benefits afforded by
the Company's products.

       The Company demonstrates its products on artificial foam organs and
through the use of films, video cassettes, technical manuals and surgical
atlases.




                                       7
<PAGE>   10
       The Company also sells to domestic distributors under a program known as
Just-in-Time (JIT) distribution. Under the JIT program, the Company sells its
products to a distributor selected by a participating hospital and the
distributor sells the products to the hospital on an as needed basis. The
Company compensates the distributor for handling and other services. Distributor
sales are common in the medical products industry. The Company's JIT program
responds to customer needs, many of whom desire distributorship arrangements in
order to avoid costs associated with inventory management. The Company believes
that distribution arrangements also negate distributor incentives to promote
competing brands, allow the Company's technical sales force more time to support
user surgeons and hospital management, and provide the Company with
opportunities to enhance or protect its competitive position through an
additional channel of sales. Sales through the JIT program currently comprise
approximately 45% of the Company's domestic business.

       The Company is committed to the continuing education of the surgical
community by assisting a substantial number of medical schools, hospitals and
educational organizations in training residents, nurses, surgeons and
administrators in the techniques of wound management using AUTO SUTURE
instrumentation. With the increasing number of advanced surgical procedures
being performed using the minimally invasive approach, the Company also supports
proctorships and preceptorships where an experienced surgeon clinically assists
and teaches a surgeon in the operating room. Initially, the primary focus of the
training programs was on laparoscopic cholycestectomy. Widespread training has
been accomplished for that procedure, and the emphasis in future training will
be on more advanced applications of laparoscopy, including hernia, bowel, and
thoracic procedures, laparoscopically assisted vaginal hysterectomies,
laparoscopic bladder suspension, and procedures for the correction of esophageal
reflux. The Company believes that acceptance of laparoscopic techniques as the
preferred method in a broad range of procedures will be an important element of
the Company's future growth.

       Numerous studies have shown that, in addition to reduced patient recovery
time, laparoscopy is a safe and efficacious technique. However, and particularly
in more complex procedures, surgeons must receive adequate training before
achieving competency to perform laparoscopy. The Company supports certification
of surgeons in this technique to ensure that the Company's products are used
properly. The costs of training for newer, more complicated procedures and
concerns as to reimbursement for newer procedures in view of changes in the
health care system have affected the rate at which the surgical community is
learning the more advanced laparoscopic procedures. More advanced applications
of laparoscopy may become specialized rather than practiced broadly by the
general surgical community. In addition, specialty surgeons may not be
experienced in minimally invasive surgery and may require familiarization with
this approach prior to acceptance in their practices.

       The Company markets to hospital administrators and purchasing groups as
well as to surgeons, by demonstrating the economic efficiencies of the Company's
products and by assisting hospital management in realizing the benefits of
minimally invasive surgery. In 1995, the Company implemented its PARTNERING WITH
USSC program, which is designed to help hospital administrators reduce costs,
enhance quality and increase revenue. The program encompasses the Company's BEST
PRACTICES program, which assists hospitals in a continuous effort to perform
surgery more efficiently, enabling hospitals to analyze and reduce systemwide
costs, provides surgeon and staff training programs and development of clinical
guidelines for high-quality and efficient patient care through minimally
invasive surgery, and assistance with managed care contracting and customized
marketing materials. The Company also provides training programs for primary
care physicians in the use and advantages of minimally invasive surgery, as they
become the gatekeepers to managed care. These approaches are designed to assist
hospitals in remaining competitive in the current health care environment.




                                        8
<PAGE>   11
       International sales represented approximately 49% of the Company's net
sales in 1995, 46% of the Company's net sales in 1994, and 40% of the Company's
net sales in 1993. International sales included sales through international
subsidiaries, which were approximately 44% in 1995, 37% in 1994, and 33% in
1993, and sales to international distributors and to end users in countries not
otherwise serviced by the Company, which were approximately 5% in 1995, 9% in
1994, and 7% in 1993, of the Company's net sales. (See Note J of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information by geographical
area.)

       Orders for the Company's products are generally filled on a current
basis, and order backlog is not material to the Company's business.

MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY ASSURANCE

       Manufacturing is conducted principally at two facilities: North Haven,
Connecticut, and Ponce, Puerto Rico. Manufacturing includes major assembly and
packaging of products. The Company produces all material for its synthetic
absorbable staples, clips and sutures internally. Needles contained in certain
of the Company's suture products are produced at its facilities in North Haven,
Connecticut. Other needles and suture materials are supplied by several
manufacturers. The Company's reusable steel surgical staplers, components for
the products the Company manufactures, and a minor portion of the Company's DLUs
are supplied by several independent non-affiliated vendors using the Company's
proprietary designs.

       Raw materials necessary for the manufacture of parts and components and
packaging supplies for all of the Company's products that are manufactured by it
are readily available from numerous third-party suppliers.

       The Company considers quality assurance to be a significant aspect of its
business. It has a staff of professionals and technical employees who develop
and implement standards and procedures for quality control and quality
assurance. These standards and procedures cover detailed quality specifications
for parts, components, materials, products, packaging and labeling, testing of
all raw materials, in-process subassemblies and finished products, and
inspection of vendors' facilities and performance to assure compliance with the
Company's standards. The Company has obtained International Standards
Organization ("ISO") certification for its plants in Connecticut and Puerto
Rico.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

       The Company believes that research and development is an important factor
in its future growth. The Company engages in a continuing product research,
development and improvement program at its Norwalk and North Haven, Connecticut
facilities and through funding of research and development activities at major
universities and other third parties. It employs a staff of engineers,
designers, toolmakers and machinists that performs research and development as
well as manufacturing support functions. During 1995, 1994, and 1993, the
Company's research and development expenses, including suture-related research
and development expenses, were approximately $43,100,000, $37,500,000, and
$50,800,000, respectively. Within the past three years the Company has
introduced 31 new products that are the result of research and development
conducted by the Company. Approximately 60 % of 1995 sales revenues were
received from the sale of products introduced within the preceding five years.

       The Company focuses its research and development resources on products
and redesign of existing products which are best suited to customer needs in the
current cost conscious health care environment, including an aggressive program
of exploring new opportunities for advancement in the surgical field.




                                        9
<PAGE>   12
PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

       Patents are significant to the conduct of the Company's business. The
Company owns 166 new U.S. patents issued in 1995 (including patents purchased
through acquisitions of companies or technology), 117 such patents issued in
1994, and 58 such patents issued in 1993. Overall, the Company currently owns
over 400 unexpired U.S. utility and design patents covering products it has
developed or acquired and having expiration dates ranging from less than one
year to 17 years. No patents will expire in the near future which are material
to the Company's results of operations or financial position. Moreover, the 
Company has many additional U.S. patent applications pending. The Company's 
practice and experience is to develop or acquire rights or licenses to
innovative patented products and continuously update its existing technology. 
The Company also has a significant number of foreign patents and pending 
applications.

       The Company has registered various trademarks in the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office and has other trademarks which have acquired both national and
international recognition. The Company also has trademark registrations or
pending applications in a number of foreign countries.

       See Item 3, "Legal Proceedings", for details of certain patent
infringement actions to which the Company is a party.

COMPETITION

       There is intense competition in the markets in which the Company engages
in business. Products competitive with the Company's staplers and clip appliers
include various absorbable and non-absorbable sutures, clips and tape, as well
as disposable and steel stapling instruments, DLUs and some hand loaded
staplers. Many major companies that compete with the Company, such as Johnson &
Johnson, Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company ("3M") and Davis & Geck, a
division of American Home Products Corporation, have a wider range of other
medical products and dominate much of the markets for these other products.
Ethicon, Inc. ("Ethicon"), a Johnson & Johnson subsidiary, markets, in addition
to sutures and other wound closure products, disposable skin staplers, clip
appliers, and internal staplers. 3M markets a variety of surgical devices. Davis
& Geck markets disposable skin staplers, clip appliers and suture materials. The
Company believes that these major companies will continue their efforts to
develop and market competitive devices.

       The market for products for minimally invasive surgery is highly
competitive. The Company believes it is the leader in this field as the result
of its successful innovative efforts and superior products. Ethicon, through a
division known as Ethicon Endo-Surgery, markets a line of endoscopic instruments
directly competitive with the Company's products and is its principal competitor
in minimally invasive surgery. The Company believes that Ethicon devotes
considerable resources to research and development and sales efforts in this
field. Numerous other companies manufacture and distribute disposable endoscopic
instruments. In addition, manufacturers of reusable trocars and other reusable
endoscopic instruments, including Richard Wolf Medical Instruments Corp. (a
subsidiary of Richard Wolf, GmbH) and Karl Storz Endoscopy-America Inc. (a
subsidiary of Karl Storz, GmbH), compete directly with the Company.

       Industry studies show Ethicon currently has approximately 78% of the
suture market, while Davis & Geck has about 13% of this market. The Company
expects that, because the size of the total sutures market is relatively stable,
any increase in the Company's market share in this area will have to be earned
at the expense of the other current market participants. The Company believes
that the technological advantages of its sutures will enable it to compete
effectively with these companies and that its market share in sutures will
continue to grow.




                                       10
<PAGE>   13
       The Company also expects intense competition in sales of products for
specialty surgical application. A broad range of companies, including Ethicon,
presently offer products for use in cardiovascular, urologic, orthopedic, and
oncological procedures. Many of such companies have significantly greater
capital than the Company and are expected to devote substantial resources to
development of newer technologies which would be competitive with products which
the Company may offer. There are also a number of smaller companies engaged in
the development of surgical specialty devices and products developed by such
firms could present additional competition.

       The Company's principal methods of competing are the development of
innovative products, the performance and breadth of its products, its
technically trained sales force, educational services, including sponsorship of
training programs in advanced laparoscopic techniques, and more recently,
assisting hospital management with cost containment and marketing programs. The
Company's major competitors have greater financial resources than the Company.
Some of its competitors, particularly Ethicon, have engaged in substantial price
discounting and other significant efforts to gain market share, including
bundled contracts for a wide variety of healthcare products with group
purchasing organizations. In the current health care environment, cost
containment has become a significant factor in purchasing decisions by
hospitals. As a result, the Company's traditional advantage of product
superiority has been impacted. The Company has responded to this aspect of
competition by competitive pricing and by offering products which meet hospital
cost containment needs, while maintaining the technical superiority of its
products and the support of its sales organization.

       The Company believes that the advantages of its various products and its
customer assistance programs will continue to provide the best value to its
customers. However, there is considerable competition in the industry and no
assurance can be given as to the Company's competitive position. The impact of
competition will likely have a continuing effect on sales volumes and on prices
charged by the Company. In addition, increased cost consciousness has revived
competition from reusable instruments to some extent. The Company believes that
disposable instruments are safer and more cost efficient for hospitals and the
healthcare system than are reusable instruments, but it cannot predict the
extent to which reusable instruments will competitively impact the Company. The
Company also offers reusable instruments to respond to the preferences of its
customers.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

       The Company's business is subject to varying degrees of governmental
regulation in the countries in which it operates. In the United States, the
Company's products are subject to regulation as medical devices by the United
States Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA"), as well as by other federal and
state agencies. These regulations pertain to the manufacturing, labeling,
development and testing of the Company's devices as well as to the maintenance
of required records. An FDA regulation requires prompt reporting by all medical
device manufacturers of an event or malfunction involving a medical device where
such device caused or contributed to death or serious injury or is likely to do
so.




                                       11
<PAGE>   14
       Federal law provides for several routes by which the FDA reviews medical
devices prior to their entry into the marketplace. To date, all of the Company's
new products have been cleared by the FDA under the most expedited form of
pre-market review since the initiation of the program or have not required FDA
approval. The Company, along with the rest of the industry, has experienced
lengthy delays in the FDA approval process, although the Company believes that
Congressional pressure has resulted in some improvements in the timeliness of
the FDA's review process. Timely product approval is important to the Company's
maintaining its technological competitive advantages. Other than lengthy FDA
product approval delays, the Company has not encountered any other unusual
regulatory impediments to the introduction of new products. To the extent the
Company develops products for use in more advanced surgical procedures, the
regulatory process may be more complex and time consuming. Many of these future
products may require lengthy human clinical trials and the Pre-Market Approval
of the FDA relating to class III medical devices. The Company knows of no reason
to believe that it will not be able to obtain regulatory approval for its
products, to the extent efficacy, safety and other standards can be
demonstrated, but the lengthy approval process will require additional capital,
risk of entry by competitors, and risk of changes in the marketplace prior to
market approvals being obtained.

       Overseas, the degree of government regulation affecting the Company
varies considerably among countries, ranging from stringent testing and approval
procedures in certain locations to simple registration procedures in others,
while in some countries there is virtually no regulation of the sale of the
Company's products. In general, the Company has not encountered material delays
or unusual regulatory impediments in marketing its products internationally.
Establishment of uniform regulations for European Economic Area nations took
place on January 1, 1995. The new regulations subject the Company to a single
regulatory scheme for all of the participating countries. The Company has taken
the necessary steps to assure ongoing compliance with these new, more rigorous
regulations, including obtaining ISO 9000 certifications of its operations. The
Company expects that it will be able to market its products in Europe with a
single registration applicable to all participating countries. The Company is
also able to respond to various local regulatory requirements existing in all
other international markets.

HEALTH CARE MARKET

       The health care industry continues to undergo change, led primarily by
market forces which are demanding greater efficiencies and reduced costs.
Government proposed health care mandates in the United States have not occurred,
and it is unclear whether, and to what extent, any future government mandate
will affect the domestic health care market. Industry led changes are expected
to continue irrespective of any governmental efforts toward health care reform.
The scope and timing of any further government sponsored proposals for health
care reform are presently unclear.

       The primary trend in the industry is toward cost containment. Payors and
managed care organizations have been able to exercise greater influence through
managed treatment and hospitalization patterns, including a shift from
reimbursement on a retrospective basis to prospective limits for patient
treatment. Hospitals have been severely impacted by the resulting cost
restraints and are competing for business and becoming more sophisticated in
management and marketing. The increasing use of managed care, centralized
purchasing decisions, consolidations among hospitals and hospital groups, and
integration of health care providers, are continuing to affect purchasing
patterns in the health care system. Purchasing decisions are often shared by a
coalition of surgeons, nursing staff, and hospital administrators, with
purchasing decisions taking into account whether a product reduces the cost of
treatment and/or attracts additional patients to a hospital. All of these
factors, along with competition, have contributed to continuing reductions in
prices for the Company's products and, in the near term, to slower acceptance of
more advanced surgical procedures in which the Company's products are used,
given hospital and surgeon concerns as to the costs of training and
reimbursement by payors. In addition, the primary care physician is expected to
exercise significant influence on referrals of patients for surgical procedures
under managed care.




                                       12

<PAGE>   15
       The Company could potentially benefit from this focus on cost containment
and on managed care. Stapling and minimally invasive surgery decrease operating
room time including anesthesia, patient recovery time and in many cases are
highly cost effective. Doctors, patients, employers and payors all value
decreased patient recovery time. This could lead to potential increases in
volume as surgical stapling and minimally invasive procedures are selected over
alternative techniques. However, an undue focus on discrete costs or similar
limits which fail to consider the overall value of minimally invasive surgery
could adversely impact the Company. Some hospitals may also lose per night
revenues through reduced post-operative care requirements as to procedures
performed by laparoscopy, which could influence their analysis of acceptance of
newer procedures. The Company is adapting itself to this new environment by
promoting the cost effectiveness of its products, by striving to efficiently
produce the highest quality products at the lowest cost, and by assisting
hospitals and payors in achieving meaningful cost reductions for the health care
system while retaining the quality of care permitted by the Company's products.

       Internationally, several factors have slowed the pace of conversion from
traditional to minimally invasive procedures in overseas markets. Many foreign
countries do not generally accept disposable instruments for use in medical
procedures. In addition, the socialization of health care in many developed,
international countries results in patients having less influence on the type of
care they receive. Finally, foreign government cost containment efforts may slow
down the process of obtaining reimbursement approvals for procedures using the
company's products. The Company expects these factors to continue to impact
growth in those foreign countries where they are present.

EMPLOYEES

       At December 31, 1995, the Company employed 6,000 persons, 5,070
domestically and 930 in foreign countries. None of the Company's domestic
employees is represented by a labor union for purposes of collective bargaining.
The Company considers its relations with its employees to be excellent.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

       The Company owns its corporate headquarters, which is located at 150
Glover Avenue, Norwalk, Connecticut, and owns or leases other facilities in
Norwalk, North Haven and Wilton, Connecticut, in Ponce, Puerto Rico, and in
eighteen foreign countries. The Norwalk corporate headquarters includes
executive and administrative facilities and research laboratories. The other
facilities in the United States and the facilities in Puerto Rico and in foreign
countries consist variously of administrative offices, manufacturing, research,
warehouse, distribution, sterilizer operation and assembly space. The North
Haven, Connecticut and Puerto Rico facilities are the primary manufacturing
facilities of the Company. The facilities at each of these locations are leased
by the Company under long term operating leases.

       During 1992 and 1993, the Company expanded its facilities in North Haven,
Connecticut, Ponce, Puerto Rico, and various locations in Europe to accommodate
current and anticipated increased demand for its products, and constructed a
European headquarters and training facility in Elancourt, a suburb of Paris,
France. The Elancourt properties are leased under a 15 year financing lease and
a portion of the facility is being used by the Company as a surgeon training
facility and for administrative offices. The Company is presently attempting to
sublease the unutilized portions of the Elancourt, North Haven and Puerto Rico
facilities.

       The Company's facilities and equipment are in good operating condition,
are suitable for their respective uses and are adequate for current needs.




                                       13
<PAGE>   16
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

       A. In July 1989, Ethicon, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company in
the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut alleging
infringement of a single United States patent relating to trocars. In
counterclaims, the Company has alleged, among other grounds, that Ethicon's
actions tortiously interfered with the Company's business dealings and that
Ethicon is infringing three of the Company's patents. The parties' cross-motions
for preliminary injunctions were denied by the District Court in April 1991. The
Court has held hearings, concluded in September, 1995 as to the Company's motion
to dismiss Ethicon's claim of infringement. The Company's motion is under
consideration by the Court. No trial date has been set. In the opinion of
management, based upon the advice of counsel, the Company has valid claims
against Ethicon and meritorious defenses against the claims by Ethicon. The
Company believes that the ultimate outcome of this action should not have a
materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

       B. In March, 1992, the Company filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the District of Connecticut against Johnson & Johnson
subsidiaries Johnson & Johnson Hospital Supplies, Inc. and Ethicon, Inc.,
alleging infringement of United States patents issued to the Company covering
the Company's endoscopic multiple clip applier. In February, 1994, a jury
returned a verdict in favor of the defendants, holding that the Company's patent
claims were invalid. The Company's appeal of the verdict to the United States
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was denied, and the Company filed a
petition for a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court seeking
to overturn the lower court decisions. On October 2, 1995, the United States
Supreme Court, in selecting the docket for its current session, left pending the
Company's writ of certiorari. The Company believes the Court has tied the
outcome of the Company's action to a case, raising similar issues, which was
heard by the Supreme Court on January 8, 1996. The Company participated in that
case by filing a supportive brief with the Supreme Court. If the Company's
position is sustained by the Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals would be
expected to either enter a decision on the Company's behalf or order the
District Court to hold a new trial at which the Company could reassert its
claims for barring Ethicon's endoscopic clip applier from the market and for
monetary damages.

       C. In May, 1992, the Company filed a complaint in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California against Origin
Medsystems, Inc. ("Origin"), a subsidiary of Eli Lilly & Co., and Frederic Moll,
an officer of Origin and a former employee and director of EndoTherapeutics. The
Company acquired EndoTherapeutics in July 1992. On January 12, 1993, the
District Court granted the Company's motion for a preliminary injunction. The
infringing trocars were ordered removed from the market. The United States Court
of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in December 1993 denied Origin's appeal and
affirmed the lower court's order for a preliminary injunction. A date for trial
has not been set. The United States Patent Office, which, on the defendant
Origin's request, reexamined one of the Company's patents on its PREMIUM
SURGIPORT retracting tip trocar, has confirmed the patentability of the
Company's trocar. In the opinion of management, based upon the advice of
counsel, the Company has valid claims against the defendants.



                                       14
<PAGE>   17
       D. In August and September 1992, four complaints brought by shareholders
as class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the District
of Connecticut, naming the Company and two executives as defendants. The
complaints allege wrongful conduct in violation of federal securities law and
related state law which resulted in damages in connection with the plaintiff
shareholders' purchases of the Company's common stock. During the second quarter
1993, the Company and certain executive officers were named as defendants in
additional complaints styled as shareholder class actions, making comparable
allegations to those in the earlier filed complaints. In June, 1993, the Court
entered orders consolidating these cases. In February and March 1994, three
additional complaints brought by shareholders as class actions were filed in the
United States District Court for the District of Connecticut, naming the Company
and certain executives as defendants. The complaints allege wrongful conduct in
violation of federal securities laws in connection with the plaintiff
shareholders' purchases of the Company's common stock. On April 12, 1995, the
Court dismissed a majority of the claims which had been brought under the
federal securities laws by purchasers of the Company's common stock. The Company
intends to defend vigorously against the remaining claims, which relate only to
timeliness of the Company's disclosure of its implementation of a Just-in-Time
distribution program. In the opinion of management, based upon the advice of
counsel, the defendants have meritorious defenses against the claims asserted in
the actions. The Company believes that the ultimate outcome of these actions
should not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

       E. In September, 1993, Ethicon, Inc. filed a Complaint against the
Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
alleging that the Company's manufacture, use and sale of surgical staples used
in a variety of the Company's staplers infringes certain patents. Ethicon, Inc.
subsequently amended its complaint to add Ethicon Endo-Surgery and Design
Standards Corporation, a Connecticut corporation and a supplier to the Company,
as co-plaintiffs. The Company successfully moved to transfer the case to the
United States District Court for the District of Connecticut. In December, 1993,
the Company asserted counterclaims against Ethicon, Inc. and Ethicon
Endo-Surgery for, among other things, infringing the Company's patents relating
to surgical staples. In addition, the Company has asserted counterclaims against
Design Standards Corporation for breach of its contractual obligations to the
Company and for statutory unfair trade practices by purporting to assign rights
to Ethicon which belong to the Company. In December, 1995, the Company filed
motions for summary judgment as to the validity of and the lack of any
infringement with respect to the Ethicon patents, and the plaintiffs filed a
motion for summary judgment against the Company's counterclaims. In the opinion
of management, based upon the advice of counsel, the Company has meritorious
defenses against the claims asserted in this action and valid claims against the
plaintiffs. The Company believes that the ultimate outcome of this action 
should not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

       F. In February, 1994, Ethicon Endo-Surgery filed suit against the Company
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, alleging
infringement by the Company's instruments of a single patent for a safety
lockout mechanism on a linear cutter/stapler. In June, 1994, the Court denied
the plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction against the Company. In
August, 1995, after a hearing as to the construction of Ethicon's patent claims,
the Court ruled in favor of the Company and dismissed Ethicon's claims. Ethicon
has appealed the decision. The Company previously had asserted counterclaims
against Ethicon which have also been dismissed, without prejudice. No hearing
date before the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has been set. In the
opinion of management, based upon the advice of counsel, the Company has
meritorious defenses against the claims asserted in the complaint. The Company
believes that the ultimate outcome of this action should not have a materially
adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.




                                       15
<PAGE>   18
       G. In November, 1995, the Company acquired Surgical Dynamics, Inc.
("Surgical Dynamics"), a privately held company which develops, manufactures and
markets surgical devices for use in spinal procedures. In January, 1995,
Surgical Dynamics sought declaratory judgment in the United States District
Court for the Central District of California that its spinal fusion cage
product, the Ray FTC device, did not infringe a patent owned by Karlin, Inc. and
licensed to Sofomar Danek Group, Inc. and that such patent is invalid. The
defendants filed counterclaims for patent infringement and unfair trade
practices. In the opinion of management, based upon the advice of counsel,
Surgical Dynamics is not infringing any rights of the defendants and has valid
defenses against the defendants' counterclaims. The Company believes that the
ultimate outcome of this action should not have a materially adverse effect on
the Company's consolidated financial statements.

       H. The Company is engaged in other litigation, primarily as a defendant
in cases involving product liability claims. The Company is also involved in
various other cases. The Company believes it is adequately insured in material
respects against the product liability claims and, based upon advice of counsel,
that the Company has meritorious defenses and/or valid cross claims in these
actions.

                                  * * * * * * *


       In the opinion of management, based upon the advice of counsel, the
ultimate outcome of the above actions, individually or in the aggregate, should
not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

     None.





                                       16
<PAGE>   19
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

       The following table sets forth certain information pertaining to the
executive officers of the Company as of January 30, 1996:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Acting as
Name                            Age                       Position                            Such Since
- ----                            ---                       --------                            ----------

<S>                              <C>                                                     <C> 
Leon C. Hirsch                   68         Chairman of the Board, President                         1987
                                                and Chief Executive Officer

Turi Josefsen                    59         Executive Vice President, and                            1994
                                                President, International Operations      (President and Chief
                                                                                         Executive Officer of
                                                                                         Auto Suture Companies
                                                                                         1992 - 1994)

Thomas R. Bremer                 42         Senior Vice President and                                1994
                                                General Counsel                          (Officer since 1989)

Thomas D. Guy                    53         Senior Vice President, Operations                        1994
                                                                                         (Officer since 1981)

Robert A. Knarr                  47         Senior Vice President and                                1994
                                                General Manager, U.S. and Canada         (Officer since 1983)

Howard M. Rosenkrantz            52         Senior Vice President, Finance and                       1992
                                                Chief Financial Officer                  (Officer since 1982)

Peter Burtscher                  55         Group Vice President                                     1993
                                                                                         (Officer since 1982)

Richard A. Douville              40         Vice President and                                       1993
                                                Treasurer

Richard N. Granger               39         Vice President, Research                                 1993
                                                and Development                          (Officer since 1992)

Charles E. Johnson               47         Vice President, Education                                1994
                                                                                         (Officer since 1993)

Louis J. Mazzarese               50         Vice President, Quality                                  1992
                                                and Regulatory Affairs                   (Officer since 1991)

Eitan Nahum                      46         Vice President, Strategic Planning &                     1995
                                                 Business Development                    (Officer since 1995)

Joseph C. Scherpf                52         Vice President and                                       1984
                                                Controller

Jeffrey B. Sciallo               46         Vice President, Information Services                     1995
                                                                                         (Officer since 1995)

Marianne Scipione                49         Vice President, Corporate                                1981
                                                Communications

Wilson F. Smith, Jr.             50         Vice President, Corporate Accounts &                     1995
                                                Distribution                             (Officer since 1993)

Charles Tribie                   43         Vice President, Manufacturing                            1995
                                                                                         (Officer since 1995)

Pamela Komenda                   42         Corporate Secretary                                      1989
</TABLE>



                                       17
<PAGE>   20
Various of the above-named persons are also officers of one or more of the
Company's subsidiaries. Leon C. Hirsch and Turi Josefsen are husband and wife.
No other family relationship exists between any of the above-named persons.
Officers are elected for annual terms to hold office until their successors are
elected, or until their earlier resignation or removal by the Board of
Directors. All of the executive officers have for at least the past five years
held high level management or executive positions with the Company or its
subsidiaries, except for Mr. Douville, who joined the Company in 1993, Mr.
Mazzarese, who joined the Company in 1991, and Mr. Nahum, who joined the Company
in 1995. Mr. Douville was previously employed from 1977 to 1992 by the
accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche, where he was a partner, and was Vice
President and Controller with PepsiCo. Foods International from 1992 until
joining the Company. Mr. Mazzarese was previously Vice President, Regulatory
Affairs/Clinical Affairs, Product Assurance, at the Shiley division of Pfizer
Corporation's Hospital Products Group from 1987 until October, 1991. Mr. Nahum
was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bogen Communications, Inc. from
1994-1995. From 1989-94 he was with Sharplan Lasers, Inc., a subsidiary of Laser
Industries serving as its President from 1991-94.



                                       18
<PAGE>   21
                                     PART II


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

       The Company's Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol USS. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the
high and low of the daily sales prices, which represent actual transactions, as
reported by the New York Stock Exchange. In addition, the table sets forth the
amounts of quarterly cash dividends per share that were declared and paid by the
Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        
                                          CASH               DAILY SALES PRICES
                                        DIVIDENDS            ------------------
                                          PAID             HIGH               LOW
                                          ----             ----               ---
<C>                                      <C>              <C>                <C>   
   1995
1st Quarter                              $.02             $24.25             $18.75
2nd Quarter                               .02              24.00              19.13
3rd Quarter                               .02              27.75              20.38
4th Quarter                               .02              27.25              21.38

   1994
1st Quarter                              $.02             $32.50             $15.88
2nd Quarter                               .02              24.63              16.00
3rd Quarter                               .02              28.38              21.25
4th Quarter                               .02              27.50              18.25
</TABLE>

       At December 31, 1995, the number of record holders of the Company's
Common Stock was 10,381. See discussion below in Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as to restrictions
imposed by a credit agreement on registrant's level of dividend payments.


                                       19  
<PAGE>   22
ITEM 6.       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Years Ended December 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In thousands, except per share data     1995(1)       1994(2)       1993(3)         1992           1991
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                  <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>        
Net sales ........................   $ 1,022,300   $   918,700   $ 1,037,200    $ 1,197,200   $   843,600

Income (loss) before income
   taxes ..,.....................    $    89,800   $    32,700   $  (137,400)   $   192,900   $   130,300

Net income (loss) ................   $    79,200   $    19,200   $  (138,700)   $   138,900   $    91,200

Net income (loss) per common share
   and common share equivalent
   (primary and fully diluted) ...         $1.05          $.08        $(2.48)         $2.32         $1.58

Average number of common shares
   and common share equivalents
   outstanding ...................        57,000        56,600        56,000         59,900        57,800

Dividends declared
   per common share ..............          $.08          $.08         $.245           $.30        $.2875

At December 31,
Total assets .....................   $ 1,265,500   $ 1,103,500   $ 1,170,500    $ 1,168,100   $   741,600

Long-term debt ...................   $   256,500   $   248,500   $   505,300    $   394,500   $   251,600

Stockholders' equity (4) .........   $   741,100   $   662,000   $   443,900    $   590,000   $   329,900
</TABLE>

(1) In the third quarter of 1995, the Company reached an agreement with respect
    to the settlement of all issues raised by the Internal Revenue Service in
    the examination of the Company's income tax returns for the years 1984
    through 1990. As a result of the agreement, the Company recognized a net
    credit to the tax provision of $10 million ($ .18 per common share) in the
    third quarter of 1995.

(2) In the fourth quarter of 1994 the Company signed a letter of intent to
    purchase certain assets of its independent distributor in Japan, which 
    included inventory of the Company's products purchased by the independent 
    distributor but not yet sold to third parties at December 31, 1994. Sales 
    and Net income were reduced by $17 million and $8 million ($.14 per common
    share), respectively, in anticipation of the pending reacquisition of these
    products and valuing these products at the Company's cost.

(3) Income (loss) before income taxes and net income (loss) for 1993 include
    restructuring charges of $137.6 million and $129.6 million ($2.31 per
    share), respectively.

(4) Included in Stockholders' equity in 1995 and 1994 is $191.5 million of
    convertible preferred stock which has a liquidation value of $200.0 million.


                                       20  
<PAGE>   23
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

       In 1995 the Company attained sales of $1.02 billion compared with sales
of $919 million in 1994 and $1.04 billion in 1993. Sales increased $ 104 million
or 11 % in 1995, decreased $119 million or 11 % in 1994 , and decreased $160
million or 13 % in 1993. In 1995 the Company reported net income of $79 million
or $1.05 per common share (after preferred stock dividends of $20 million),
compared with net income of $ 19 million or $.08 per common share (after
preferred stock dividends of $15 million) in 1994, and a net loss of $139
million or $2.48 per common share in 1993. Net income and net income per common
share increased $60 million and $.97, respectively, in 1995 compared to 1994,
increased $158 million and $2.56, respectively, in 1994 compared to 1993, and
decreased $278 million and $4.80, respectively, in 1993 compared to 1992. The
effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on results of operations
was to increase net income by $14 million in 1995 in comparison to 1994. The
effects of foreign currency exchange rate changes on net income in 1994 and 1993
were immaterial.

       The Company recorded restructuring charges of approximately $7 million
during the second half of 1995 that relate primarily to lease terminations and
employee severance costs associated with the relocation of one of the Company's
largest international subsidiaries and the plan to centralize the distribution
of the Company's products to its European customers. In addition, severance
payments were incurred in relation to the restructuring of the Company's
manufacturing plants. The majority of the cash outlays relative to these
restructuring charges were made during the third and fourth quarters of 1995,
with the remainder to be made by the end of the first half of 1996.
The 1995 restructuring charges were basically offset by the reversal of
restructuring cost estimates in excess of ultimate costs which were originally
recognized in the Company's fourth quarter 1993 consolidated financial 
statements.

       In the second half of 1993 the Company adopted a restructuring plan
designed to reduce its cost structure and improve its competitive position
through property divestitures and consolidations and a reduction in its
management, administrative, and direct labor workforce. These plans were adopted
when it became apparent that projected worldwide sales growth did not meet 
Company expectations. The Company initially announced plans to layoff 
approximately 700 administrative staff personnel, close its manufacturing 
plants for thirteen days in the fourth quarter of 1993, and adopt a four day 
work week for certain manufacturing employees during the early part of 1994. 
The Company expanded upon its restructuring plans in 1993 to include real 
estate divestitures and consolidations and additional employee voluntary and 
involuntary severance programs. Substantially all payments under these 
severance programs have been completed by December 31, 1995.

       Restructuring charges recorded in 1993 were $138 million ($130 million 
or $2.31 per share net of taxes). These charges consisted primarily of 
writedowns of certain real estate to estimated net realizable value ($ 79 
million), provisions for lease buyout expenses ($24 million), accruals for
severance costs ($30 million) and write down of other assets ($5 million). The 
Company has either terminated or bought out the leases of the leased properties
and paid substantially all employee severence costs which were part of the 1993 
restructuring charges.


                                       21 
<PAGE>   24
       The increase in sales in 1995 to $1.02 billion compared to $919 million
in 1994 was primarily due to volume increases and the Company's initiation of
direct distribution of its products to Japanese customers through the
acquisition of certain assets from the Company's former Japanese distributor.
The reduction of inventories at JIT distributors during 1995 had a negative
impact on sales as hospital purchases from JIT distributors exceeded distributor
purchases from the Company by $13.1 million (1994 - $28.2 million). Changes in
the health care industry continue to significantly affect the Company's
marketplace. Industry consolidations, intense competition, and pricing pressures
due to ongoing reform of the health care system have continued in 1995. The rate
of acceptance of newer procedures utilizing the Company's products also
continues to be affected by uncertainty surrounding health care reform and by
the increased educational requirements for more complex procedures. The
reduction in sales to $919 million in 1994 from $1.04 billion in 1993 was
significantly affected by the initial distributor stocking program in early 1993
which was not repeated in 1994. Distributor inventory purchases were made in
connection with the implementation of the Company's JIT domestic hospital
distribution program during the first quarter of 1993. The initial stocking of
the JIT distributors precipitated an inventory reduction period during which
hospitals formerly supplied directly by the Company worked their inventories
down and distributors adjusted their own inventories.

The following table analyzes the change in sales in 1995, 1994 and 1993 compared
with the prior years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  1995    1994     1993   
                                                 -----   -----    ----- 
                                                      (IN MILLIONS)
     <S>                                         <C>     <C>      <C>   
     COMPOSITION OF SALES INCREASE (DECREASE):
     Sales volume increase (decrease)            $  64   $ (96)   $(114)
     Net price changes*                             12     (21)      (6)
     Effects of changes in foreign
        currency exchange rates                     28      (2)     (40)
                                                 -----   -----    -----
     
         Sales increase (decrease)               $ 104   $(119)   $(160)
                                                 =====   =====    =====
</TABLE>


     * Approximately $36 million of the sales increase for the year ended
       December 31, 1995, accounted for in net price changes above, is the
       result of the 1995 acquisition of certain assets from the Company's
       former distributor in Japan.

       Sales volume increases and the effects of foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations accounted for 62% and 27%, respectively, of the total 1995 sales
increase compared with 1994 and 81% and 2%, respectively, of the total 1994
sales decrease compared with 1993.


                                       22 
<PAGE>   25
       Gross margin from operations (sales less cost of products sold divided by
sales) was 56% in 1995 and 50% in 1994 and 1993. Although the Company
implemented the majority of its restructuring plans during the last quarter of
1993 and the first quarter of 1994, the major benefits of the cost reduction
measures adopted by the Company did not start being realized in reduced cost of
product until 1994, which resulted in improved quarterly gross margins as the
applicable product was sold in the second half of 1994. Gross margins continued
to improve in 1995 as a result of the implementation of the 1993/1994
restructuring plans. Gross margins in 1993 compared to 1992 were negatively
impacted by higher costs associated with the increase in production capacity,
the introduction of new products and increases in related inventory and fixed
asset reserves from the consequent obsolescence of production tooling and
inventories and additional selling price discounts granted to JIT distributors
with the implementation of the JIT distribution program. The reserves for
obsolescence of production tooling and inventories, which are an ongoing cost of
business, amounted to $45 million, $61 million and $62 million, respectively, in
the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993. The effects of foreign
currency exchange rate changes on cost of products sold in 1995 and 1994 were
immaterial. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates from those existing in
1992 had the effect of reducing cost of products sold by $18 million in 1993.

       The Company's investment in research and development during the past
three years (1995 - $43 million; 1994 - $38 million; 1993 - $51 million) has
yielded numerous product improvements as well as the development of numerous new
products. The increase in research and development expense in 1995 compared to
1994 resulted primarily from $4.6 million of charges during the third quarter of
1995 related to certain technologies which the Company decided not to pursue.
The decrease in research and development expense in 1994 compared to 1993
reflects the impact of a program initiated in the second half of 1993 to
increase efficiency and reduce the cost connected with the pilot development of
new products which are classified as research and development. The Company is
continuing its commitment to develop and acquire unique new products for use in
new surgical procedures and specialty areas.

       Selling, general and administrative expenses expressed as a percentage of
sales were 41% in 1995, 40% in 1994, and 43% in 1993. The increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in 1995 is
primarily due to the effects of the initiation by the Company of the marketing
of the Company's products to its Japanese customers as a result of the
acquisition of certain assets from the Company's former Japanese distributor.
The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
sales for 1994 results from the major cost saving benefits from the Company's
restructuring program in the form of reduced selling, general, and
administrative expenses as a percentage of sales throughout 1994. The percentage
increase in 1993 resulted primarily from higher depreciation and amortization
charges related to the Company's facilities expansion. Changes in foreign
currency exchange rates from those existing in the prior year had the effect of
increasing selling, general, and administrative expenses by $13 million in 1995,
and decreasing selling, general, and administrative expenses by $6 million in
1994 and $21 million in 1993.


                                       23 
<PAGE>   26
       The tax provisions for 1995, 1994 and 1993 related primarily to foreign
taxes including taxes in Puerto Rico. The Company's tax provisions in 1995 and
1994 reflect the lower effective tax rates on a subsidiary's operations in
Puerto Rico and the availability of a tax credit under Section 936 of the
Internal Revenue Code and the tax benefit of certain net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards which were not previously considered recognizable. The 1993
tax provision is a result of the Company incurring net operating losses in
certain tax jurisdictions for which the Company was not able to recognize the
corresponding tax benefits.

       In August 1995, the Company reached agreement with respect to settlement
of all issues raised by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in its examination of
the Company's income tax returns for the years 1984 through 1990. Prior to this
resolution, a significant portion of deferred tax assets related to available
net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards had been fully reserved by the
Company because of uncertainty over the future utilization of the tax benefits.
Based upon current circumstances relative to the IRS audit and the Company's
estimate of future domestic taxable income, it now appears more likely than not
that a significant portion of such fully reserved assets will be realized in the
future. As a result, in the third quarter of 1995 the Company reduced the
valuation allowances related to a significant portion of these deferred tax
assets by $54.3 million (change in valuation allowances in 1995 was a reduction
of $75.6 million), increased its current tax liabilities by $28.6 million for
the remaining estimated tax liabilities relating to years subsequent to 1990,
decreased tax assets by $7.4 million, recognized a net credit to the tax
provision of $10.0 million ($.18 per common share) and recorded a credit to
Additional Paid-in Capital (for windfall tax benefits related to net operating
losses generated from stock compensation deductions in prior years) of $8.3
million.

       The Company will adopt the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (FAS 123)
in the first quarter of 1996. The Company, as provided for by FAS 123, will
continue to apply Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees" for employee stock compensation measurement. The
anticipated effect of adopting this new standard is not expected to have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

       The increase in accounts receivable results from the $37 million increase
in sales in the fourth quarter 1995 when compared to the fourth quarter 1994.

       The increase in other current assets and income taxes payable results
from the Company's settlement with the Internal Revenue Service referred to
above.

       The increase in other assets results primarily from an increase in
goodwill ($64 million) and patents ($18 million) resulting from the Company's
acquisition of Japanese distribution rights from the Company's former Japanese
distributor and the business combination with Surgical Dynamics, Inc. (see Note
C of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

       The Company's current cash and cash equivalent balances, existing
borrowing capacity and projected operating cash flows are currently in excess of
its foreseeable operating cash flow requirements. Following the issuance of $200
million of convertible preferred stock in March 1994, the proceeds from which
were used to reduce bank debt, the Company entered into a new $400 million
syndicated credit agreement in June 1994, later reduced to $350 million in the
first quarter of 1995 as a result of the strong cash flows currently being
generated by the Company.


                                       24 
<PAGE>   27
       The Company terminated its existing syndicated credit facility which was
scheduled to mature in January 1997 and entered into a new $325 million credit
agreement in December 1995. This new credit agreement matures January 2001 and
provides for certain covenants similar to the credit agreement it replaced, such
as restrictions on asset sales, common stock dividends in excess of 20% of net
income and subsidiary debt as well as required maintenance of certain minimum
levels of tangible net worth and fixed charge coverage ratios and a stipulated
level of debt to total capitalization. The new credit facility provides for
borrowings up to $25 million worth of Japanese Yen within the facility. During
1995, the Company entered into uncommitted Japanese Yen credit agreements with
two Japanese banks for a total of 3 billion Yen (approximately $30 million) in
order to enhance liquidity for its Japanese subsidiary. Additonally, the
company had $50 million of uncommitted credit agreements with three other
domestic banks. The Company is in full compliance with all of its covenants 
associated with its various bank and leasing agreements.

       The Company's building programs have been essentially completed, which
enabled the Company to reduce its capital spending by more than 28% in 1995
compared to 1994 levels and 78% in 1994 compared to 1993 levels. Additions to
property, plant, and equipment on the accrual method totaled $48 million ($34
million on a cash basis) in 1995, compared with $49 million in 1994, and $187
million in 1993, and consist of additions to machinery and equipment ($25
million), molds and dies ($11 million) and land and buildings ($12 million).
During 1995 the Company removed from its balance sheet, property, plant, and
equipment which had an original cost of $27 million and is now fully depreciated
and out of service.

       The change in long-term debt at December 31, 1995 in comparison to the
prior year-end reflects the notes payable related to the acquisition of Japanese
direct distribution rights and the cash flow generated from operations which
enabled the Company to reduce bank debt by $37 million after recognizing the
effect of over $80 million of business acquisitions during 1995.

       The Company routinely enters into foreign currency exchange contracts to
reduce its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes on the results of
operations of its international subsidiaries. As of December 31, 1995 the
Company had approximately $25 million of such contracts outstanding that will
mature at various dates through February 1996. Realized and unrealized foreign
currency gains and losses are recognized when incurred. The weakening of the
dollar relative to most foreign currencies caused the $10 million movement in
the Company's Accumulated Translation Adjustments component of Stockholders'
Equity at December 31, 1995 compared to the prior year.

         The Company's North Haven facilities are leased from a trust, of which
the original developer (the "Owner Participant") holds the beneficial interest.
The Owner Participant has the right to require the Company or the Company's
designee to purchase the Owner Participant's beneficial interest. This right
cannot be exercised by the Owner Participant until January 1998 and continues
for a period of four years thereafter. The Company's obligation, if the right is
exercised, would be to take title to the beneficial interest in the trust, or
find another investor, suitable to the noteholders who financed these
facilities, to take such title. In either case the Company's obligations as
lessee under the lease would not change. The Company would be obligated, whether
or not the right is exercised, to make payments called for under the existing
lease of approximately $57 million annually through the year 2002, a payment of
$28 million in January 2003 and nominal annual payments of $100,000 through
2022. In addition, the Company may be obligated to make an additional payment of
approximately $19 million if the right is exercised which could be payable as
early as January 1998, or ratably throughout the remaining term of the lease.
The foregoing amounts in the preceding two sentences represent cash flow impacts
whereas the rent expense would aggregate less than $20 million per year.



                                       25
<PAGE>   28
         If, as described above, the Company takes title to the beneficial
interest in the facilities in 1998, it is estimated that the Company's balance
sheet would be affected through an increase in property, plant and equipment of
$339 million, a decrease in other assets of $109 million and an increase in
Long-Term Debt of $230 million.

                                   * * * * * *

       The Company may, from time to time, provide estimates as to future
performance, including comments on financial estimates made by the analyst
community. These forward looking statements will be estimates, and may or may
not be realized by the Company. The Company undertakes no duty to update such
forward looking statements. Many factors could cause actual results to differ
from these forward looking statements, including loss of market share through
competition, introduction of competing products by other firms, pressure on
prices from competition or purchasers of the Company's products, regulatory
obstacles to development of new products which are important to the Company's
growth, lack of acceptance of new products by the health care market, slow rates
of conversion by surgeons to procedures which utilize the Company's markets, and
interest rate and foreign exchange fluctuations.

ITEM 8.       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

A.  QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED).

       The following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                FIRST         SECOND            THIRD           FOURTH
                                               QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER(1)       QUARTER(2,3)        YEAR
                                               -------        -------        ----------       ------------        ----
<S>                                             <C>          <C>              <C>               <C>            <C>
                  1995
Net sales...............................        $240,600     $263,600         $254,800          $263,300       $1,022,300
Cost of products sold...................         112,900      117,800          106,500           114,500          451,700
Income before income taxes..............          18,700       24,800           20,600            25,700           89,800
Net income .............................          14,400       19,100           25,900            19,800           79,200
Net income per common
  share (primary and fully diluted)                 $.17         $.25             $.37              $.26            $1.05

                  1994
Net sales...............................        $226,000      $232,000         $234,200         $226,500       $  918,700
Cost of products sold...................         117,600       117,200          115,200          113,600          463,600
Income (loss) before income taxes.......          (5,400)       11,800           17,400            8,900           32,700
Net income (loss).......................          (7,900)        8,000           13,200            5,900           19,200
Net income (loss) per common
  share (primary and fully diluted)                $(.14)         $.05             $.15             $.02             $.08
</TABLE>

(1) In the third quarter of 1995, the Company reached an agreement with respect
    to the settlement of all issues raised by the Internal Revenue Service in
    the examination of the Company's income tax returns for the years 1984
    through 1990. As a result of the agreement, the Company recognized a net
    credit to the tax provision of $10 million ($ .18 per common share) in the
    third quarter of 1995.

(2) In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company reached an agreement to purchase
    certain assets of its former Japanese distributor and accrued for the
    reacquisition of inventory from this distributor and reduced Net sales by
    $17 million and Net income by $8 million ($.14 per common share).



                                       26
<PAGE>   29
(3) Cost of products sold in the fourth quarter of 1995 includes $13 million of
    inventory and fixed asset reserves ($16 million in the corresponding period
    in 1994) resulting from the continued introduction of new products and the
    consequent obsolescence of production tooling and inventories.

B.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE.

    See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement
    Schedule on page F-1 herein.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

    Not Applicable.



                                       27
<PAGE>   30
                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

A.     DIRECTORS

       The section entitled "Election of Directors" in the Definitive Proxy
Statement for the 1996 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the registrant (the
1996 Proxy Statement) is hereby incorporated by reference.

B.     OFFICERS

       See Part I.

C.     COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

       The section entitled "Executive Compensation and Transactions -
Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934" in the
1996 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

       The section entitled "Executive Compensation and Transactions" in the
1996 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference, except for those
portions entitled "Performance Graph" and "Report of Compensation Committee".

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

       The sections entitled "Outstanding Shares, Voting Rights and Principal
Stockholders" and "Share Ownership of Management" in the 1996 Proxy Statement
are hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

       The section entitled "Executive Compensation and Transactions - Certain
Transactions" in the 1996 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

      a. AND d. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE.
    
         See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement
         Schedule on Page F-1 herein.

      b. REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

         Reports on Form 8-K relative to the acquisition of certain assets of
         the Company's former Japanese distributor were filed on July 10, 1995
         and on October 13, 1995, as amended on November 30, 1995.

      c. EXHIBITS.

         (The Company will furnish a copy of any exhibit upon payment of 15
         cents per page plus postage.)



                                       28
<PAGE>   31
           (3)   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS.

                 (a)          Certificate of Incorporation filed March 14, 1990
                              - Exhibit 3(a) to registrant's Form 8-B declared
                              effective August 3, 1990.*

                 (b)          Certificate of Merger filed May 1, 1990 - Exhibit
                              3(b) to registrant's Form 8- B declared effective
                              August 3, 1990.*

                 (c)          Certificate of Amendment filed May 15, 1991 -
                              Exhibit 3(c) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1991.*

                 (d)          By-laws, as amended January 30, 1996. Filed
                              herewith.

                 (e)          Certificate of Designations relating to the
                              issuance of the Company's Series A Convertible
                              Preferred Stock, filed March 28, 1994. Exhibit
                              3(e) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

           (4)   INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING 
                 INDENTURES.

                 (a)          Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995
                              among registrant, signatory banks, Morgan Guaranty
                              Trust Company of New York as Documentation Agent,
                              NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and
                              The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative Agent.
                              Filed Herewith.

           (10)  MATERIAL CONTRACTS.

                 (a)          1981 Employee Stock Option Plan. Exhibit 10(a)(1)
                              to registrant's Form 10-K for 1987. * +

                 (b)          1990 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed herewith. +

                 (c)          1993 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed herewith. +

                 (d)          Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed herewith. +

                 (e)          Installment Option Purchase Agreement with Leon C.
                              Hirsch dated September 10, 1984, as amended
                              through May 18, 1994. Exhibit 10 (j) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1994. +

                 (f)          Outside Directors Stock Plan - Exhibit 10(a)(4) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1988. * +

                 (g)          Amendment to Outside Directors Stock Plan adopted
                              May 1, 1990 - Exhibit 10(j) to registrant's Form
                              10-K for 1990. * +

                 (h)          Long-Term Incentive Plan - Exhibit 10(a)(5) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1988. * +


                                       29
<PAGE>   32
                 (i)          Lease Agreement dated as of January 14, 1993
                              between State Street Bank and Trust Company of
                              Connecticut, National Association, as Lessor and
                              the registrant, as Lessee - Exhibit 10(o) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1992.*

                 (j)          Participation Agreement dated as of January 14,
                              1993 among registrant, Lessee, Baker Properties
                              Limited Partnership, Owner Participant, The Note
                              Purchasers listed in Schedule 1 thereto, State
                              Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut,
                              National Association, Owner Trustee, and Shawmut
                              Bank Connecticut, N.A., Indenture Trustee -
                              Exhibit 10(p) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1992.*

                 (k)          Lease and financing agreements dated January 4,
                              1994 between registrant's French subsidiary,
                              A.S.E. Partners, and (i) the Corporation for the
                              Financing of Commercial Buildings ("FINABAIL") and
                              (ii) the Association for the Financing of
                              Commercial Buildings ("U.I.S.") - Exhibit 10(r) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

                 (l)          Lease and financing agreement dated December 26,
                              1991 between registrant's subsidiary, U.S.S.C.
                              Puerto Rico, Inc., and The Puerto Rico Industrial
                              Development Company ("PRIDCO") - Exhibit 10(s) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

                 (m)          Agreement between Howard M. Rosenkrantz and the
                              registrant dated January 30, 1996. Filed
                              herewith.+

           (12)               Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to 
                              Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock 
                              Dividends. Filed herewith.

           (21)               Subsidiaries of the registrant. Filed herewith.

           (27)               Financial Data Schedule. Filed herewith.

*  Previously filed as indicated and incorporated herein by reference. Exhibits
   incorporated by reference are located in SEC File No. 1-9776.

+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
   as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of this report.

   
                                       30
<PAGE>   33
                                   SIGNATURES

       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 30th day of January, 1996.

                                      UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION
                                                  (REGISTRANT)

                                      By:
                                         ------------------------------------
                                                (HOWARD M. ROSENKRANTZ
                                            SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE
                                             AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER)

       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            SIGNATURE                              TITLE                           DATE
            ---------                              -----                           ----
<S>                                   <C>                                    <C>
                                      Chairman of the                        January 30, 1996
- ---------------------------------     Board, President                       
  (Leon C. Hirsch)                    and Chief Executive Officer
                                      (Principal Executive Officer)
                                      and Director

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (Julie K. Blake)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (John A. Bogardus, Jr.)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (Thomas R. Bremer)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (Turi Josefsen)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (Douglas L. King)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (William F. May)

- ---------------------------------     Senior Vice President, Finance         January 30, 1996
  (Howard M. Rosenkrantz)             and Chief Financial Officer and
                                      Director
                                      
- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (Marianne Scipione)

- ---------------------------------     Director                               January 30, 1996
  (John R. Silber)
 
- ---------------------------------     Vice President and Controller          January 30, 1996
  (Joseph C. Scherpf)                 (Principal Accounting Officer)
</TABLE>


                                       31
<PAGE>   34
                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Page
                                                                                ----  

<S>                                                                             <C>
Independent Auditors' Report and Consent ................................        F-2

Management Report on Responsibility for Financial Reporting .............        F-3

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 1995 and 1994 ................        F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 1995,
   1994 and 1993 ........................................................        F-5

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity - Years
   Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 ...............................        F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 1995,
   1994 and 1993 ........................................................        F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ..............................        F-8

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts .........................        S-1
</TABLE>

       All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have
been omitted.


                                       F-1
<PAGE>   35
                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Board of Directors and Stockholders
UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements and
financial statement schedule of United States Surgical Corporation and
subsidiaries listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and
Financial Statement Schedule of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of United States
Surgical Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1995. These financial
statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audits.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are
free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of United States Surgical
Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1995 in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule,
when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.


Deloitte & Touche LLP

Stamford, Connecticut
January 22, 1996

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
            TO INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE IN REGISTRATION STATEMENTS
                            ON FORM S-3 AND FORM S-8

         We consent to the incorporation by reference in United States Surgical
Corporation's Registration Statements Nos. 33-53297 and 33-59729 on Form S-3 and
Registration Statements Nos. 2-64804, 2-78663, 33-3419, 33-13997, 33-37328,
33-38710, 33-40171, 33-59278 and 33-61912 on Form S-8 of our report dated
January 22, 1996 and appearing on page F-2 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 1995.


Deloitte & Touche LLP

Stamford, Connecticut
January 22, 1996


                                       F-2
<PAGE>   36
                       MANAGEMENT REPORT ON RESPONSIBILITY
                             FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING


The management of United States Surgical Corporation and its subsidiaries (the
"Company") has the responsibility for preparing the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and related notes. The consolidated financial statements
were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and
necessarily include amounts based upon judgments and estimates by management.
Management also prepared the other information in the annual report and is
responsible for its accuracy and consistency with the consolidated financial
statements.

Management of the Company has established and maintains a system of internal
controls that provide reasonable assurance that the accounting records may be
relied upon for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
Management continually monitors the system of internal controls for compliance.
Also, the Company maintains an internal auditing function that independently
assesses the effectiveness of the internal controls and recommends possible
improvements thereto. The Company's consolidated financial statements have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors. Management has made
available to Deloitte & Touche LLP all the Company's financial records and
related data. In addition, in order to express an opinion on the Company's
consolidated financial statements, Deloitte & Touche LLP considered the internal
accounting control structure in order to determine the extent of their auditing
procedures for the purpose of expressing such opinion but not to provide
assurance on the internal control structure. Management believes that the
Company's system of internal controls is adequate to accomplish the objectives
discussed herein.

The Board of Directors monitors the internal control system through its Audit
Committee which consists solely of outside directors. The Audit Committee meets
periodically with the independent auditors, internal auditors and senior
financial management to determine that they are properly discharging their
responsibilities.




                                            Leon C. Hirsch
                                            Chief Executive Officer




                                            Howard M. Rosenkrantz
                                            Chief Financial Officer



                                       F-3
<PAGE>   37

               UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   December 31,
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In thousands except share data                                                1995               1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>                <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents ......................................        $   10,500         $   11,300
   Receivables, less allowance of $8,200 (1995); $7,300 (1994) ....           247,300            211,500
   Inventories:
     Finished goods ...............................................            92,700             95,500
     Work in process ..............................................            28,800             27,100
     Raw materials ................................................            39,700             44,600
                                                                           ----------         ----------
                                                                              161,200            167,200
   Other current assets ...........................................            87,900             49,500
                                                                           ----------         ----------
         Total Current Assets .....................................           506,900            439,500
                                                                           ----------         ----------

Property, plant, and equipment (net) ..............................           504,900            540,000

Other assets (net) ................................................           253,700            124,000
                                                                           ----------         ----------

         Total Assets .............................................        $1,265,500         $1,103,500
                                                                           ==========         ==========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:

   Accounts payable ...............................................        $   28,600         $   28,200
   Accrued liabilities ............................................           148,900            125,200
   Income taxes payable ...........................................            78,600             29,400
   Current portion of long-term debt ..............................             4,200              1,300
                                                                           ----------         ----------
         Total Current Liabilities ................................           260,300            184,100

Long-term debt ....................................................           256,500            248,500

Deferred income taxes .............................................             7,600              8,900

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock $5.00 par value, authorized 2,000,000 shares;
   9.76% Series A cumulative convertible, 177,400 shares
     issued and outstanding (liquidation value - $200 million) ....               900                900
   Additional paid-in capital - preferred stock ...................           190,600            190,600
   Common stock $.10 par value, authorized 250,000,000 shares;
     issued, 65,293,157 at December 31, 1995 and 64,973,192 at
     December 31, 1994 ............................................             6,500              6,500
   Additional paid-in capital - common stock ......................           394,200            380,700
   Retained earnings ..............................................           233,200            178,100
   Treasury stock at cost; 8,127,219 shares at
     December 31, 1995 and 8,137,053 shares at
     December 31, 1994 ............................................           (86,600)           (86,700)
   Accumulated translation adjustments ............................             2,300             (8,100)
                                                                           ----------         ----------
         Total Stockholders' Equity ...............................           741,100            662,000
                                                                           ----------         ----------
Commitments and contingencies

         Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity ...............        $1,265,500         $1,103,500
                                                                           ==========         ==========
</TABLE>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       F-4
<PAGE>   38
               UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Years Ended December 31,
                                              -----------------------------------------------
In thousands, except per share data              1995             1994             1993
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>               <C>             <C>       
Net sales ................................    $1,022,300        $918,700        $1,037,200
                                              ----------        --------        ----------
Costs and expenses:
   Cost of products sold .................       451,700         463,600           518,400
   Research and development ..............        43,100          37,500            50,800
   Selling, general and administrative ...       417,000         366,700           449,300
   Interest ..............................        20,700          18,200            18,500
   Restructuring charges .................                                         137,600
                                              ----------        --------        ----------
         Total costs and expenses ........       932,500         886,000         1,174,600
                                              ----------        --------        ----------

Income (loss) before income taxes ........        89,800          32,700          (137,400)

Income taxes .............................        10,600          13,500             1,300
                                              ----------        --------        ----------

Net income (loss) ........................        79,200          19,200          (138,700)

Preferred stock dividends ................        19,500          14,900
                                              ----------        --------        ----------

Net income (loss) applicable to
   common stock ..........................    $   59,700        $  4,300        $ (138,700)
                                              ==========        ========        ==========

Average number of common shares
   outstanding ...........................        57,000          56,600            56,000
                                              ==========        ========        ==========

Net income (loss) per common share
   (primary and fully diluted) ...........    $     1.05        $    .08        $    (2.48)
                                              ==========        ========        ==========

Dividends paid per common share ..........    $      .08        $    .08        $     .245
                                              ==========        ========        ==========
</TABLE>


                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       F-5
<PAGE>   39
United States Surgical Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Additional               Additional                    
                                                                     Paid-in                  Paid-in                     
                                                       Preferred    Capital -     Common     Capital -     Retained       
Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993             Stock      Preferred      Stock      Common       Earnings       
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands
- --------------------

<S>                                                    <C>         <C>            <C>       <C>            <C>            
BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1993...........................                             $6,400     $345,200      $ 330,700      
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (626,079 shares).................................                                          12,100                     
  Income tax benefit from stock options exercised
    recognized upon adoption of FAS 109..............                                          14,400                     
  Payment received from officer on installment
    receivables......................................                                                                     
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......                                                                     
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($.245 per share)................................                                                        (13,700)     
  Net loss...........................................                                                       (138,700)     
                                                           ----     --------      ------     --------      ---------      

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1993.........................                              6,400      371,700        178,300      
  Issuance of preferred stock (177,400) shares.......      $900     $190,600                                              
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (577,991 shares).................................                                100        7,900                     
  Income tax benefit from stock
    options exercised................................                                           1,100                     
  Payment received from officer on installment
    receivables......................................                                                                     
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......                                                                     
  Preferred stock dividends..........................                                                        (14,900)     
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($ .08 per share)................................                                                         (4,500)     
  Net income.........................................                                                         19,200      
                                                           ----     --------      ------     --------      ---------      

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1994.........................       900      190,600       6,500      380,700        178,100      
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (329,799 shares).................................                                           5,300                     
  Income tax benefit from stock
    options exercised................................                                           8,200                     
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......                                                                     
  Preferred stock dividends..........................                                                        (19,500)     
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($ .08 per share)................................                                                         (4,600)     
  Net income.........................................                                                         79,200      
                                                           ----     --------      ------     --------      ---------      
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1995.........................      $900     $190,600      $6,500     $394,200      $ 233,200      
                                                           ====     ========      ======     ========      =========      
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Installment
                                                            Accumulated        Receivables
                                                           Translation         from Sale of           Treasury 
Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993                Adjustments        Common Stock            Stock              Total
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars in thousands
- --------------------

<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>                    <C>               <C>
BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 1993...........................       $    400             $(6,000)             $(86,700)         $ 590,000
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (626,079 shares).................................                                                                      12,100
  Income tax benefit from stock options exercised
    recognized upon adoption of FAS 109..............                                                                      14,400
  Payment received from officer on installment
    receivables......................................                                600                                      600
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......        (20,800)                                                     (20,800)
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($.245 per share)................................                                                                     (13,700)
  Net loss...........................................                                                                    (138,700)
                                                            --------             -------              --------          ---------

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1993.........................        (20,400)             (5,400)              (86,700)           443,900
  Issuance of preferred stock (177,400) shares.......                                                                     191,500
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (577,991 shares).................................                                                                       8,000
  Income tax benefit from stock
    options exercised................................                                                                       1,100
  Payment received from officer on installment
    receivables......................................                              5,400                                    5,400
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......         12,300                                                       12,300
  Preferred stock dividends..........................                                                                     (14,900)
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($ .08 per share)................................                                                                      (4,500)
  Net income.........................................                                                                      19,200
                                                            --------             -------              --------          ---------

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1994.........................         (8,100)                  0               (86,700)           662,000
  Common stock issued to employees-net
    (329,799 shares).................................                                                      100              5,400
  Income tax benefit from stock
    options exercised................................                                                                       8,200
  Aggregate adjustment resulting from the
    translation of foreign financial statements......         10,400                                                       10,400
  Preferred stock dividends..........................                                                                     (19,500)
  Common stock dividends paid
    ($ .08 per share)................................                                                                      (4,600)
  Net income.........................................                                                                      79,200
                                                            --------             -------              --------          ---------
BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 1995.........................       $  2,300             $     0              $(86,600)         $ 741,100
                                                            ========             =======              ========          =========
</TABLE>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-6
<PAGE>   40
United States Surgical Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             Years Ended December 31,
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In thousands                                                                       1995                1994                1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>                 <C>                 <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Cash received from customers .......................................        $ 1,000,000         $   913,100         $ 1,103,300
   Cash paid to vendors, suppliers, and employees .....................           (784,100)           (749,300)           (941,200)
   Interest paid ......................................................            (17,500)            (24,800)            (18,300)
   Income taxes paid ..................................................            (10,300)            (14,900)            (12,800)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
     Net cash provided by operating activities ........................            188,100             124,100             131,000
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Additions to property, plant, and equipment ........................            (33,600)            (47,000)           (216,400)
   Acquisitions .......................................................            (84,000)
   Other assets .......................................................            (18,100)             13,900             (30,000)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
     Net cash used in investing activities ............................           (135,700)            (33,100)           (246,400)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Long-term debt borrowings under credit agreements ..................          2,407,300           3,483,900           2,614,400
   Long-term debt repayments under credit agreements ..................         (2,445,800)         (3,753,800)         (2,495,900)
   Long-term debt issuance fees .......................................             (1,700)             (3,300)             (1,100)
   Issuance of preferred stock, net ...................................                                191,500
   Common stock issued from stock plans ...............................              5,300              13,400              12,100
   Dividends paid .....................................................            (24,100)            (14,500)            (13,700)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
     Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ..............            (59,000)            (82,800)            115,800
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Effect of exchange rate changes .......................................              5,800               2,200              (2,000)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ..................               (800)             10,400              (1,600)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year ..........................             11,300                 900               2,500
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year ................................        $    10,500         $    11,300         $       900
                                                                               ===========         ===========         ===========

Reconciliation of net income (loss) to net cash provided by
     operating activities:

Net income (loss) .....................................................        $    79,200         $    19,200         $  (138,700)
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
   by operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization ....................................             91,700              89,400              83,200
     Asset writedowns - restructuring .................................                                                     73,800
     Adjustment of property, plant, and equipment reserves ............             18,600              22,300              17,400
     Receivables -- (increase) decrease ...............................            (23,900)             (3,300)             67,800
     Inventories --  (increase) decrease ..............................             (2,600)              7,400             (48,400)
     Adjustment of inventory reserves .................................             26,600              39,200              44,200
     Other current assets-(increase) ..................................            (26,200)            (13,000)            (23,900)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities -- increase (decrease) ..             13,500             (42,500)             34,300
     Income taxes payable and deferred -- increase (decrease) .........              3,100              (2,900)            (24,300)
     Income tax benefit from stock options exercised ..................              8,200               1,100              14,400
     Other assets -- net ..............................................               (100)              7,200              31,200
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
         Total adjustments ............................................            108,900             104,900             269,700
                                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Net cash provided by operating activities .............................        $   188,100         $   124,100         $   131,000
                                                                               ===========         ===========         ===========
</TABLE>


                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-7
<PAGE>   41
                 UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                 NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                 United States Surgical Corporation and Subsidiaries (the
                 Company) is primarily engaged in developing, manufacturing and
                 marketing a proprietary line of technologically advanced
                 surgical wound management products to hospitals throughout the
                 world. The Company currently operates domestically and
                 internationally through subsidiaries, divisions, and
                 distributors.

                      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
                 generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
                 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
                 of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
                 and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
                 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
                 period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                 CONSOLIDATION. The consolidated financial statements include
                 the accounts and transactions of United States Surgical
                 Corporation and Subsidiaries, excluding intercompany accounts
                 and transactions. Certain subsidiaries (including branches),
                 primarily operating outside the United States, are included in
                 the consolidated financial statements on a fiscal-year basis
                 ending November 30.

                 PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT. Depreciation and amortization
                 is provided using the straight-line method over the following
                 estimated useful lives:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Years
                      -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>
                      Buildings ..........................      40
                      Molds and dies .....................    2 to  7
                      Machinery and equipment ............    3 to 10
                      Leasehold improvements .............    3 to 30
</TABLE>

                      The Company capitalizes interest incurred on funds used to
                 construct property, plant, and equipment. Interest capitalized
                 during 1995, 1994 and 1993 was immaterial.

                 INVENTORIES. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
                 (first-in, first-out method) or market.

                 OTHER ASSETS. The Company capitalizes and includes in Other
                 assets the costs of acquiring patents on its products, the
                 costs of computer software developed and used in its
                 information processing systems, goodwill arising from the
                 excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of purchased
                 businesses and deferred start-up costs incurred prior to 1991
                 relating to the Company's entrance in 1991 into the suture
                 portion of the wound management market. Costs of Other assets
                 are amortized on the straight-line basis over the following
                 estimated useful lives:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Years
                      -------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>
                      Patents................................     10
                      Computer software costs................      3
                      Deferred start-up costs................      5
                      Goodwill...............................  10 to 40
</TABLE>

                                                         F-8
<PAGE>   42
                 REVENUE RECOGNITION. Revenues from sales are recognized when
                 products are sold directly by the Company to ultimate
                 consumers, primarily hospitals, or to authorized distributors.

                 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION. For translation of the financial
                 statements of its international operations the Company has
                 determined that the local currencies of its international
                 subsidiaries are the functional currencies. Assets and
                 liabilities of foreign operations are translated at year end
                 exchange rates, and income statement accounts are translated at
                 average exchange rates for the year. The resulting translation
                 adjustments are made directly to the Accumulated Translation
                 Adjustments component of Stockholders' Equity. Foreign currency
                 transactions are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing at
                 the transaction date.

                 NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE. Net income (loss) per
                 common share is based on the weighted average number of common
                 shares and, where material, common share equivalents (stock
                 options) outstanding. Common share equivalents are not included
                 in the computation of net income (loss) per share in 1995, 1994
                 and 1993 since the effect of their inclusion would be
                 antidilutive.

                 NOTE B - RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

                 The Company recorded restructuring charges of approximately $7
                 million in 1995. These restructuring charges related primarily
                 to lease termination and employee severance costs associated
                 with the relocation of one of the Company's largest
                 international subsidiaries as part of the plan to centralize
                 the distribution of the Company's products to its European
                 customers. In addition, severance payments and other charges
                 were incurred in 1995 in relation to the restructuring of the
                 Company's manufacturing plants. The majority of the cash
                 outlays relative to these restructuring charges were made in
                 the third and fourth quarters of 1995 with the remainder of the
                 cash outlays to be made in the subsequent two quarters. The
                 1995 restructuring charges were basically offset by the
                 reversal of restructuring cost estimates in excess of 
                 ultimate costs which were originally recognized in the 
                 Company's 1993 consolidated statements of operations.
                 
                 
                      Accrued liabilities at December 31, 1995 and 1994 included
                 $9 million and $18 million, respectively, which related
                 primarily to severance costs and accrued lease obligations
                 associated with the Company's 1995 and 1993 restructuring
                 charges. The Company has either terminated or bought out the
                 leases of the leased properties and paid substantially all 
                 employee severence costs which were part of the 1993 
                 restructuring charges. The majority of the 1995 accrued
                 termination charges and other restructuring charges will be 
                 liquidated by the end of the second quarter 1996.    
                 



                                       F-9
<PAGE>   43
                 NOTE C - ACQUISITIONS

                 The Company acquired Surgical Dynamics, Inc., (a subsidiary of
                 E-Z-EM, Inc.) a developer, manufacturer, and distributor of
                 surgical devices for use in spinal procedures, in November 1995
                 for $60 million in a cash transaction. The acquisition was
                 accounted for by the purchase method of accounting. Goodwill of
                 approximately $40 million and patents resulting from the
                 acquisition will be amortized on a straight-line basis to
                 operations over 20 years and 10 years, respectively. The
                 Company has made a preliminary allocation of the purchase price
                 based on the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities
                 acquired. As additional information is gained, adjustments to
                 the allocation of the purchase price may occur. Results of
                 operations subsequent to acquisition are included in the
                 Company's consolidated financial statements.

                      The Company completed on September 29, 1995 its 6.1
                 billion Yen (approximately $62 million or a present value of
                 $54 million) purchase acquisition of certain assets and
                 liabilities from the Company's former distributor in Japan. The
                 Company has made a preliminary allocation of the purchase price
                 based on the estimated fair values of assets and liabilities
                 acquired. As additional information is gained, adjustments to
                 the allocation of the purchase price may occur. The Company and
                 the former distributor had agreed that all of the conditions to
                 closing the purchase had either been met or could be met as of
                 April 1, 1995 and, accordingly, had entered into an agency
                 agreement effective April 1, 1995 under which the Company
                 assumed the risks and rewards of selling the Company's products
                 to third parties in Japan and recognized, since April 1, 1995,
                 the former distributor's revenue and selling expenses in the
                 Company's consolidated financial statements relative to the
                 sale of the Company's products in Japan. Approximately $24
                 million was recorded as goodwill and such goodwill will be
                 amortized over 25 years on a straight-line basis.

                      In the third quarter of 1995, the Company acquired through
                 purchase transactions certain assets of an internal stapling
                 business and a 9.5% equity interest in a private
                 biopharmaceutical company which will be accounted for under the
                 cost method. In addition, the Company acquired the exclusive
                 worldwide rights to market transgenic pig organs from the
                 private biopharmaceutical company. These two acquisitions did
                 not currently have a material impact on the Company's
                 consolidated results of operations or financial position.
                      
                      The unaudited consolidated results of operations on a
                 pro-forma basis as though the purchase business combinations
                 noted above, excluding the purchase accounted for under the
                 cost method, had collectively been completed by the Company as 
                 of the beginning of 1995 and 1994 are as follows (dollars in
                 thousands, except per share amounts):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Twelve Months Ended
                                                         December 31,
                                                   ------------------------
                                                      1995          1994
                                                   ----------    ----------

<S>                                                <C>           <C>       
                      Net sales                    $1,058,100    $1,013,600
                      Net income                   $   74,100    $   24,300
                      Net income per common share  $      .96    $      .17
</TABLE>

                      The pro-forma financial information is presented for
                 informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative
                 of the operating results that would have occurred had the
                 acquisitions been consummated as of the above dates, nor are
                 they necessarily indicative of future operating results.



                                      F-10
<PAGE>   44
                      
                 NOTE D - PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT

                      At December 31, 1995 and 1994, Property, plant, and
                 equipment (at cost) was comprised of the following items:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands                                             1995        1994
                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>         <C>      
                 Land ...............................................  $  27,500   $  23,800
                 Buildings ..........................................    170,500     149,600
                 Molds and dies .....................................     92,200     100,500
                 Machinery and equipment ............................    309,200     321,700
                 Leasehold improvements .............................    153,700     155,500
                                                                       ---------   ---------
                                                                         753,100     751,100

                 Less allowance for depreciation and amortization ...   (248,200)   (211,100)
                                                                       ---------   ---------
                                                                       $ 504,900   $ 540,000
                                                                       =========   =========
</TABLE>

                      Property, plant, and equipment includes land and buildings
                 in Elancourt, France with a net book value at December 31, 1995
                 and 1994 of $82 million and $70 million, respectively. During
                 1995 the Company took out of service and removed from its
                 balance sheet property, plant, and equipment which had an
                 original cost of $27 million and was fully depreciated.

                 NOTE E - OTHER ASSETS

                      At December 31, 1995 and 1994 Other assets (net of
                 accumulated amortization of $73 million and $57 million in 1995
                 and 1994, respectively) was comprised of the following items:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands                                1995       1994
                 -------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                        <C>        <C>     
                 Patents and licenses.................     $ 86,500   $ 64,000
                 Goodwill.............................       69,400      5,200
                 Deferred tax assets..................       31,600     11,600
                 Prepaid rent.........................       28,500     19,700
                 Computer software costs..............        7,800      8,300
                 Deferred start-up costs..............            0      4,200
                 Other................................       29,900     11,000
                                                           --------   --------
                                                           $253,700   $124,000
                                                           ========   ========
</TABLE>

                      During 1995 the Company removed from its Balance Sheet
                 fully amortized Other assets with a cost of $24 million.



                                      F-11
<PAGE>   45
                 NOTE F - INCOME TAXES

                      In August 1995, the Company reached agreement with respect
                 to settlement of all issues raised by the Internal Revenue
                 Service (IRS) in its examination of the Company's income tax
                 returns for the years 1984 through 1990. Prior to this
                 resolution, a significant portion of deferred tax assets
                 relating to available net operating loss and tax credit
                 carryforwards had been fully reserved by the Company because of
                 uncertainty over the future utilization of the tax benefits.
                 Based upon current circumstances relative to the IRS audit and
                 the Company's estimate of future domestic taxable income, it
                 now appears more likely than not that a significant portion of
                 such fully reserved assets will be realized in the future. As a
                 result, in the third quarter of 1995 the Company reduced the
                 valuation allowances related to a significant portion of these
                 deferred tax assets by $54.3 million (change in valuation
                 allowances in 1995 was a reduction of $75.6 million), increased
                 its current tax liabilities by $28.6 million for the remaining
                 estimated tax liabilities relating to years subsequent to 1990,
                 decreased tax assets by $7.4 million, recognized a net credit
                 to the tax provision of $10.0 million ($.18 per common share)
                 and recorded a credit to Additional Paid-in Capital (for
                 windfall tax benefits related to net operating losses generated
                 from stock compensation deductions in prior years) of $8.3
                 million.

                      The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
                 of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 - "Accounting for
                 Income Taxes" (FAS 109) in February 1992, and the Company was
                 required to adopt FAS 109 by January 1, 1993. This statement
                 requires that deferred income taxes reflect the tax
                 consequences on future years of differences between the tax
                 return bases of assets and liabilities and their financial
                 statement amounts.

                      Prior to 1993, provisions were made by the Company for
                 deferred income taxes where differences existed between the
                 time that transactions affected taxable income and the time
                 that these transactions entered into the determination of
                 income for financial reporting purposes. The effect of the
                 adoption of FAS 109 on a prospective basis from January 1, 1993
                 was not material.

                      A summary of the source of income (loss) before income
                 taxes follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands              1995          1994         1993
                 -----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>         <C>       
                 Domestic (a) ........    $81,100      $35,600     $ (61,800)
                 Foreign .............      8,700       (2,900)      (75,600)
                                          -------      -------     ---------
                                          $89,800      $32,700     $(137,400)
                                          =======      =======     =========
</TABLE>

                 (a) Includes Puerto Rico and U.S. branches in foreign
                 locations.



                                      F-12
<PAGE>   46
                 A summary of the provision for income taxes follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands                   1995         1994         1993
                 -------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>          <C>          <C>    
                 Current:
                     Federal                               $ 1,700
                     Foreign                  $ 9,700        1,000      $ 4,800
                     State and local (a)        3,900        6,500        4,700

                 Deferred:
                     Federal                   (5,700)        (900)
                     Foreign                    2,300          500       (8,800)
                     State and local (a)          400        4,700          600
                                              -------      -------       ------
                                              $10,600      $13,500      $ 1,300
                                              =======      =======      =======
</TABLE>
                 (a) Includes Puerto Rico

                      A reconciliation between income taxes based on the
                 application of the statutory federal income tax rate (35%) to
                 income (loss) before income taxes and the provision for income
                 taxes as set forth in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
                 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands                               1995       1994      1993
                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>        <C>       <C>     
                 Provision (benefit) for taxes
                     at statutory rates                   $ 31,400   $11,400   $(48,100)
                 Benefit of operating loss carryforward
                     (recognized)/not recognized for
                     U.S. federal or foreign taxes         (16,100)    6,500     63,600
                 Benefit of operating loss and credit
                     carryforward incident to settlement
                     of IRS tax audit                      (10,000)
                 Tax savings from operations
                     in Puerto Rico                         (6,600)   (7,500)   (18,700)
                 State and local income taxes,
                     net of federal income tax
                     benefit                                 2,800       900        800
                 Foreign income taxed at rates
                     different than U.S.
                     statutory rate                          8,200     1,600      1,600

                 Other                                         900       600      2,100
                                                          --------   -------   --------
                                                          $ 10,600   $13,500   $  1,300
                                                          ========   =======   ========
</TABLE>

                      The Company has provided for taxes on the income of its
                 subsidiary's operations in Puerto Rico at an effective rate
                 that is lower than the U.S. federal income tax statutory rate.
                 This rate reflects the fact that approximately 90% of income is
                 exempt from local taxes in Puerto Rico as well as the
                 availability of a tax credit under Section 936 of the Internal
                 Revenue Code. Withholding taxes at a negotiated rate of 8% (7%
                 in 1994 and 6% in 1993) have been provided on the expected
                 repatriation of the income of this subsidiary.



                                      F-13
<PAGE>   47
                      At December 31, 1995 and 1994 deferred tax liabilities and
                 assets under FAS 109 were comprised of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1995        1994
                                                            ---------   ---------

<S>                                                         <C>         <C>       
                      Patent amortization                   $ (14,900)  $ (21,700)
                      Depreciation                            (34,100)    (30,900)
                      Other amortization                       (9,700)       (300)
                      Operating lease                          (9,500)     (8,500)
                      Accrued interest                         (5,500)     (2,200)
                      Other                                    (7,100)     (8,400)
                                                            ---------   ---------
                            Gross deferred tax liabilities    (80,800)    (72,000)
                                                            ---------   ---------

                      Restructuring reserves                   34,800      28,700
                      Inventory reserves                       33,400      32,800
                      Fixed asset reserves                     25,400      25,300
                      Accrued expenses                          9,500       9,500
                      Other                                     9,400      15,700
                      Tax loss and credit carryforwards       143,100     172,300
                                                            ---------   ---------

                            Gross deferred tax assets         255,600     284,300
                      Less:  Valuation allowance             (129,000)   (204,600)
                                                            ---------   ---------
                                                              126,600      79,700

                      Net deferred tax assets               $  45,800   $   7,700
                                                            =========   =========
</TABLE>

                      Deferred taxes resulted from temporary differences in the
                 recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial
                 statement purposes. The sources of the temporary differences
                 are: the use of accelerated methods of computing depreciation
                 for income tax purposes and the straight-line method for
                 financial reporting purposes; expensing certain patent costs as
                 incurred for income tax purposes and capitalizing and
                 amortizing them over their estimated useful lives for financial
                 reporting purposes; expensing certain deferred start-up costs
                 for income tax purposes and deferring and amortizing such costs
                 over a five year period for financial reporting purposes; and
                 other temporary differences applicable to current assets and
                 liabilities.

                      At December 31, 1995 current deferred tax assets of $23
                 million and non-current deferred tax assets of $32 million were
                 included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet captions Other
                 current assets and Other assets, respectively. Current deferred
                 tax liabilities of $1 million and non-current deferred tax
                 liabilities of $8 million were included in the Consolidated
                 Balance Sheet captions Income taxes payable and Deferred income
                 taxes, respectively.

                      The Company's loss carryforwards prior to 1993 are
                 primarily attributable to compensation expense deductions on
                 its income tax return which were not recognized for financial
                 accounting purposes. A valuation allowance in the amount of
                 $129 million has been recorded as of December 31, 1995 because
                 of the uncertainty over the future utilization of the tax
                 benefit of its gross deferred tax assets. As of January 1,
                 1995, the valuation allowance was $205 million.



                                      F-14
<PAGE>   48
                      At December 31, 1995 the Company's consolidated
                 subsidiaries have unremitted earnings of $119 million on which
                 the Company has not accrued a provision for federal income
                 taxes since these earnings are considered to be permanently
                 invested. The amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability
                 relating to unremitted earnings was approximately $31 million
                 at December 31, 1995.

                      The Company has available for U.S. Federal income tax
                 return purposes the following net operating loss and tax credit
                 carryforwards:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     NET     INVESTMENT  RESEARCH
                                                  OPERATING     TAX      AND OTHER
                 IN THOUSANDS                      LOSSES     CREDITS     CREDITS
                 -----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>         <C>    
                 YEAR SCHEDULED TO EXPIRE:
                 1996........................                  $1,400
                 1997........................                   1,400
                 1998........................                   1,300     $   200
                 1999........................                     900         100
                 2000........................                     900         300
                 2001........................                     500         500
                 2002........................                                 700
                 2003........................                                 800
                 2004........................                                 500
                 2005........................                               1,800
                 2006........................     $ 28,100                  3,000
                 2007........................      133,600                  6,500
                 2008........................       39,800                  2,800
                 2009........................       14,400
                 2010 .......................
                                                  --------     ------     -------
                                                  $215,900     $6,400     $17,200
                                                  ========     ======     =======
</TABLE>

                      In addition, the Company has available for state and
                 foreign income tax return purposes net operating loss
                 carryforwards of $142 million and $115 million, respectively,
                 and tax credits of $3.5 million, which expire at various dates.

                      The exercise of stock options which have been granted
                 under the Company's various stock option plans and the vesting
                 of restricted stock give rise to compensation which is
                 includable in the taxable income of the applicable employees
                 and deductible by the Company for federal and state income tax
                 purposes. Such compensation results from increases in the fair
                 market value of the Company's Common Stock subsequent to the
                 date of grant of the applicable exercised stock options and
                 restricted stock and, accordingly, in accordance with
                 Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, such compensation
                 is not recognized as an expense for financial accounting
                 purposes and the related tax benefits are taken directly to
                 Additional Paid-in Capital. In the years ended December 31,
                 1990 - 1992 such deductions resulted in significant federal and
                 state deductions which may be carried forward. Utilization of
                 such deductions will increase Additional Paid-in Capital. The
                 compensation deductions arising from the exercise of stock
                 options were not material in 1993, 1994 and 1995.



                                      F-15
<PAGE>   49
                      With respect to the U.S. federal net operating loss and
                 credit carryforwards set forth above, the Company estimates
                 that if such carryforwards are ultimately recognizable, the
                 remainder of such tax assets would result in increases to
                 Additional Paid-in Capital of up to approximately $64 million
                 and a reduction of the tax provision up to approximately $9
                 million.

                 NOTE G - ACCRUED LIABILITIES

                 Included in Accrued liabilities at December 31, 1995 are
                 accrued payroll, property and sales taxes $17 million (1994 -
                 $15 million), accrued commissions $16 million (1994 - $12
                 million), accrued restructuring charges $9 million (1994 - $18
                 million) and accrued inventory repurchase $0 million (1994 -
                 $17 million).

                 NOTE H - LONG-TERM DEBT

                 At December 31, 1995 the Company's long term debt consisted of
                 $124 million in bank borrowings, $93 million in financing lease
                 obligations outstanding relating to its European headquarters
                 office building and distribution center complex in Elancourt,
                 France, and $40 million of notes payable outstanding to its
                 former Japanese distributor which arose as part of the
                 Company's acquisition of certain assets from the former
                 Japanese distributor.

                      During December 1995, the Company entered into a new five
                 year, $325 million syndicated credit agreement which replaced
                 its previous $350 million revolving credit facility which was
                 scheduled to mature in January 1997. The new syndicated credit
                 facility provides the Company with a choice of interest rates
                 based upon the banks' CD rate, prime rate or the London
                 Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) for US dollar borrowings and
                 Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (TIBOR) for yen borrowings. The
                 actual interest charges paid by the Company are determined by a
                 pricing schedule which considers the ratio of consolidated debt
                 at each calendar quarter end to consolidated earnings before
                 interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for the trailing
                 twelve months. The effective interest rate on long-term bank
                 debt outstanding as of December 31, 1995 and 1994 was 7.4% and
                 7.7%, respectively.

                      The new credit agreement and the Company's operating lease
                 for its primary domestic manufacturing, distribution and
                 warehousing complex in North Haven, Connecticut, provide for
                 certain restrictions including sales of assets, capital
                 expenditures, dividends and subsidiary debt. The most
                 restrictive covenants of the Company's financing agreements
                 require the maintenance of certain minimum levels of tangible
                 net worth, fixed charges coverage and a maximum ratio of total
                 debt to total capitalization, as defined. The Company is
                 prohibited from declaring dividends on its common stock in
                 excess of 20% of net income, subject to changes in the number
                 of common shares outstanding, until it achieves investment
                 grade status, as defined. During 1995, the Company entered into
                 uncommitted Japanese Yen credit agreements with two Japanese
                 banks for a total of 3 billion Yen (approximately $30 million)
                 in order to enhance liquidity for its Japanese subsidiary.
                 Additionally, the Company had $50 million of uncommitted credit
                 agreements with three other banks. The uncommitted credit
                 agreements



                                      F-16
<PAGE>   50
                 are short term in nature. Borrowings of 800 million Yen ($7.7
                 million) and $21 million were outstanding and included in
                 long-term debt as of December 31, 1995. Such borrowings have
                 been categorized as long-term debt as such borrowings will be
                 refinanced under the Company's five-year bank credit agreement.
                 The Company is in full compliance with all of the covenants
                 associated with its various financing agreements.

                      The Company's French franc denominated financing lease
                 requires principal amortization in varying amounts over the
                 remaining thirteen year term of the lease with a balloon
                 payment of approximately 42 million French franc ($8 million)
                 at the end of the lease. Interest is payable at a rate
                 approximately 1.4% above (Paris Interbank Offered Rate) PIBOR.
                 After considering the effects of an interest rate swap
                 agreement, the effective interest rate on the financing lease
                 debt was approximately 8.05% and 7.9% at December 31, 1995 and
                 1994, respectively.

                      The Company's yen-denominated note payable are
                 non-interest bearing and repayable annually in amounts based
                 upon the higher of 350 million yen or 8% of the landed value of
                 products shipped to the Company's subsidiary in Japan. In any
                 event, any notes payable still outstanding on December 31, 2001
                 must be repaid on that date. The Company has calculated the
                 present value of these notes using a discount rate of 4% and
                 the estimated value of products expected to be shipped to its
                 subsidiary over the next six years. Based upon these
                 assumptions, the Company estimates that the present value of
                 the final payment on December 31, 2001 will be approximately
                 $15 million.

                      At December 31, 1995, the scheduled principal repayments
                 under loan agreements and future minimum payments under a
                 financing lease and note payable were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Bank
                                            Credit    Financing   Note
                 In thousands             Facilities    Lease    Payable      Total
                 ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>     
                 1996..................               $  9,400   $ 2,800   $ 12,200
                 1997..................                  9,400     2,400     11,800
                 1998..................                  9,500     4,300     13,800
                 1999..................                 10,900     5,000     15,900
                 2000..................                 11,600     5,900     17,500
                 After 2000............    $123,700    119,500    21,900    265,100
                                           --------   --------   -------   --------
                                            123,700    170,300    42,300    336,300
                 Current portion        
                 long-term debt and     
                 note payable..........                 (1,400)   (2,800)    (4,200)
                 Amount representing    
                 interest..............                (75,600)             (75,600)
                                           --------   --------   -------   --------
                 Long-term debt........    $123,700   $ 93,300   $39,500   $256,500
                                           ========   ========   =======   ========
</TABLE>




                                      F-17
<PAGE>   51
                 NOTE I - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                 On March 28, 1994 the Company issued approximately $200 million
                 of 9.76% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (convertible into
                 a maximum of approximately 8.9 million shares or a minimum of
                 approximately 8.5 million shares of the Company's Common
                 Stock), par value $5 per share, in an offering exempt from the
                 registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
                 amended. Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Stock are
                 cumulative at the annual rate of $110 per share, payable
                 quarterly in arrears commencing July 1, 1994. On April 1, 1998
                 each share of Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding will
                 automatically convert into 50 shares of Common Stock of the
                 Company, and prior to this date it may be converted into 47.65
                 shares of Common Stock at any time at the option of the holder.
                 The Company may redeem the Convertible Preferred Stock at any
                 time after April 1, 1997 for a maximum of 50 shares of Common
                 Stock together with an additional cash dividend of up to $27.50
                 per share with the additional cash dividend declining ratably
                 after April 1, 1997 to $0 by March 1, 1998. The Preferred Stock
                 trades principally as depositary receipts, each representing a
                 one-fiftieth interest in a share of Preferred Stock. The
                 proceeds from the sale of Preferred Stock were used to reduce
                 bank indebtedness.

                      The Company had 57,165,938 and 56,836,139 shares of its
                 $.10 par value Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 1995
                 and 1994, respectively. In the past, the Company announced
                 programs to repurchase up to a total of 9,200,000 shares of its
                 outstanding Common Stock. As of December 31, 1995, a total of
                 8,712,537 shares had been acquired at a total cost of $89.3
                 million. No treasury shares had been acquired in 1994 and 1995.
                 Acquired shares are being held as treasury shares, the majority
                 of which are reserved for issuance upon conversion of the
                 Company's Preferred Stock.

                      Shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance in
                 connection with restricted stock awards, stock option plans and
                 employee stock purchase plans amounted to 17,303,361 and
                 17,631,774 at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The
                 Compensation/Option Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of
                 Directors is responsible for administering the Company's stock
                 plans.

                      The Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (the "Incentive Plan")
                 provides for grants to key employees of the Company's Common
                 Stock in the maximum aggregate amount of 5,000,000 shares. As
                 of December 31, 1995, 3,839,740 shares were issued and vested
                 under the Incentive Plan and 142,160 shares were cancelled.
                 There were no restricted stock grants during the three-year
                 period ended December 31, 1995.

                      The 1990 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "1990 Option
                 Plan") provides for grants to key employees and certain key
                 consultants of options and stock appreciation rights for up to
                 11,000,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at the per
                 share market price at the date of grant unless the Committee
                 determines otherwise. As of December 31, 1995, no stock
                 appreciation rights have been granted. Subject to a maximum
                 exercise period of fifteen years, the exercise period of awards
                 under the 1990 Option Plan will be as determined by the
                 Committee.



                                      F-18
<PAGE>   52
                      The 1993 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "1993 Option
                 Plan") provides for grants to key employees (excluding
                 executive officers) of options and stock appreciation rights
                 for up to 3,500,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock at the
                 per share market price at the date of grant unless the
                 Committee deems otherwise. As of December 31, 1995 no stock
                 appreciation rights have been granted. Subject to a maximum
                 exercise period of fifteen years, the exercise period of awards
                 under the 1993 Option Plan will be as determined by the
                 Committee.

                      The Service-Based Stock Option Plan (the "Service Option
                 Plan") provides for grants of options for up to 1,144,132
                 shares of the Company's Common Stock at the per share market
                 price at the date of grant to individuals employed by the
                 Company who are within an eligible category. Options under the
                 Service Option Plan are awarded for a fixed number of shares of
                 Common Stock based solely upon the eligible recipient's years
                 of service within the eligible category, and are exercisable
                 for a period of up to ten years.

                      The Outside Directors Stock Plan provides for an aggregate
                 maximum of up to 160,000 shares of Common Stock to be issued
                 under restricted stock awards and option grants to certain
                 non-employee members of the Board of Directors. At December 31,
                 1995 and 1994, restricted stock awards and option grants for
                 134,000 shares and 112,000 shares, respectively, had been
                 granted under the Outside Directors Stock Plan. As of December
                 31, 1995 and 1994, 26,000 and 48,000 shares, respectively, are
                 reserved for future issuance under the Outside Directors Stock
                 Plan.

                      A summary of stock option transactions under the employee
                 option plans and the Outside Directors Stock Plan for each of
                 the three years in the period ended December 31, 1995 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      NUMBER                 OPTION
                                                     OF SHARES             PRICE RANGE
                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                  <C>                <C>              
                 OUTSTANDING JANUARY 1, 1993.....    10,853,606         $ 3.28  - $114.13
                   Granted.......................     1,977,081          23.06  -   69.75
                   Exercised.....................      (245,055)          3.28  -   58.19
                   Canceled or lapsed............    (1,080,079)         19.75  -  114.13
                                                     ----------

                 OUTSTANDING DECEMBER 31, 1993...    11,505,553           3.58  -  114.13
                   Granted.......................     2,287,869          20.50  -   22.55
                   Exercised.....................      (347,487)          3.58  -   22.69
                   Canceled or lapsed............      (713,319)          7.50  -  114.13
                                                     ----------

                 OUTSTANDING DECEMBER 31, 1994...    12,732,616           4.97  -  111.94
                   Granted.......................     1,570,525          20.50  -   26.06
                   Exercised.....................      (157,195)          4.97  -   23.25
                   Canceled or lapsed............      (433,049)          7.50  -  103.69
                                                     ----------

                 OUTSTANDING DECEMBER 31, 1995...    13,712,897           5.13  -  111.94
                                                     ==========

                 At December 31, 1995:
                   Exercisable...................     9,531,754           5.13  -  111.94
                                                     ==========
</TABLE>

                                      F-19
<PAGE>   53
                      Under the USSC Employees 1979 Stock Purchase Plan (the
                 "1979 Purchase Plan") and the 1994 Employees Stock Purchase
                 Plan (the "1994 Purchase Plan"), all eligible employees may
                 authorize payroll deductions of up to 10% of their base
                 earnings, as defined, to purchase shares of the Company's
                 Common Stock at 85% of the market price when such deductions
                 are made. There are no charges or credits to income in
                 connection with the Purchase Plan. The plans will continue in
                 effect as long as shares authorized under the Purchase Plan
                 remain available for issuance thereunder. The Company has
                 reserved 2,400,000 shares of its Common Stock for issuance
                 under the 1979 Purchase Plan, of which 137,811 shares are
                 available for future issuance, and it has reserved 650,000
                 shares of its Common Stock for issuance under the 1994 Purchase
                 Plan, of which 390,185 are available for future issuance, at
                 December 31, 1995.

                 NOTE J - SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION

                 The Company develops, manufactures and markets wound management
                 products which constitute a single business segment. The
                 following information sets forth geographic information with
                 respect to the Company's net sales, operating profits and
                 identifiable assets.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 In thousands                               1995              1994             1993
                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>               <C>              <C>       
                 NET SALES:
                   United States.....................    $  828,500        $  775,000       $  895,500
                   International (1).................
                          Europe.....................       357,300           314,700          313,800
                          Japan......................        63,900                 0                0
                          Other......................        30,500            27,400           27,200
                   Inter-area transfers eliminated...      (257,900)         (198,400)        (199,300)
                                                         ----------        ----------       ----------
                                                         $1,022,300        $  918,700       $1,037,200
                                                         ==========        ==========       ==========

                 OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS):
                   United States ....................    $  121,100        $   71,200       $   30,500
                   International ....................
                          Europe.....................        84,600            66,300          (63,000)
                          Japan......................         6,200                 0                0
                          Other......................         5,300             4,500           (2,600)
                   Profit on inter-area transfers
                     eliminated......................      (106,700)          (91,100)         (83,800)
                                                         ----------        ----------       ----------
                                                         $  110,500        $   50,900       $ (118,900)
                                                         ==========        ==========       ==========

                 IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS AT
                   DECEMBER 31:
                   United States.....................    $  867,900        $  807,500       $  877,100
                   International ....................
                          Europe.....................       349,400           302,800          299,200
                          Japan......................        64,300                 0                0
                          Other......................        10,400             5,800            5,700
                   Inter-area assets eliminated......       (26,500)          (12,600)         (11,500)
                                                         ----------        ----------       ----------
                                                         $1,265,500        $1,103,500       $1,170,500
                                                         ==========        ==========       ==========
</TABLE>

                 (1) Does not include sales made primarily to international
                     distributors (1995 - $50,200, 1994 - $84,800 and 1993 -
                     $69,600) from a location in the United States. The
                     combination of sales to international distributors and
                     international sales above approximate 49% in 1995, 46% in
                     1994 and 40% in 1993 of consolidated sales, respectively.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>   54
                 NOTE K - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

                 The Company is engaged in litigation as a defendant in cases
                 involving alleged patent infringement, product liability claims
                 and a consolidated shareholders' class action suit (see Item
                 3). In the opinion of management, based upon advice of counsel,
                 the ultimate outcome of these lawsuits should not have a
                 material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
                 statements.

                      The Company is committed to certain undertakings,
                 including the maintenance of specified levels of employment and
                 capitalization for its Puerto Rican subsidiary.

                      The future minimum rental commitments for building space,
                 leasehold improvements, data processing and automotive
                 equipment for all operating leases as of December 31, 1995,
                 were as follows: 1996 - $61 million; 1997 - $76 million; 1998 -
                 $88 million; 1999 - $67 million; 2000 - $64 million; after 2000
                 - $197 million. Rent expense was $33 million, $31 million and
                 $34 million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The Company's
                 North Haven lease agreement includes contingent rent provisions
                 based on formulas utilizing the consumer price index. The
                 Company's North Haven facilities are leased from a trust, of
                 which the original developer (the "Owner Participant") holds
                 the beneficial interest. The Owner Participant has the right to
                 require the Company or the Company's designee to purchase the
                 Owner Participant's beneficial interest. This right cannot be
                 exercised by the Owner Participant until January 1998 and
                 continues for a period of four years thereafter. The Company's
                 obligation, if the right is exercised, would be to take title
                 to the beneficial interest in the trust, or find another
                 investor, suitable to the noteholders who financed these
                 facilities, to take such title. In either case the Company's
                 obligations as lessee under the lease would not change. The
                 Company would be obligated, whether or not the right is
                 exercised, to make payments called for under the existing lease
                 of approximately $57 million annually through the year 2002, a
                 payment of $28 million in January 2003 and nominal annual
                 payments of $100,000 through 2022. In addition, the Company may
                 be obligated to make an additional payment of approximately 
                 $19 million if the right is exercised which could be payable 
                 as early as January 1998, or ratably throughout the remaining 
                 term of the lease. The foregoing amounts in the preceding two 
                 sentences represent cash flow impacts whereas rent expense 
                 would aggregate less than $20 million per year.

                 NOTE L - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND OFF BALANCE SHEET RISK

                 DERIVATIVES
                 The Company has only limited involvement with derivative
                 financial instruments and does not use them for trading
                 purposes. They are used to manage well-defined interest rate
                 and foreign exchange rate risks.



                                      F-21
<PAGE>   55
                      The Company enters into contracts to reduce its exposure
                 to and risk from foreign currency exchange rate changes and
                 interest rate fluctuations in the regular course of the
                 Company's global business. As of December 31, 1995, the Company
                 had approximately $25 million of foreign currency exchange
                 contracts outstanding that will mature at various dates through
                 February 1996. Realized and unrealized foreign currency gains
                 and losses with respect to such contracts are recognized when
                 incurred and amounted to gains of $.6 million in 1995 and
                 losses of $4 million and $1 million in 1994 and 1993,
                 respectively.

                      The Company has swapped with certain banks its exposure to
                 floating interest rates on $50 million of its variable rate
                 U.S. dollar debt and 200 million ($37 million) of variable rate
                 French franc debt. These swap agreements expire August 1996 for
                 the U.S. dollar debt and December 1997 for the French franc
                 debt. The Company makes fixed interest payments at rates of
                 approximately 7.8% for the U.S. dollar swap and 8.1% for the
                 French franc swap and receives payments based on the floating
                 six-month LIBOR and three-month PIBOR, respectively. The net
                 gain or loss from the exchange of interest rate payments, which
                 is immaterial, is included in interest expense. Based upon the
                 fair value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements at
                 December 31, 1995, termination of such agreements would require
                 a payment by the Company of approximately $3.3 million dollars.
                 The Company does not currently intend to terminate its interest
                 rate swap agreements prior to their expiration dates.

                 CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK
                 The Company invests its excess cash in both deposits with major
                 banks throughout the world and other high quality short-term
                 liquid money market instruments (commercial paper, bank CDs,
                 government and government agency notes and bills, etc.). The
                 Company has a policy of making investments only with
                 institutions that have at least an "A" (or equivalent) credit
                 rating from a national rating agency. The investments generally
                 mature within six months but certain investments in bank CDs
                 mature within five years. The Company has not incurred losses
                 related to these investments.

                      The Company sells products in the surgical wound
                 management field in most countries of the world. Concentrations
                 of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited
                 due to the large number of customers comprising the Company's
                 customer base. Ongoing credit evaluations of customers'
                 financial condition are performed and, generally, no collateral
                 is required. In certain European countries the Company's
                 receivables are not paid until the customers receive
                 governmental reimbursement for their purchases. The Company has
                 not encountered difficulty in ultimately collecting accounts
                 receivable in these countries. The Company maintains reserves
                 for potential credit losses and such losses, in the aggregate,
                 have not significantly exceeded management's estimates.

                 DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates
                 fair value due to the short-term maturities of these
                 instruments. The fair value of certificates of deposit,
                 long-term debt and foreign interest rate swap agreements were
                 estimated based on quotes obtained from brokers for those or
                 similar instruments. The fair value of interest rate swap
                 contracts were estimated based on quoted market prices at
                 year-end.


                                      F-22
<PAGE>   56
                      The estimated fair value of the Company's financial
                 instruments are as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           December 31
                                                          ---------------------------------------------
                                                                  1995                     1994
                                                          --------------------     --------------------

                                                          Carrying     Fair        Carrying     Fair
                                                           Amount      Value        Amount      Value
                                                           ------      -----        ------      -----
<S>              (In thousands)                           <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>     
                 Cash, cash equivalents and
                    certificates of deposit.........      $ 31,800    $ 32,600     $ 20,600    $ 20,400
                 Long-term debt ....................       256,500     256,500      248,500     248,500
                 Interest rate swaps
                    payable-net.....................           500       3,800          400         900
</TABLE>

                 The Company believes that the other parties to the foreign
                 exchange contracts and interest rate swaps have the ability to
                 perform under the contracts and swaps.

                 NOTE M - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

                 The Company has purchased certain assets from its former
                 Japanese distributor for approximately 6.1 billion Yen ($62
                 million or a present value of $53.5 million). In conjunction
                 with this purchase a long-term payable was recorded as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                   <C>   
                      Fair Value of net assets acquired                               $ 53.5
                      
                      Cash paid through December 31, 1995                              (11.2)
                                                                                      ------
                      
                      Present value of non-interest bearing notes
                             payable to former distributor over six years             $ 42.3
                                                                                      ======
</TABLE>         

                 NOTE N - ADOPTION OF NEW ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES

                 ADOPTION OF FAS 116.  In 1995, the Company adopted Statement of
                 Financial Accounting Standards No. 116 "Accounting for
                 Contributions Received and Contributions Made" (FAS 116). The
                 effect of the adoption of FAS 116 was not material.

                 ADOPTION OF FAS 121.  In 1995, the Company adopted Statement of
                 Financial Accounting Standards No. 121 "Accounting for the
                 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be
                 Disposed Of" (FAS 121). In accordance with FAS 121, the Company
                 evaluates the carrying value of its long lived assets and
                 identifiable intangibles, including goodwill, when events or
                 changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
                 such assets may not be recoverable. The effect of the adoption
                 of FAS 121 was not material.

                 ADOPTION OF FAS 123.  The Company will adopt the provisions of
                 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 "Accounting
                 for Stock-Based Compensation" (FAS 123) in the first quarter of
                 1996. The Company, as provided for by FAS 123, will continue to
                 apply Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting
                 for Stock Issued to Employees" for employee stock compensation
                 measurement. The anticipated effect of adopting this new
                 standard is not expected to have a material effect on the
                 Company's consolidated financial position or results of
                 operations.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>   57
                                                                     SCHEDULE II


               UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               COLUMN A                                       COLUMN B            COLUMN C           COLUMN D          COLUMN E


                                                              BALANCE AT         CHARGED TO                           BALANCE AT
                                                              BEGINNING          COSTS AND                              END OF
              DESCRIPTION                                     OF PERIOD           EXPENSES          DEDUCTIONS          PERIOD
              -----------                                     ---------           --------          ----------          ------

<S>                                                           <C>                <C>                <C>               <C>    
In thousands 
Year ended December 31, 1995:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts                           $ 7,300            $ 1,300           $   400(A)         $ 8,200
     Reserve for inventory valuation                            60,900             26,600            13,400(B)          74,100
     Reserve for fixed assets valuation                         59,300             18,600             3,100(C)          74,800
                                                                                 
Year ended December 31, 1994:                                                    
     Allowance for doubtful accounts                           $ 5,000            $ 2,400           $   100(A)         $ 7,300
     Reserve for inventory valuation                            48,700             39,200            27,000(B)          60,900
     Reserve for fixed assets valuation                         40,100             22,300             3,100(C)          59,300
                                                                                 
Year ended December 31, 1993:                                                    
     Allowance for doubtful accounts                           $ 3,500            $ 1,700           $   200(A)         $ 5,000
     Reserve for inventory valuation                            25,900             44,200            21,400(B)          48,700
     Reserve for fixed assets valuation                         24,400             17,400             1,700(C)          40,100
</TABLE>




(A)  Represents amounts written off. Normal recurring credits and returns are
     charged against sales.

(B)  Represents disposition of inventory which has been superseded by a new
     generation of products.

(C)  Represents disposition of fixed assets.



                                       S-1
<PAGE>   58
                               EXHIBIT INDEX
                              ---------------

           (3)   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS.

                 (a)          Certificate of Incorporation filed March 14, 1990
                              - Exhibit 3(a) to registrant's Form 8-B declared
                              effective August 3, 1990.*

                 (b)          Certificate of Merger filed May 1, 1990 - Exhibit
                              3(b) to registrant's Form 8- B declared effective
                              August 3, 1990.*

                 (c)          Certificate of Amendment filed May 15, 1991 -
                              Exhibit 3(c) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1991.*

                 (d)          By-laws, as amended January 30, 1996. Filed
                              Herewith.

                 (e)          Certificate of Designations relating to the
                              issuance of the Company's Series A Convertible
                              Preferred Stock, filed March 28, 1994. Exhibit
                              3(e) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

           (4)   INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING 
                 INDENTURES.

                 (a)          Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995
                              among registrant, signatory banks, Morgan Guaranty
                              Trust Company of New York as Documentation Agent,
                              NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and
                              The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative Agent.
                              Filed Herewith.

           (10)  MATERIAL CONTRACTS.

                 (a)          1981 Employee Stock Option Plan. Exhibit 10(a)(1)
                              to registrant's Form 10-K for 1987. * +

                 (b)          1990 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed herewith. +

                 (c)          1993 Employee Stock Option Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed herewith. +

                 (d)          Restricted Stock Incentive Plan, as amended
                              through February 7, 1995. Filed Herewith. +

                 (e)          Installment Option Purchase Agreement with Leon C.
                              Hirsch dated September 10, 1984, as amended
                              through May 18, 1994. Exhibit 10 (j) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1994.+

                 (f)          Outside Directors Stock Plan - Exhibit 10(a)(4) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1988.* +

                 (g)          Amendment to Outside Directors Stock Plan adopted
                              May 1, 1990 - Exhibit 10(j) to registrant's Form
                              10-K for 1990.* +

                 (h)          Long-Term Incentive Plan - Exhibit 10(a)(5) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1988.* +


                 (i)          Lease Agreement dated as of January 14, 1993
                              between State Street Bank and Trust Company of
                              Connecticut, National Association, as Lessor and
                              the registrant, as Lessee - Exhibit 10(o) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1992.*

                 (j)          Participation Agreement dated as of January 14,
                              1993 among registrant, Lessee, Baker Properties
                              Limited Partnership, Owner Participant, The Note
                              Purchasers listed in Schedule 1 thereto, State
                              Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut,
                              National Association, Owner Trustee, and Shawmut
                              Bank Connecticut, N.A., Indenture Trustee -
                              Exhibit 10(p) to registrant's Form 10-K for 1992.*

                 (k)          Lease and financing agreements dated January 4,
                              1994 between registrant's French subsidiary,
                              A.S.E. Partners, and (i) the Corporation for the
                              Financing of Commercial Buildings ("FINABAIL") and
                              (ii) the Association for the Financing of
                              Commercial Buildings ("U.I.S.") - Exhibit 10(r) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

                 (l)          Lease and financing agreement dated December 26,
                              1991 between registrant's subsidiary, U.S.S.C.
                              Puerto Rico, Inc., and The Puerto Rico Industrial
                              Development Company ("PRIDCO") - Exhibit 10(s) to
                              registrant's Form 10-K for 1993.*

                 (m)          Agreement between Howard M. Rosenkrantz and the
                              registrant dated January 30, 1996. Filed
                              herewith.+

           (12)               Statement of Computation of Ratio of Earnings to 
                              Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock 
                              Dividends. Filed herewith.

           (21)               Subsidiaries of the registrant. Filed herewith.

           (27)               Financial Data Schedule. Filed herewith.

*  Previously filed as indicated and incorporated herein by reference. Exhibits
   incorporated by reference are located in SEC File No. 1-9776.

+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
   as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of this report.

   
                                      
                                      




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.D
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>BY-LAWS, AS AMENDED JANUARY 30, 1996
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                  Exhibit 3(d)
                                                                  ------------
                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                                     BY-LAWS

                   (As amended and restated January 30, 1996)

                                    ARTICLE I

                            MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

         SECTION 1.1 Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of the stockholders for
the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as
properly may come before such meeting shall be held each year on such date, and
at such time and place within or without the State of Delaware, as may be
designated by the Board of Directors. Notice of any nominations of persons for
election to the Board of Directors or of any other business to be brought before
an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder must be provided in writing
to the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the
sixtieth (60th) day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred
and twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of the meeting. Such stockholder's
notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to
nominate for election as a director all information relating to such person that
is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of
directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including, as applicable,
such person's written consent to being named in the Proxy Statement as a nominee
and to serving as a director if elected), and evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company that such nominee has no interests that would limit their ability
to fulfill their duties of office; (b) as to any other business that the
stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the
business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting
such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such
stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is
made; and (c) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and
address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of
such beneficial owner and (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation
that are owned beneficially and held of record by such stockholder and such
beneficial owner.

         SECTION 1.2 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders for
any proper purpose or purposes may be called at any time only by the Board of
Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or any Vice President, to be
held on such date, and at such time and place within or without the State of
Delaware, as the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President or
any Vice President, whichever has called the meeting, shall direct.

         SECTION 1.3 Notice of Meeting. Written notice, signed by the Chairman
of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary, of every meeting of stockholders stating the date and time when, and
the place where, such meeting is to be held, shall be delivered either
personally or by mail to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not
less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of such meeting, except
as otherwise provided by law. The purpose or purposes for which such meeting is
called may, in the case of an annual meeting, and shall, in the case of a
special meeting, also be stated in such notice. If mailed, such notice shall be
directed to a stockholder at such stockholder's address as it shall appear on
the stock books of the Corporation, unless such stockholder shall have filed
with the Secretary a written request that notices intended for such stockholder
be mailed to some other address, in which case it shall be mailed to the address
designated in such request. Whenever any notice is required to be given under
the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, a waiver thereof, signed by the
stockholder entitled to such notice, whether before or after the 


<PAGE>   2
time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a
stockholder at the meeting shall be deemed equivalent to a written waiver of
notice of such meeting.

         SECTION l.4 Quorum. The presence at any meeting of stockholders, in
person or by proxy, of the holders of record of a majority of the shares then
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote shall be necessary and sufficient to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as otherwise
provided by law.

         SECTION 1.5 Adjournments. In the absence of a quorum, a majority in
interest of the stockholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy,
or, if no stockholder entitled to vote is present in person or by proxy, any
officer entitled to preside at or act as secretary of a meeting of stockholders,
may adjourn such meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present.

         SECTION 1.6 Voting. Directors shall be chosen by a plurality of the
votes cast at the election, and, except as otherwise provided by law or by the
Certificate of Incorporation, all other questions shall be determined by a
majority of the votes cast on such question. No share shall be entitled to vote
if any installment payable thereon to the Corporation is overdue and unpaid.

         SECTION 1.7 Proxies. Any stockholder entitled to vote may vote by
proxy, provided that the instrument authorizing such proxy to act shall have
been executed in writing (which shall include telegraphing or cabling) by the
stockholder himself or by such stockholder's duly authorized attorney.

         SECTION 1.8 Judges of Election. The Board of Directors may appoint
judges of election to serve at any election of directors and at balloting on any
other matter that may properly come before a meeting of stockholders. If no such
appointment shall be made, or if any of the judges so appointed shall fail to
attend, or refuse or be unable to serve, then such appointment may be made by
the presiding officer at the meeting.

                                   ARTICLE II

                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         SECTION 2.1 Number. The number of directors which shall constitute the
whole Board of Directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the
Board of Directors or stockholders (any such resolution of either the Board of
Directors or stockholders being subject to any later resolution of either of
them).

         SECTION 2.2 Election and Term of Office. Directors shall be elected at
the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2.3. Each
director (whether elected at an annual meeting or to fill a vacancy or
otherwise) shall continue in office until such Director's successor shall have
been elected and qualified or until such Director's earlier death, resignation
or removal in the manner hereinafter provided.

         SECTION 2.3 Vacancies and Additional Directorships. If any vacancy
shall occur among the directors by reason of death, resignation or removal, or
as the result of an increase in the number of directorships, a majority of the
directors then in office, or a sole remaining director, though less than a
quorum, may fill any such vacancy.

         SECTION 2.4 Regular Meetings. The Board of Directors by resolution may
provide for the holding of regular meetings and may fix the times and places at
which such meetings shall be held. Notice of regular meetings shall not be
required to be given, provided that whenever the time or place of regular
meetings shall be fixed or changed, notice of such action shall be mailed
promptly to each 


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
director who shall not have been present at the meeting at which such action was
taken, addressed to such Director at such Director's residence or usual place of
business.

         SECTION 2.5 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or by any
committee with such authority by vote at a meeting, or by the Chairman of the
Board or the President or by a majority of the Directors or a majority of the
members of such committee in writing with or without a meeting. Except as
otherwise required by law, notice of each special meeting shall be mailed to
each director, addressed to such director at such director's residence or usual
place of business, at least two days before the day on which the meeting is to
be held, or shall be sent to such director at such place by telex, facsimile
transmission, telegram, radio or cable, or telephoned or delivered to him
personally, not later than the day before the day on which the meeting is to be
held. Such notice shall state the time and place of such meeting, but need not
state the purposes thereof, unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of
Incorporation or these By-laws.

         SECTION 2.6 Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be
given under the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, a waiver thereof,
signed by the director entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time
stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a director at
a meeting shall be deemed equivalent to a written waiver of notice of such
meeting.

         SECTION 2.7 Quorum and Manner of Acting. At each meeting of the Board
of Directors, the presence of a majority of the total number of members of the
Board of Directors as constituted from time to time shall be necessary and
sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except that
when the Board of Directors consists of one or two directors, then the one or
two directors, respectively, shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a
quorum, a majority of those present at the time and place of any meeting may
adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be present and the
meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice or waiver. A majority
of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present may decide any
question brought before such meeting, except as otherwise provided by law, the
Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws.

         SECTION 2.8 Telephone Meetings, etc. Members of the Board of Directors,
or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a
meeting of the Board of Directors, or such committee, by means of conference
telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting.

         SECTION 2.9 Resignation of Directors. Any director may resign at any
time by giving written notice of such resignation to the Board of Directors, the
Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President or the Secretary.
Unless otherwise specified in such notice, such resignation shall take effect
upon receipt thereof by the Board of Directors or any such officer, and the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         SECTION 2.10 Removal of Directors. At any special meeting of the
stockholders, duly called as provided in these By-laws, any director or
directors may be removed from office, either with or without cause, as provided
by law. At such meeting a successor or successors may be elected by a plurality
of the votes cast, or if any such vacancy is not so filled, it may be filled by
the directors as provided in Section 2.3.

         SECTION 2.11 Compensation of Directors. Directors shall receive such
reasonable compensation for their services as such, whether in the form of
salary or a fixed fee for attendance at meetings, with expenses, if any, as the
Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Nothing herein contained


                                       3
<PAGE>   4
shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any
other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

                                   ARTICLE III

                             COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

         SECTION 3.1 Designation, Power, Alternate Members and Term of Office.
The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole
Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist
of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Any such committee, to the
extent provided in such resolution and permitted by law, shall have and may
exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the
management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the
seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof to be affixed to or reproduced on
all such papers as said committee shall designate. The Board of Directors may
designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee who, in
the order specified by the Board of Directors, may replace any absent or
disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. If at a meeting of any
committee one or more of the members thereof should be absent or disqualified,
and if either the Board of Directors has not so designated any alternate member
or members, or the number of absent or disqualified members exceeds the number
of alternate members who are present at such meeting, then the member or members
of such committee (including alternates) present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another director to act at such meeting in the place of any
such absent or disqualified member. The term of office of the members of each
committee shall be as fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, subject
to these By-laws, or until such member's successor shall have been designated by
the Board of Directors; provided, however, that any committee member who ceases
to be a member of the Board of Directors shall ipso facto cease to be a
committee member. Each committee may appoint a secretary, who may be a director
or an officer of the Corporation.

         SECTION 3.2 Meetings, Notices and Records. Each committee may provide
for the holding of regular meetings, with or without notice, and may fix the
times and places at which such meetings shall be held. Special meetings of each
committee shall be held upon call by or at the direction of its chairman or, if
there be no chairman, by or at the direction of any one of its members. Except
as otherwise provided by law, notice of each special meeting of a committee
shall be mailed to each member of such committee, addressed to such member at
such member's residence or usual place of business, at least two days before the
day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be sent to him at such place by
telex, facsimile transmission, telegram, radio or cable, or telephoned or
delivered to such member personally, not later than the day before the day on
which the meeting is to be held. Such notice shall state the time and place of
such meeting, but need not state the purposes thereof, unless otherwise required
by law, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these By-laws.

         Notice of any meeting of a committee need not be given to any member
thereof who shall attend such meeting in person or who shall waive notice
thereof, before or after such meeting, in a signed writing. Each committee shall
keep a record of its proceedings.

         SECTION 3.3 Quorum and Manner of Acting. At each meeting of any
committee the presence of a majority of its members then in office shall be
necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business,
except that when a committee consists of one member, then the one member shall
constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the members
present at the time and place of any meeting may adjourn the meeting from time
to time until a quorum shall be present and the meeting may be held as so
adjourned without further notice or waiver. The act of a majority of the members
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such
committee. Subject to the foregoing and other provisions of these By-laws and
except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, each committee may
make rules for the conduct of its business.


                                       4
<PAGE>   5
         SECTION 3.4 Resignations. Any member of a committee may resign at any
time by giving written notice of such resignation to the Board of Directors, the
Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President or the Secretary.
Unless otherwise specified in such notice, such resignation shall take effect
upon receipt thereof by the Board of Directors or any such officer, and the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         SECTION 3.5 Removal. Any member of any committee may be removed at any
time with or without cause by the Board of Directors.

         SECTION 3.6 Vacancies. If any vacancy shall occur in any committee by
reason of death, resignation, disqualification, removal or otherwise, the
remaining member or members of such committee, so long as a quorum is present,
may continue to act until such vacancy is filled by the Board of Directors.

         SECTION 3.7 Compensation. Committee member shall receive such
reasonable compensation for their services as such, whether in the form of
salary or a fixed fee for attendance at meetings, with expenses, if any, as the
Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Nothing herein contained
shall be construed to preclude any committee member from serving the Corporation
in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    OFFICERS

         SECTION 4.1 Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a
Chairman of the Board, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice
Presidents, any of whom may be designated an Executive Vice President or Senior
Vice President upon his or her election, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such
other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section
4.3.

         SECTION 4.2 Election, Term of Office and Qualifications. Each officer
(except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provision of
Section 4.3) shall be elected by the Board of Directors. Each such officer shall
hold such office until such officer's successor shall have been elected and
shall qualify, or until such officer's death, or until such officer shall have
resigned in the manner provided in Section 4.4 or shall have been removed in the
manner provided in Section 4.5.

         SECTION 4.3 Other Officers and Agents. The Board of Directors from time
to time may appoint other officers or agents (including one or more Assistant
Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant
Treasurers), to hold office for such periods, have such authority and perform
such duties as are provided in these By-laws or as may be provided in the
resolutions appointing them. The Board of Directors may delegate to any officer
the power to appoint any such officers or agents and to prescribe their
respective terms of office, authorities and duties.

         SECTION 4.4 Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice of such resignation to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of
the Board, the President, any Vice President or the Secretary. Unless otherwise
specified in such written notice, such resignation shall take effect upon
receipt thereof by the Board of Directors or any such officer, and the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         SECTION 4.5 Removal. Any officer specifically designed in Section 4.1
may be removed with or without cause at any meeting of the Board of Directors by
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Any officer of
agent appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.3 may be removed
with or without cause at any meeting of the Board of Directors by affirmative
vote of a 


                                       5
<PAGE>   6
majority of the directors present at such meeting, or at any time by
any superior officer or agent upon whom such power of removal shall have been
conferred by the Board of Directors. Any removal of an officer shall be without
prejudice to the contractual rights, if any, of the person so removed.

         SECTION 4.6 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office by reason of death,
resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled for
the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed by these By-laws for
regular election or appointment to such office.

         SECTION 4.7 The Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall
be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, subject to the direction of
the Board of Directors, shall have general charge of the business, affairs and
property of the Corporation and shall have general supervision over its officers
and agents. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board
of Directors and of stockholders of the Corporation and shall see that all
orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The
Chairman of the Board may sign, with any other officer thereunto duly
authorized, certificates representing stock of the Corporation the issuance of
which shall have been duly authorized (the signature to which may be a facsimile
signature) and may sign and execute in the name of the Corporation deeds,
mortgages, bonds, contracts, agreements or other instruments, except in cases
where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the
Board of Directors to some other officer or agent or shall be required by law to
be otherwise executed. From time to time the Chairman of the Board shall report
to the Board of Directors all matters within the knowledge of the Chairman of
the Board which the interests of the Corporation may require to be brought to
their attention. The Chairman of the Board shall have such other powers and
perform such other duties as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of
Directors or these By-laws. If no Chief Financial Officer shall have been
elected by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board shall have, in
addition to and not in limitation of the foregoing, the powers afforded the
Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 4.12 hereof.

         SECTION 4.8 The President. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board,
or in the event of the inability or refusal to act of the Chairman of the Board,
the President shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chairman
of the Board until such vacancy shall be filled in the manner prescribed by
these By-laws or by law. The President may sign, with any other officer
thereunto duly authorized, certificates representing stock of the Corporation
the issuance of which shall have been duly authorized (the signature to which
may be a facsimile signature) and may sign and execute in the name of the
Corporation deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, agreements or other instruments
duly authorized by the Board of Directors, except in cases where the signing and
execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some
other officer or agent, or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed.
The President shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may
from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the
Board or these By-laws.

         SECTION 4.9 The Vice Presidents. At the request of the President or in
the absence or disability of the President, the Vice President designated by the
Board of Directors shall perform all the duties of the President and, when so
acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all restrictions upon the
President. Any Vice President may also sign, with any other officer thereunto
duly authorized, certificates representing stock of the Corporation the issuance
of which shall have been duly authorized (the signature to which may be a
facsimile signature) and may sign and execute in the name of the Corporation
deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts, agreements or other instruments duly
authorized by the Board of Directors, except in cases where the signing and
execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some
other officer or agent or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed.
Each Vice President shall have such other powers and perform such other duties
as may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman
of the Board, the President or these By-laws.


                                       6
<PAGE>   7
         SECTION 4.10 The Secretary. The Secretary shall:

         (a) record all the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders, the
Board of Directors, and any committees of the Board of Directors in a book or
books to be kept for that purpose;

         (b) cause all notices to be duly given in accordance with the
provisions of these By-laws and as required by law;

         (c) whenever any committee shall be appointed in pursuance of a
resolution of the Board of Directors, furnish the chairman of such committee
with a copy of such resolution;

         (d) be custodian of the records and of the seal of the Corporation, and
cause such seal to be affixed to or a facsimile to be reproduced on all
certificates representing stock of the Corporation prior to the issuance thereof
and to all instruments the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under
its seal shall have been duly authorized;

         (e) see that its lists, books, reports, statements, certificates and
other documents and records required by law are properly kept and filed;

         (f) have charge of the stock and transfer books of the Corporation, and
exhibit such stock book at all reasonable times to such persons as are entitled
by law to have access thereto;

         (g) sign (unless the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer or an
Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer shall sign) certificates
representing stock of the Corporation the issuance of which shall have been duly
authorized (the signature to which may be a facsimile signature); and

         (h) in general, perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary
and have such other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to
time be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the
President or these By-laws.

         SECTION 4.11 Assistant Secretaries. At the request of the Secretary or
in the absence or disability of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary
designated by the Board of Directors (or in the absence of such designation, the
Chairman of the Board or the President) shall perform all the duties of the
Secretary and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all restrictions upon the Secretary. Each Assistant Secretary shall have such
other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be
prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President,
the Secretary or these By-laws.

         SECTION 4.12 The Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial officer
shall:

         (a) have charge of and supervision over and be responsible for the
funds, securities, receipts and disbursements of the Corporation;

         (b) cause the moneys and other valuable effects of the Corporation to
be deposited in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or
trust companies or with such bankers or other depositaries as shall be selected
in accordance with Sections 5.3 or to be otherwise dealt with in such manner as
the Board of Directors may direct;

         (c) cause the funds of the Corporation to be disbursed by checks or
drafts upon the authorized depositaries of the Corporation, and cause to be
taken and preserved proper vouchers for all moneys disbursed;


                                       7
<PAGE>   8
         (d) render to the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the
President, whenever requested, a statement of the financial condition of the
Corporation and of all his transactions as Chief Financial Officer;

         (e) cause to be kept at the Corporation's principal office correct
books of account of all its business and transactions and such duplicate books
of account as the Chief Financial Officer shall determine and upon application
cause such books or duplicates thereof to be exhibited to any director;

         (f) be empowered, from time to time, to require from the officers or
agents of the Corporation reports or statements giving such information as the
Chief Financial Officer may desire with respect to any and all financial
transactions of the Corporation;

         (g) sign (unless the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer shall sign) certificates representing stock
of the Corporation the issuance of which shall have been duly authorized (the
signature to which may be a facsimile signature); and

         (h) in general, perform all duties incident to the office of Chief
Financial Officer and have such other powers and perform such other duties as
may from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of
the Board, the President or these By-laws.

         SECTION 4.13 The Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have such powers and
perform such duties with respect to the financial affairs of the Company as may
from time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the
Board, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or these By-laws. In addition,
the Treasurer shall sign (unless the Chief Financial Officer or the Secretary or
an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer shall sign) certificates
representing stock of the Corporation the issuance of which shall have been duly
authorized (the signature to which may be a facsimile signature).

         SECTION 4.14 Assistant Treasurers. At the request of the Treasurer or
in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer
designated by the Board of Directors (or in the absence of such designation, the
Chairman of the Board or the President) shall perform all the duties of the
Treasurer and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to
all restrictions upon the Treasurer. Each Assistant Treasurer shall have such
other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be
prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President,
the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or these By-laws.

         SECTION 4.15 Salaries. The salaries of the officers of the Corporation
shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, except that the
Board of Directors may delegate to any person the power to fix the salaries or
other compensation of any officers or agents appointed in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4.3. No officer shall be prevented from receiving such
salary by reason of the fact that such officer is also a director of the
corporation.

                                    ARTICLE V

                          EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS AND

                           DEPOSIT OF CORPORATE FUNDS

         SECTION 5.1 Execution of Instruments Generally. The Chairman of the
Board, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, any Vice President, the
Secretary or the Treasurer, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors,
may enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name
and on behalf of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may authorize any
officer or officers, or agent 


                                       8
<PAGE>   9
or agents, to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in
the name and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authorization may be general
or confined to specific instances.

         SECTION 5.2 Borrowing. No loan or advance shall be obtained or
contracted for, by or on behalf of the Corporation, and no negotiable paper
shall be issued in its name, unless and except as authorized by the Board of
Directors. Such authorization may be general or confined to specific instances.
Any officer or agent of the Corporation thereunto so authorized may obtain loans
and advances for the Corporation, and for such loans and advances may make,
execute and deliver promissory notes, bonds, or other evidences of indebtedness
of the Corporation. Any officer or agent of the Corporation thereunto so
authorized may pledge, hypothecate or transfer as security for the payment of
any and all loan, advances, indebtedness and liabilities of the Corporation, any
and all stocks, bonds, other securities and other personal property at any time
held by the Corporation, and to that end may endorse, assign and deliver the
same and do every act and thing necessary or proper in connection therewith.

         SECTION 5.3 Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise
employed shall be deposited from time to time to its credit in such banks or
trust companies or with such bankers or other depositaries as the Board of
Directors may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers or agent
or agents authorized so to do by the Board of Directors. Endorsements for
deposit to the credit of the Corporation in any of its duly authorized
depositaries shall be made in such manner as the Board of Directors from time to
time may determine.

         SECTION 5.4 Checks, Drafts, etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for
the payment of money, and all notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in
the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers or
agent or agents of the Corporation, and in such manner, as from time to time
shall be determined by the Board of Directors.

         SECTION 5.5 Proxies. Proxies to vote with respect to shares of stock of
other corporations owned by or standing in the name of the Corporation may be
executed and delivered from time to time on behalf of the Corporation by the
Chairman of the Board, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or any Vice
President or by any other person or persons thereunto authorized by the Board of
Directors.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                  RECORD DATES

         In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled
to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting,
or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or
allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any
change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful
action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall
be not more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting,
nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. Only those stockholders of
record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to any of the foregoing rights,
notwithstanding the transfer of any such stock on the books of the Corporation
after any such record date fixed by the Board of Directors.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                                 CORPORATE SEAL

         The corporate seal shall be circular in form and shall bear the name of
the Corporation and words and figures denoting its organization under the laws
of the State of Delaware and the year thereof and otherwise shall be in such
form as shall be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10
                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                   FISCAL YEAR

         The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be the calendar year unless
the Board of Directors shall otherwise determine.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   AMENDMENTS

         All By-laws of the Corporation may be amended or repealed, and new
By-laws may be made, by an affirmative majority of the votes cast at any annual
or special stockholders' meeting by holders of outstanding shares of stock of
the Corporation entitled to vote, or by an affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors present at any organizational, regular, or special meeting of the
Board of Directors.

                                    ARTICLE X

                            ACTION WITHOUT A MEETING

         Any action which might have been taken under these By-laws by a vote of
the stockholders at a meeting thereof may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing setting forth the
action so taken shall be individually signed and dated by the holders of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, provided that no written consent
will be effective unless the necessary number of written consents is delivered
to the Corporation within sixty days of the earliest delivered consent to the
Corporation. Any action which might have been taken under these By-laws by vote
of the directors at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof may be taken without a meeting if all the members of the Board of
Directors or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and
the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the Board of Directors of
such committee.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

         The Corporation shall indemnify, in the manner and to the full extent
permitted by law, any person (or the estate of any person) who was or is a party
to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether or not by or in the right of the
Corporation, and whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or
otherwise, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. Where required by law,
the indemnification provided for herein shall be made only as authorized in the
specific case upon a determination, in the manner provided by law, that
indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the
circumstances. The Corporation may, to the full extent permitted by law,
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such person against any
liability which may be asserted against such person. To the full extent
permitted by law, the indemnification provided herein shall include expenses
(including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement,
and, in the manner provided by law, any such expenses may be paid by the
Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceedings. The indemnification provided herein shall not be deemed to limit
the right of the Corporation to indemnify any other person for any such expenses
to the 


                                       10
<PAGE>   11
full extent permitted by law, nor shall it be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which any person seeking indemnification from the Corporation may be
entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in
another capacity while holding such office. Such indemnification shall continue
as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such
person.


                                       11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.A
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20, 1995
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                  EXHIBIT 4(a)
                                                                  ------------


                                  $325,000,000

                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                   dated as of

                                December 20, 1995


                                      among


                       United States Surgical Corporation

                  The Eligible Subsidiaries Referred to Herein

                    The Banks and Issuing Banks Party Hereto

                                NationsBank, N.A.
                             as Administrative Agent

                          The Yen Lenders Party Hereto

                              The Bank of New York
                           as Yen Administrative Agent

                                       and

                    Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York
                             as Documentation Agent


                                  Arranged By:

                          J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc.
                                as Lead Arranger

                               BA Securities, Inc.
                                 as Co-Arranger

                        NationsBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
                                 as Co-Arranger

                                       and

                              The Bank of New York
                                 as Co-Arranger
<PAGE>   2
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Page
<S>                                                                               <C> 
                                    ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.1.   Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    1
SECTION 1.2.   Accounting Terms and Determinations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   24


                                    ARTICLE 2
                               THE DOLLAR CREDITS

SECTION 2.1.   Commitments to Lend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   24
SECTION 2.2.   Notice of Committed Borrowing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   25
SECTION 2.3.   Money Market Borrowings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   25
SECTION 2.4.   Notice to Banks; Funding of Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   30
SECTION 2.5.   Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   31
SECTION 2.6.   Mandatory Termination of Commitments; 
               Maturity of Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   31
SECTION 2.7.   Interest Rates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   32
SECTION 2.8.   Method of Electing Interest Rates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
SECTION 2.9.   Facility Fee  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
SECTION 2.10.  Optional Termination or Reduction of 
               Commitments   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
SECTION 2.11.  Optional Prepayments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
SECTION 2.12.  Mandatory Reduction of Commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
SECTION 2.13.  Mandatory Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
SECTION 2.14.  Letters of Credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   40
SECTION 2.15.  General Provisions as to Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   48
SECTION 2.16.  Funding Losses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   49
SECTION 2.17.  Computation of Interest, Fees and 
               Commissions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   50
SECTION 2.18   Eligible Subsidiaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   50


                                    ARTICLE 3
                                 THE YEN CREDITS

SECTION 3.1.   Commitments to Lend . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   51
SECTION 3.2.   Notice of Yen Borrowing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   51
SECTION 3.3.   Notice to Yen Lenders; Funding of Yen Loans . . . . . . . . . . .   51
SECTION 3.4.   Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   52
SECTION 3.5.   Mandatory Termination of Yen Commitments; 
               Maturity of Yen Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   53
SECTION 3.6.   Method of Electing Additional Interest Periods  . . . . . . . . .   53
SECTION 3.7.   Interest Rates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   54
SECTION 3.8.   Facility Fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    55
</TABLE>

                                        i
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Page
<S>                                                                               <C> 
SECTION 3.9.   Optional Termination or Reduction of Yen 
               Commitments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    56
SECTION 3.10.  Optional Prepayments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   56
SECTION 3.11.  Mandatory Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   56
SECTION 3.12.  General Provisions as to Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   57
SECTION 3.13.  Funding Losses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   58
SECTION 3.14.  Computation of Interest and Fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   59


                                    ARTICLE 4
                                   CONDITIONS

SECTION 4.1.   Effectiveness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   59
SECTION 4.2.   Each Extension of Credit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   61
SECTION 4.3.   First Extension of Credit to Each Eligible 
               Subsidiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    62


                                    ARTICLE 5
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

SECTION 5.1.   Corporate Existence and Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   63
SECTION 5.2.   Corporate and Governmental Authorization; 
               No Contravention  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   63
SECTION 5.3.   Binding Effect  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   63
SECTION 5.4.   Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   63
SECTION 5.5.   Litigation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   64
SECTION 5.6.   Compliance with ERISA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   64
SECTION 5.7.   Environmental Matters . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   65
SECTION 5.8.   Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   65
SECTION 5.9.   Subsidiaries  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   65
SECTION 5.10.  Not an Investment Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   66
SECTION 5.11.  Full Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   66
SECTION 5.12.  Other Existing Debt Documents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   66
SECTION 5.13.  No Default under Other Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   66
SECTION 5.14.  Compliance with Laws  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   67


                                    ARTICLE 6
                                    COVENANTS

SECTION 6.1.   Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   67
SECTION 6.2.   Payment of Obligations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   70
SECTION 6.3.   Maintenance of Property; Insurance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   71
SECTION 6.4.   Conduct of Business and Maintenance of 
               Existence  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    71
SECTION 6.5.   Compliance with Laws  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   72
SECTION 6.6.   Inspection of Property, Books and Records  . . . . . . . . . . .    72
</TABLE>

                                       ii
<PAGE>   4
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Page
<S>                                                                               <C>   
SECTION 6.7.   Minimum Consolidated Net Worth  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   73
SECTION 6.8.   Leverage Ratio  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   73
SECTION 6.9.   Fixed Charge Coverage . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   73
SECTION 6.10.  Negative Pledge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   73
SECTION 6.11.  Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   74
SECTION 6.12.  Dividends and Common Stock Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   75
SECTION 6.13.  Limitation on Subsidiary Debt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   76
SECTION 6.14.  Asset Sales . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   76
SECTION 6.15.  Consolidations and Mergers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   77
SECTION 6.16.  Transactions with Affiliates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   77
SECTION 6.17.  Prepayment of Other Debt  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   78
SECTION 6.18.  Other Existing Debt Documents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   79
SECTION 6.19.  Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   79


                                    ARTICLE 7
                                    DEFAULTS

SECTION 7.1.   Events of Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   79
SECTION 7.2.   Notice of Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   82
SECTION 7.3.   Notice of Termination . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   83


                                    ARTICLE 8
                                   THE AGENTS

SECTION 8.1.   Appointment and Authorization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   83
SECTION 8.2.   Agents and Affiliates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   83
SECTION 8.3.   Action by Agents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   83
SECTION 8.4.   Consultation with Experts; Attorneys in 
               Fact  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   84
SECTION 8.5.   Liability of Agents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   84
SECTION 8.6.   Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   85
SECTION 8.7.   Credit Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   85
SECTION 8.8.   Successor Agents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   85
SECTION 8.9.   Fees of Administrative Agent and Yen 
               Administrative Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    86
SECTION 8.10.  Arrangers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   86


                                    ARTICLE 9
                             CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

SECTION 9.1.   Basis for Determining Dollar Interest Rate 
               Inadequate or Unfair . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    86
SECTION 9.2.   Illegality  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   87
SECTION 9.3.   Increased Cost and Reduced Return  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    88
SECTION 9.4.   Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   90
</TABLE>

                                       iii
<PAGE>   5
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Page
<S>                                                                               <C>
SECTION 9.5.   Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected 
               Fixed Rate Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    93


                                   ARTICLE 10
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                            OF ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARIES

SECTION 10.1.  Corporate Existence and Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   94
SECTION 10.2.  Corporate and Governmental Authorization; 
               No Contravention  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   94
SECTION 10.3.  Binding Effect  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   94
SECTION 10.4.  Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   94


                                   ARTICLE 11
                                    GUARANTY

SECTION 11.1.  The Guaranty  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   95
SECTION 11.2.  Guaranty Unconditional  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   95
SECTION 11.3.  Discharge Only Upon Payment in Full; 
               Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances . . . . . . . . . . . . .    96
SECTION 11.4.  Waiver by the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   96
SECTION 11.5.  Subrogation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   96
SECTION 11.6.  Stay of Acceleration  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   97


                                   ARTICLE 12
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 12.1.  Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   97
SECTION 12.2.  No Waivers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   97
SECTION 12.3.  Expenses; Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   98
SECTION 12.4.  Sharing of Set-Offs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   98
SECTION 12.5.  Amendments and Waivers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   99
SECTION 12.6.  Successors and Assigns  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  100
SECTION 12.7.  Judgment Currency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  102
SECTION 12.8.  Foreign Subsidiary Costs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  103
SECTION 12.9.  Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  103
SECTION 12.10. Collateral  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  104
SECTION 12.11. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction . . . . . . . . . . . .  104
SECTION 12.12. Counterparts; Integration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  105
SECTION 12.13. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  105
SECTION 12.14. COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION; WAIVER OF RIGHTS . . . . . . . . . . . .   105
</TABLE>

                                       iv
<PAGE>   6
                             SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS

Commitment Schedule

Yen Commitment Schedule

Pricing Schedule

Exhibit A      -      Note

Exhibit B      -      Yen Note

Exhibit C      -      Money Market Quote Request

Exhibit D      -      Invitation for Money Market Quotes

Exhibit E      -      Money Market Quote

Exhibit F      -      Opinion of Counsel for the Company

Exhibit G      -      Opinion of Special Counsel for the Documentation Agent

Exhibit H      -      Form of Election to Participate

Exhibit I      -      Form of Election to Terminate

Exhibit J      -      Opinion of Counsel for an Eligible Subsidiary

Exhibit K      -      Assignment and Assumption Agreement

Exhibit L      -      Calculation of Funding Losses

Exhibit M      -      List of Borrower's Active Subsidiaries

Exhibit N      -      List of Disclosure Documents

Exhibit O      -      List of Existing Liens Securing Debt

                                        v
<PAGE>   7
                                CREDIT AGREEMENT

         AGREEMENT dated as of December 20, 1995 among UNITED STATES SURGICAL
CORPORATION, the ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARIES referred to herein, the BANKS and ISSUING
BANKS party hereto, NATIONSBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the YEN LENDERS
party hereto, THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Yen Administrative Agent, and MORGAN
GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as Documentation Agent.

         WHEREAS, the Company wishes to replace its Existing Credit Agreement
(as such term is defined below) with a new credit facility which allows the
Company and certain of its Subsidiaries to be able (i) to borrow revolving
credit loans denominated in United States Dollars in an aggregate outstanding
principal amount not to exceed $300,000,000, (ii) to obtain letters of credit
denominated in United States Dollars in an aggregate outstanding face amount not
to exceed $50,000,000 (such letters of credit, when issued, to constitute a
utilization of the revolving credit facility referred to in clause (i)) and
(iii) to borrow revolving credit loans denominated in Japanese yen in an
aggregate outstanding Dollar Equivalent Amount (as such term is defined below)
not to exceed $25,000,000;

         WHEREAS, the Company is willing to guarantee the obligations of its
Eligible Subsidiaries under such credit facility; and

         WHEREAS, the Banks and the Yen Lenders are willing to provide such
credit facility to the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries on the terms and
conditions set forth herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:


                                    ARTICLE 1
                                   DEFINITIONS

         SECTION 1.1. Definitions. The following terms, as used herein, have the
following meanings:

         "Absolute Rate Auction" means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes
setting forth Money Market Absolute Rates pursuant to Section 2.3.

         "Adjusted CD Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b).

                                        1
<PAGE>   8
         "Adjusted Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the
consolidated net income of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for
such period minus dividends on the Company's outstanding preferred stock accrued
or paid with respect to such period.

         "Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate" has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.7(c).

         "Administrative Agent" means NationsBank, in its capacity as
Administrative Agent for the Banks hereunder, and its successors in such
capacity.

         "Administrative Questionnaire" means, with respect to each Lender, an
administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by the Relevant Agent, duly
completed by such Lender and submitted to the Relevant Agent (with a copy to the
Company).

         "Affiliate" means (i) any Person that directly, or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, controls the Company (a "Controlling Person") or
(ii) any Person which is controlled by or is under common control with a
Controlling Person; provided that the term "Affiliate" shall not include (i) the
Company, (ii) any Subsidiary or (iii) any Person in which the Company or a
Subsidiary owns an equity interest if none of the other equity interests in such
Person are owned directly or indirectly by an Affiliate. As used herein, the
term "control" means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

         "Agent" means the Administrative Agent, the Yen Administrative Agent or
the Documentation Agent, as the context may require, and "Agents" means all of
the foregoing.

         "Applicable Lending Office" means, with respect to any Bank, (i) in the
case of its Domestic Loans, its Domestic Lending Office and (ii) in the case of
its Euro-Dollar Loans, its Euro-Dollar Lending Office and (iii) in the case of
its Money Market Loans, its Money Market Lending Office.

         "Arrangers" means J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., in its capacity as Lead
Arranger of the credit facility provided hereunder, and BA Securities, Inc.,
NationsBanc Capital Markets, Inc. and The Bank of New York, in their respective
capacities as Co-Arrangers of the credit facility provided hereunder.

                                        2
<PAGE>   9
         "Assessment Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b).

         "Asset Sale" means any sale of any asset by the Company or any
Subsidiary, excluding (i) sales of inventory and used, surplus or worn out
equipment in the ordinary course of business and (ii) sales of accounts and
notes receivable pursuant to a Permitted Asset Securitization.

         "Assignee" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6(c).

         "Bank" means each bank or other institution listed on the Commitment
Schedule attached hereto, each Assignee which becomes a Bank pursuant to Section
12.6(c), and their respective successors.

         "Bank of America" means Bank of America National Trust and Savings
Association.

         "BNY" means The Bank of New York.

         "Base Rate" means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the higher of
(i) the Prime Rate for such day and (ii) the sum of 1/2 of 1% plus the Federal
Funds Rate for such day.

         "Base Rate Loan" means (i) a Committed Loan which bears interest at the
Base Rate pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or Notice of
Interest Rate Election or the provisions of Article 9 or (ii) an overdue amount
which was a Base Rate Loan immediately before it became overdue.

         "Benefit Arrangement" means at any time an employee benefit plan within
the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan
and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA
Group.

         "Borrower" means the Company or any Eligible Subsidiary, as the context
may require, and their respective successors, and "Borrowers" means all of the
foregoing.

         "Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of Loans which are
made to a single Borrower at the same time by the Banks pursuant to Article 2
and (except for Base Rate Loans) have the same initial Interest Period.
Borrowings are classified for purposes of this Agreement either by reference to
the pricing of Loans comprising such Borrowing (e.g., a "Euro-Dollar Borrowing"
is a Borrowing

                                        3
<PAGE>   10
comprised of Euro-Dollar Loans) or by reference to the provisions of Article 2
under which participation therein is determined (i.e., a "Committed
Borrowing" is a Borrowing under Section 2.1 in which all Banks participate in
proportion to their Commitments, while a "Money Market Borrowing" is a Borrowing
under Section 2.3 in which the Bank participants are determined on the basis of
their bids in accordance therewith).

         "CD Base Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b).

         "CD Loan" means (i) a Committed Loan which bears interest at a CD Rate
pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or Notice of Interest
Rate Election or (ii) an overdue amount which was a CD Loan immediately before
it became overdue.

         "CD Margin" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(b).

         "CD Rate" means a rate of interest determined pursuant to Section
2.7(b) on the basis of an Adjusted CD Rate.

         "CD Reference Banks" means Bank of America, Morgan, NationsBank and
BNY.

         "Commitment" means, with respect to each Bank, the amount set forth
opposite the name of such Bank on the Commitment Schedule attached hereto (or,
in the case of an Assignee, the portion of the transferor Bank's Commitment
assigned to such Assignee pursuant to Section 12.6(c)), in each case as such
amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.10 or 2.12 or
changed as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 12.6(c).

         "Committed Loan" means a loan made by a Bank pursuant to Section 2.1;
provided that, if any such loan or loans (or portions thereof) are combined or
subdivided pursuant to a Notice of Interest Rate Election, the term "Committed
Loan" shall refer to the combined principal amount resulting from such
combination or to each of the separate principal amounts resulting from such
subdivision, as the case may be.

         "Common Stock Dividend" means any dividend or other distribution on any
shares of the Company's common stock (except dividends payable solely in shares
of its common stock and dividends consisting solely of rights to acquire shares
of its common stock).

                                        4
<PAGE>   11
         "Common Stock Payment" means any payment on account of the purchase,
redemption, retirement or acquisition of (i) any shares of the Company's common
stock or (ii) any option, warrant or other right to acquire shares of the
Company's common stock; provided that, if pursuant to the Company's stock option
plans, an optionee surrenders shares of the Company's common stock in payment of
the exercise price of options then being exercised by such optionee, the
acquisition by the Company of the shares so surrendered shall not constitute a
"Common Stock Payment".

         "Company" means United States Surgical Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, and its successors.

         "Company's 1994 Form 10-K" means the Company's annual report on Form
10-K for 1994, as filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

         "Company's Latest Form 10-Q" means the Company's quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1995, as filed with the SEC
pursuant to the Exchange Act.

         "Consolidated Capital Expenditures" means, for any period, the gross
amount of all additions to property, plant and equipment of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period; provided that, if the Company
acquires a going concern business, "Consolidated Capital Expenditures" shall not
include (i) the book value of the property, plant and equipment of such business
immediately before such acquisition or (ii) the amount by which such property,
plant and equipment are written up in connection with such acquisition, except
to the extent (if any) that the amounts referred to in the foregoing clauses (i)
and (ii) are attributable to expenditures made in contemplation of such
acquisition.

         "Consolidated Debt" means at any date the sum of all Debt of the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as
of such date.

         "Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, the sum of (i) the
consolidated net income of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for
such period (excluding any extraordinary income or extraordinary charges) plus
(ii) to the extent deducted in determining such consolidated net income, the sum
of (A) Consolidated Net Interest Expense, (B) income taxes, (C) depreciation,
amortization and write-offs of assets theretofore being depreciated or amortized
(or the creation or increase of reserves against such assets), (D) the cost of
settling any or all of the lawsuits

                                        5
<PAGE>   12
referred to under the caption "Legal Proceedings" in the Company's 1994 Form
10-K or the Company's Latest Form 10-Q, provided that the aggregate
amount added pursuant to this clause (D) with respect to all Fiscal Quarters
ending after September 30, 1995 shall not exceed $25,000,000 and (E) non-cash
charges related to real estate subject to the U.I.S. Financing Documents,
provided that the aggregate amount added pursuant to this clause (E)
with respect to all Fiscal Quarters ending after September 30, 1995 shall not
exceed $35,000,000.

         "Consolidated Net Interest Expense" means, for any period, the interest
expense (net of interest income) of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

         "Consolidated Net Rent Expense" means, for any period, the rent expense
of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries under operating leases for such
period, net of rental income for such period, determined on a consolidated
basis.

         "Consolidated Net Worth" means at any date the consolidated
stockholders' equity of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries at such
date minus, to the extent reflected therein, all Intangible Assets (other than
patents, patent applications pending and patent licenses) acquired after
September 30, 1992.

         "Consolidated Subsidiary" means at any date any Subsidiary or other
entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the Company in
its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of
such date.

         "Consolidated Total Capital" means at any date Consolidated Debt plus
Consolidated Net Worth at such date.

         "Debt" of any Person means at any date, without duplication, (i) all
obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such
Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii)
all obligations of such Person as lessee which are (or are required to be)
capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (iv)
all guarantees and endorsements (other than endorsements in the ordinary course
of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) by such Person
of the Debt of other Persons and all letters of credit issued on the
responsibility of such Person to support the Debt of other Persons, (v) in the
case of the Company, the obligations evidenced by the North Haven

                                        6
<PAGE>   13
Notes and (vi) with respect to obligations of such Person as lessee under any
operating lease (except the North Haven Lease) under which the aggregate rental
payments over the term of such lease exceed $15,000,000, the lesser of (x) the
remaining unpaid rental payments due during the term of such lease or (y) six
times the rental payments due under such lease during the next year. In
calculating the amount of any Person's Debt for purposes hereof, the amount of
any guarantee, endorsement or letter of credit referred to in clause (iv) of
this definition shall be deemed to be the amount of the Debt of another Person
guaranteed, endorsed or otherwise supported thereby.

         "Default" means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of
Default or which with the giving of notice (under this Agreement or under an
agreement relating to Material Debt), lapse of time and/or the making of a
determination by the Required Lenders would, unless cured or waived, become an
Event of Default.

         "Derivatives Obligations" of any Person means all obligations of such
Person in respect of any rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate
transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap,
equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign
exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction,
currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option
or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of
the foregoing transactions) or any combination of the foregoing transactions.

         "Documentation Agent" means Morgan, in its capacity as Documentation
Agent hereunder, and its successors in such capacity.

         "Dollar" and the sign "$" mean lawful money of the United States of
America.

         "Dollar Equivalent Amount" means, with respect to any amount of Yen on
any date, the amount of Dollars converted from such amount of Yen at the Yen
Administrative Agent's spot buying rate (based on the Tokyo interbank market
rate then prevailing) for Yen against Dollars as of approximately 9:00 A.M.
(Eastern Time) four Tokyo Business Days before such date.

         "Domestic Business Day" means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or
other day on which commercial banks in New York City or Charlotte, North
Carolina are authorized or required by law to close.

                                        7
<PAGE>   14
         "Domestic Lending Office" means, as to each Bank, its office located at
its address set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire (or identified in its
Administrative Questionnaire as its Domestic Lending Office) or such other
office as such Bank may hereafter designate as its Domestic Lending Office by
notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent; provided that any Bank may
so designate separate Domestic Lending Offices for its Base Rate Loans, on the
one hand, and its CD Loans, on the other hand, in which case all references
herein to the Domestic Lending Office of such Bank shall be deemed to refer to
either or both of such offices, as the context may require.

         "Domestic Loans" means CD Loans or Base Rate Loans or both.

         "Domestic Reserve Percentage" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.7(b).

         "Eastern Time" means eastern standard time or eastern daylight time, as
appropriate.

         "Effective Date" means the date on which the Documentation Agent shall
have received all the documents and other items specified in or pursuant to
Section 4.1.

         "Election to Participate" means an Election to Participate
substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.

         "Election to Terminate" means an Election to Terminate substantially in
the form of Exhibit I hereto.

         "Eligible Subsidiary" means at any time any Substantially Wholly-Owned
Consolidated Subsidiary which is a corporation and shall have become an Eligible
Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2.18(a) and shall not have ceased to be an
Eligible Subsidiary pursuant to Section 2.18(b).

         "Environmental Laws" means any and all federal, state, local and
foreign statutes, laws, judicial decisions, regulations, ordinances, rules,
judgments, orders, decrees, plans, injunctions, permits, concessions, grants,
franchises, licenses, agreements and other governmental restrictions relating to
the environment, the effect of the environment on human health or to emissions,
discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous Substances or
wastes into the environment including, without limitation, ambient air, surface
water, ground water, or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or
handling of pollutants, contaminants, Hazardous

                                        8
<PAGE>   15
Substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof.

         "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended, or any successor statute.

         "ERISA Group" means the Company, any Subsidiary and all members of a
controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not
incorporated) under common control which, together with the Company or any
Subsidiary, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Internal
Revenue Code.

         "Euro-Dollar Business Day" means any Domestic Business Day on which
commercial banks are open for international business (including dealings in
Dollar deposits) in London.

         "Euro-Dollar Lending Office" means, as to each Bank, its office, branch
or affiliate located at its address set forth in its Administrative
Questionnaire (or identified in its Administrative Questionnaire as its
Euro-Dollar Lending Office) or such other office, branch or affiliate of such
Bank as it may hereafter designate as its Euro-Dollar Lending Office by notice
to the Company and the Administrative Agent.

         "Euro-Dollar Loan" means (i) a Committed Loan which bears interest at a
Euro-Dollar Rate pursuant to the applicable Notice of Committed Borrowing or
Notice of Interest Rate Election or (ii) an overdue amount which was a
Euro-Dollar Loan immediately before it became overdue.

         "Euro-Dollar Margin" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(c).

         "Euro-Dollar Rate" means a rate of interest determined pursuant to
Section 2.7(c) on the basis of an Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate.

         "Euro-Dollar Reference Banks" means the principal London offices of
Bank of America, Morgan, NationsBank and BNY.

         "Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.7(c).

         "Event of Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.

                                        9
<PAGE>   16
         "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
from time to time.

         "Existing Credit Agreement" means the Credit Agreement dated as of June
27, 1994 among the Company, the Banks party thereto, Morgan, as Documentation
Agent and NationsBank, as Administrative Agent.

         "Extension of Credit" means, with respect to any Borrower, the making
of a Loan or Yen Loan to it or the issuance or extension of a Letter of Credit
for its account.

         "Federal Funds Rate" means, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded
upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the
Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Domestic Business Day
next succeeding such day, provided that (i) if such day is not a Domestic
Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such
transactions on the next preceding Domestic Business Day as so published on the
next succeeding Domestic Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published
on such next succeeding Domestic Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such
day shall be the average rate quoted to NationsBank on such day on such
transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.

         "Fiscal Quarter" means a fiscal quarter of the Company.

         "Fiscal Year" means a fiscal year of the Company.

         "Fixed Rate Borrowings" means CD Borrowings or Euro-Dollar Borrowings
or Money Market Borrowings (excluding any such Borrowings consisting of Money
Market LIBOR Loans bearing interest at the Base Rate pursuant to Section 9.1(a))
or any combination of the foregoing.

         "Fixed Rate Loans" means CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans or Money Market
Loans (excluding Money Market LIBOR Loans bearing interest at the Base Rate
pursuant to Section 9.1(a)) or any combination of the foregoing.

         "GAAP" means at any time generally accepted accounting principles as
then in effect in the United States, applied on a basis consistent (except for
changes with which the Company's independent public accountants have concurred)
with the most recent audited consolidated

                                       10
<PAGE>   17
financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
theretofore delivered to the Lenders.

         "Governmental Authority" means any government or any state, department
or other political subdivision thereof, or any governmental body, agency,
authority (including, without limitation, any central bank or taxing authority)
or instrumentality (including, without limitation, any court or tribunal)
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government and any corporation, partnership or
other entity directly or indirectly owned by or subject to the control of any of
the foregoing.

         "Group of Loans" or "Group" means, with respect to any Borrower at any
time, a group of Loans consisting of (i) all Committed Loans made to such
Borrower which are Base Rate Loans at such time, (ii) all Euro-Dollar Loans made
to such Borrower having the same Interest Period at such time or (iii) all CD
Loans made to such Borrower having the same Interest Period at such time;
provided that, if a Committed Loan of any particular Bank is converted to or
made as a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Article 9, such Loan shall be included in
the same Group or Groups of Loans from time to time as it would have been in if
it had not been so converted or made.

         "Guarantee" by any Person means, for purposes of Sections 6.16 and 6.18
only, any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or
indirectly guaranteeing any Debt of any other Person and, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for
the purchase or payment of) such Debt (whether arising by virtue of partnership
arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities
or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or
otherwise) or (ii) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner
the obligee of such Debt of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee
against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), provided that the term
Guarantee shall not include the North Haven Lease. The term "Guarantee" used as
a verb has a corresponding meaning.

         "Hazardous Substances" means any toxic, radioactive, caustic or
otherwise hazardous substance, including petroleum, its derivatives, by-products
and other hydrocarbons, or any substance having any constituent elements
displaying any of the foregoing characteristics.

                                       11
<PAGE>   18
         "Indemnitee" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(b).

         "Intangible Assets" means goodwill, patents, patent applications
pending, patent licenses, trade names, trademarks, copyrights, franchises,
experimental expense, organization expense, unamortized debt discount and
expense, deferred assets (other than prepaid insurance, prepaid rent in respect
of the North Haven Lease and prepaid or deferred taxes), the excess of cost of
shares acquired over book value of related assets and such other assets as are
properly classified as "intangible assets" in accordance with GAAP.

         "Intercompany Debt" means (i) Debt owed by the Company to any
Subsidiary or (ii) Debt owed by any Subsidiary to the Company or to another
Subsidiary.

         "Interest Period" means: (1) with respect to each Euro-Dollar Loan, a
period commencing on the date of borrowing specified in the applicable Notice of
Borrowing or on the date specified in the applicable Notice of Interest Rate
Election and ending one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the relevant
Borrower may elect in the applicable notice; provided that:

         (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
     a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
     Euro-Dollar Business Day unless such Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in
     another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the
     next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day;

         (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business
     Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
     corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period)
     shall, subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Euro-Dollar Business
     Day of a calendar month; and

         (c) any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Termination
     Date shall end on the Termination Date;

(2) with respect to each CD Loan, a period commencing on the date of borrowing
specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or on the date specified in the
applicable Notice of Interest Rate Election and ending 30, 60, 90 or 180 days
thereafter, as the relevant Borrower may elect in the applicable notice;
provided that:

                                       12
<PAGE>   19
         (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
     a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
     Euro-Dollar Business Day; and

         (b) any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Termination
     Date shall end on the Termination Date;

(3) with respect to each Money Market LIBOR Loan, the period commencing on the
date specified in the applicable Notice of Money Market Borrowing and ending
such number of days thereafter (but not less than 7 days) as the relevant
Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.3; provided that:

         (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
     a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
     Euro-Dollar Business Day unless (i) such Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in
     another calendar month and (ii) such Interest Period has a duration of one
     or more whole months, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the
     next preceding Euro-Dollar Business Day;

         (b) if any Interest Period has a duration of one or more whole months
     and begins on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a calendar month (or on
     a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar
     month at the end of such Interest Period), such Interest Period shall,
     subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of a
     calendar month; and

         (c) any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Termination
     Date shall end on the Termination Date;

(4) with respect to each Money Market Absolute Rate Loan, the period commencing
on the date specified in the applicable Notice of Money Market Borrowing and
ending such number of days thereafter (but not less than 7 days) as the relevant
Borrower may elect in accordance with Section 2.3; provided that:

         (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
     a Euro-Dollar Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding
     Euro-Dollar Business Day; and

                                       13
<PAGE>   20
         (b) any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Termination
     Date shall end on the Termination Date; and

(5) with respect to each Yen Loan, a period commencing on the date of borrowing
specified in the applicable Notice of Yen Borrowing or on the date specified in
the applicable Notice of Interest Rate Election and ending one, two, three or
six months thereafter, as the relevant Borrower may elect in the applicable
notice; provided that:

         (a) any Interest Period which would otherwise end on a day which is not
     a Tokyo Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Tokyo
     Business Day unless such Tokyo Business Day falls in another calendar
     month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding
     Tokyo Business Day;

         (b) any Interest Period which begins on the last Tokyo Business Day of
     a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically
     corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period)
     shall, subject to clause (c) below, end on the last Tokyo Business Day of a
     calendar month; and

         (c) any Interest Period which would otherwise end after the Termination
     Date shall end on the Termination Date.

         "Internal Revenue Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time, or any successor statute.

         "Investment" means any investment in any Person, whether made by means
of share purchase, capital contribution, loan, time deposit, contribution of
assets, assumption of liabilities or otherwise.

         "Investment Grade Status" exists at any date if the Company's
outstanding senior unsecured long-term debt securities (without any third-party
credit enhancement) are rated BBB- or higher by S&P and Baa3 or higher by
Moody's on such date; provided that, if the Company has no senior unsecured
long-term debt securities outstanding at such date, such ratings may be
established by letters from each of S&P and Moody's until either (i) the Company
shall have received notice from either S&P or Moody's that its letter rating has
been lowered below BBB- or Baa3, as the case may be, or withdrawn or (ii) either
S&P or Moody's shall have refused to affirm its letter rating when asked to do
so by the Administrative Agent (at the request of any Lender).

                                       14
<PAGE>   21
         "Invitation for Money Market Quotes" means an Invitation for Money
Market Quotes substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

         "Issuing Banks" means NationsBank, BNY and any other Bank appointed
pursuant to Section 2.14(j), each in its capacity as issuing bank for one or
more Letters of Credit hereunder, and their respective successors.

         "Lender" means a Bank or a Yen Lender, as the context may require, and
"Lenders" means all of the Banks and Yen Lenders.

         "Lending Office" means an Applicable Lending Office or a Yen Lending
Office, as the context may require.

         "Letters of Credit" means, subject to the last sentence of Section
2.14(a)(iii), each letter of credit issued by an Issuing Bank pursuant to
Section 2.14.

         "LIBOR Auction" means a solicitation of Money Market Quotes setting
forth Money Market Margins based on the London Interbank Offered Rate pursuant
to Section 2.3.

         "Lien" means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind, or any other type of
preferential arrangement that has the practical effect of creating a security
interest, in respect of such asset. For the purposes of this Agreement, the
Company or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset
which it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor
under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention
agreement relating to such asset.

         "Loan" means a Committed Loan or a Money Market Loan.

         "London Interbank Offered Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.7(c).

         "Material Debt" means (i) the North Haven Notes and (ii) any other Debt
(except the Loans and the Reimbursement Obligations) of the Company and/or one
or more Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions,
in an aggregate outstanding principal amount exceeding $10,000,000.

         "Material Financial Obligations" means a principal or face amount of
Debt and/or payment obligations in respect of Derivatives Obligations of the
Company and/or one or more

                                       15
<PAGE>   22
Subsidiaries, arising in one or more related or unrelated transactions,
exceeding in the aggregate $10,000,000.

         "Material Plan" means at any time a Plan or Plans having aggregate
Unfunded Liabilities in excess of $10,000,000.

         "Money Market Absolute Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.3(d).

         "Money Market Absolute Rate Loan" means a loan made or to be made by a
Bank pursuant to an Absolute Rate Auction.

         "Money Market Lending Office" means, as to each Bank, its Domestic
Lending Office or such other office, branch or affiliate of such Bank as it may
hereafter designate as its Money Market Lending Office by notice to the Company
and the Administrative Agent; provided that any Bank may from time to time by
notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent designate separate Money
Market Lending Offices for its Money Market LIBOR Loans, on the one hand, and
its Money Market Absolute Rate Loans, on the other hand, in which case all
references herein to the Money Market Lending Office of such Bank shall be
deemed to refer to either or both of such offices, as the context may require.

         "Money Market LIBOR Loan" means a loan made or to be made by a Bank
pursuant to a LIBOR Auction (including such a loan bearing interest at the Base
Rate pursuant to Section 9.1(a)).

         "Money Market Loan" means a Money Market LIBOR Loan or a Money Market
Absolute Rate Loan.

         "Money Market Margin" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(d).

         "Money Market Quote" means an offer by a Bank to make a Money Market
Loan in accordance with Section 2.3.

         "Money Market Quote Request" means a Money Market Quote Request
substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

         "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

         "Morgan" means Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York.

         "Multiemployer Plan" means at any time an employee pension benefit plan
within the meaning of Section

                                       16
<PAGE>   23
4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or
accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five
plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which
ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such five year period.

         "NationsBank" means NationsBank, N.A.

         "Non-United States Borrower" means a Borrower that is organized under
the laws of a jurisdiction outside the United States.

         "North Haven Financing Documents" means (i) the Participation Agreement
dated of January 14, 1993 among the Company (as lessee), Bakers Properties
Limited Partnership (as owner participant), the note purchasers listed therein,
State Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, National Association (Owner
Trustee) and Norwest Bank Minnesota, National Association (successor Indenture
Trustee) and (ii) each of the "Operative Documents" referred to therein, in each
case as in effect from time to time.

         "North Haven Lease" means the Lease Agreement dated as of January 14,
1993 between State Street Bank and Trust Company of Connecticut, National
Association (Owner Trustee), as lessor, and the Company, as lessee, as in effect
from time to time.

         "North Haven Notes" means the notes outstanding from time to time under
the Trust Indenture, Assignment of Leases, Open-End Mortgage and Security
Agreement dated as of January 14, 1993 between State Street Bank and Trust
Company of Connecticut, National Association (Owner Trustee) and Norwest Bank
Minnesota, National Association (successor Indenture Trustee), as in effect from
time to time.

         "Notes" means promissory notes of a Borrower, substantially in the form
of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the obligation of such Borrower to repay the
Loans made to it, and "Note" means any one of such promissory notes issued
hereunder.

         "Notice of Borrowing" means a Notice of Committed Borrowing (as defined
in Section 2.2) or a Notice of Money Market Borrowing (as defined in Section
2.3(f)).

         "Notice of Interest Rate Election" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.8(a).

                                       17
<PAGE>   24
         "Notice of LC Extension" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).

         "Notice of LC Issuance" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).

         "Notice of Yen Borrowing" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.

         "Notice of Yen Interest Period Election" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.6.

         "Other Existing Debt Documents" means the North Haven Financing
Documents and the U.I.S. Financing Documents.

         "Other Scheduled Debt Payments" means, for any period, the aggregate
amount (without duplication) of (a) all scheduled repayments of principal
(including the principal component of scheduled payments of rent under capital
leases) required to be made by the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
during such period with respect to Debt of the types described in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) of the definition of "Debt" and (b) all scheduled payments of
principal and interest required to be made in cash with respect to the North
Haven Notes during such period (but only to the extent that such scheduled
payments exceed the amount included in Consolidated Net Rent Expense for such
period in respect thereof), but excluding payments in respect of the North Haven
Notes that result from payments of contingent rent under the North Haven Lease.

         "Parent" means, with respect to any Lender, any Person controlling such
Lender.

         "Participant" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.6(b).

         "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity
succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

         "Permitted Asset Securitization" means a sale or other disposition by
the Company of its accounts and notes receivable in a transaction permitted by
Section 6.14(c).

         "Permitted Temporary Cash Investment" means any Investment in:

                                       18
<PAGE>   25
         (i) direct obligations of the United States or any agency thereof, or
     obligations guaranteed by the United States or any agency thereof,

         (ii) direct obligations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or any
     agency thereof or any authority organized under the laws thereof, provided
     in each case that such obligation is, at the time of acquisition thereof,
     rated BBB+ or better by S&P or Baa1 or better by Moody's,

         (iii) commercial paper rated, at the time of acquisition thereof, at
     least A-1 by S&P and P-1 by Moody's,

         (iv) time deposits with, including certificates of deposit issued by,
     any office located in the United States of any Eligible Bank,

         (v) repurchase agreements with respect to securities described in
     clause (i) above entered into with an office located in the United States
     of any Eligible Bank,

         (vi) timedeposits with, including certificates of deposit issued by,
     any office located in Puerto Rico of Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, Banco
     Santander Puerto Rico or any Eligible Bank, or

         (vii) shares of an investment company with an aggregate net asset value
     of not less than $500,000,000, the investments of which are limited to
     short-term direct obligations of the United States or obligations backed by
     short-term direct obligations of the United States,

provided that (x) each such Investment (other than an Investment permitted by
clause (ii) or (vi) above) matures within one year from the date of acquisition
thereof and (y) each Investment permitted by clause (ii) or (vi) above matures
within five years from the date of acquisition thereof. As used in this
definition, the term "Eligible Bank" means any bank or trust company which shall
have a combined capital, surplus and undivided profits of not less than
$100,000,000 and whose long-term certificates of deposit are, at the time of
acquisition thereof, rated A or better by S&P and A or better by Moody's.

         "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an
association, a trust or any other entity or

                                       19
<PAGE>   26
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or
instrumentality thereof.

         "Plan" means at any time an employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the
minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and
either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group
for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within
the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which
was at such time a member of the ERISA Group.

         "Preferred Dividends" means, for any period, all dividends declared by
the Company during such period with respect to its preferred stock.

         "Pricing Level" has the meaning set forth in the Pricing Schedule.

         "Pricing Period" has the meaning set forth in the Pricing Schedule.

         "Pricing Ratio" has the meaning set forth in the Pricing Schedule.

         "Pricing Schedule" means the Pricing Schedule attached hereto.

         "Prime Rate" means the rate of interest publicly announced by
NationsBank in Charlotte, North Carolina, from time to time as its Prime Rate.
The Prime Rate is not necessarily the best or lowest rate of interest offered by
NationsBank.

         "Quarterly Payment Date" means the last Euro-Dollar Business Day of
each March, June, September and December during the period from the Effective
Date to the Termination Date.

         "Reference Banks" means the CD Reference Banks or the Euro-Dollar
Reference Banks, as the context may require, and "Reference Bank" means any one
of such Reference Banks.

         "Regulation U" means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.

                                       20
<PAGE>   27
         "Relevant Agent" means the Administrative Agent or the Yen
Administrative Agent, as the context requires.

         "Reimbursement Obligation" means an obligation of a Borrower to
reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.14 for the amount of a
drawing under a Letter of Credit.

         "Required Banks" means at any time Banks having at least 60% of the
aggregate amount of the Commitments or, if the Commitments have been terminated,
having at least 60% of the aggregate amount of the Total Exposures.

         "Required Lenders" means at any time Lenders having at least 60% of
aggregate amount of the Total Commitments or, if the Commitments and the Yen
Commitments have been terminated, having Total Exposures and/or outstanding Yen
Loans in an aggregate amount equal to at least 60% of the sum of all the Total
Exposures and Yen Loans then outstanding. Interest accrued on the Loans,
Reimbursement Obligations and Yen Loans shall not be included in any calculation
for purposes of this definition, and the principal amounts of the Yen Loans
shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent Amounts thereof.

         "Required Yen Lenders" means at any time Yen Lenders having at least
60% of the aggregate amount of the Yen Commitments or, if the Yen Commitments
have been terminated, holding Yen Notes evidencing at least 60% of the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Yen Loans.

         "Responsible Officer" as it applies to the Company means the president,
the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the chief financial
officer, the treasurer, the general counsel or any other officer of the Company
whose responsibilities include the administration of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

         "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services.

         "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         "Subsidiary" means, at any time, any corporation or other entity of
which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to
elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar
functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by the Company.

                                       21
<PAGE>   28
         "Substantially Wholly-Owned Consolidated Subsidiary" means any
Consolidated Subsidiary at least 98% of the shares of capital stock or other
ownership interests of which are at the time directly or indirectly owned by the
Company.

         "Termination Date" means January 5, 2001.

         "TIBOR Margin" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7.

         "Tokyo Business Day" means any Domestic Business Day on which
commercial banks are open for business in Tokyo.

         "Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.7.

         "Total Commitment" means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of its
Commitment (if any) and its Yen Commitment (if any).

         "Total Committed Exposure" means, with respect to any Bank at any time,
the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of its Committed Loans then
outstanding, (ii) its share of the undrawn amount which is then, or may
thereafter become, available for drawing under each Letter of Credit then
outstanding and (iii) its share of the principal amount of each unpaid
Reimbursement Obligation then outstanding.

         "Total Exposure" means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the sum
of its Total Committed Exposure and the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of its Money Market Loans at such time.

         "U.I.S. Financing Documents" means (i) the financing lease among Union
pour le Financement d'Immeubles de Societes (Association for the Financing of
Commercial Buildings or "U.I.S.") and Societe pour le Financement des Immeubles
d'Entreprise FINABAIL (Corporation for the Financing of Commercial Buildings or
"FINABAIL") together, as Lessor, A.S.E. PARTNERS ("ASE"), as Lessee, and the
Company, as Guarantor, governed by the favorable regime applicable to SICOMIs
(Societe Immobilieres pour le Commerce et l'Industrie), with respect to the DC
Building (as defined therein) dated January 4, 1994; (ii) the financing lease
among U.I.S. and FINABAIL together, as Lessor, ASE, as Lessee, and the Company,
as Guarantor, governed by the common-law regime, with respect to the H.Q.
Building (as defined therein) dated January 4, 1994; and (iii) the side

                                       22
<PAGE>   29
agreement dated January 4, 1994 between FINABAIL, U.I.S., ASE and the Company,
as Guarantor.

         "Unfunded Liabilities" means, with respect to any Plan at any time, the
amount (if any) by which (i) the value of all benefit liabilities under such
Plan, determined on a plan termination basis using the assumptions prescribed by
the PBGC for purposes of Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds (ii) the fair market
value of all Plan assets allocable to such liabilities under Title IV of ERISA
(excluding any accrued but unpaid contributions), all determined as of the then
most recent valuation date for such Plan, but only to the extent that such
excess represents a potential liability of a member of the ERISA Group to the
PBGC or any other Person under Title IV of ERISA.

         "United States" means the United States of America, including the
States thereof and the District of Columbia, but excluding its territories and
possessions.

         "United States Borrower" means a Borrower that is organized under the
laws of the United States or any of the States thereof.

         "Yen" and the sign "Yen" mean lawful money of Japan.

         "Yen Administrative Agent" means BNY, in its capacity as Yen
Administrative Agent for the Yen Lenders hereunder, and its successors in such
capacity.

         "Yen Borrowing" means at any time a borrowing hereunder consisting of
Yen Loans which are made to a single Borrower at the same time by the Yen
Lenders pursuant to Article 3 and have the same Interest Period.

         "Yen Commitment" means, with respect to each Yen Lender, the amount set
forth opposite the name of such Yen Lender on the Yen Commitment Schedule
attached hereto (or in the case of an Assignee, the portion of the transferor
Yen Lender's Commitment assigned to such Assignee pursuant to Section 12.6(c)),
in each case as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section
3.9 or changed as a result of an assignment pursuant to Section 12.6(c).

         "Yen Lender" means each bank or other institution listed on the Yen
Commitment Schedule attached hereto, each Assignee which becomes a Yen Lender
pursuant to Section 12.6(c), and their respective successors.

         "Yen Lending Office" means, as to each Yen Lender, its office located
at its address set forth in its

                                       23
<PAGE>   30
Administrative Questionnaire or such other office as such Yen Lender may
hereafter designate as its Yen Lending Office by notice to the Company and the
Yen Administrative Agent.

         "Yen Loan" means a loan made by a Yen Lender pursuant to Section 3.1.

         "Yen Notes" means promissory notes of a Borrower, substantially in the
form of Exhibit B hereto, evidencing the obligation of such Borrower to repay
the Yen Loans made to it, and "Yen Note" means any one of such promissory notes
issued hereunder.

         "Yen Overdraft Rate" means, for each day, the Bank of Japan overdraft
interest rate in effect for such day.

         SECTION 1.2. Accounting Terms and Determinations. Unless otherwise
specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, all
accounting determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements
required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in accordance with GAAP;
provided that, if the Company notifies the Documentation Agent that the Company
wishes to amend any provision of the Pricing Schedule and/or any covenant in
Article 6 to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP on the calculation of
the Pricing Ratio and/or on the operation of such covenant (or if the
Documentation Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders wish to amend
any such provision and/or any such covenant for such purpose), then the Pricing
Ratios shall be calculated and/or the Company's compliance with such covenant
shall be determined on the basis of GAAP as in effect immediately before the
relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn
or such provision and/or covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory to the
Company and the Required Lenders. Subject to the foregoing proviso, the amounts
used to determine the Company's compliance with the financial covenants
contained herein shall be the amounts that are (or will be) set forth or
otherwise reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared
in accordance with GAAP.


                                    ARTICLE 2
                               THE DOLLAR CREDITS

         SECTION 2.1. Commitments to Lend. Each Bank severally agrees, on the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make loans in Dollars to
the Borrowers pursuant to this Section from time to time on and after the

                                       24
<PAGE>   31
Effective Date and prior to the Termination Date; provided that at no time shall
such Bank's Total Committed Exposure exceed its Commitment. Each Borrowing under
this Section shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or any
larger multiple of $1,000,000 (except that any such Borrowing may be in the
aggregate amount of the unused Commitments) and shall be made from the several
Banks ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments. Within the
foregoing limits, a Borrower may borrow under this Section, prepay Loans to the
extent permitted by Section 2.11, and reborrow under this Section at any time
prior to the Termination Date.

         SECTION 2.2. Notice of Committed Borrowing. The relevant Borrower shall
give the Administrative Agent notice (a "Notice of Committed Borrowing") not
later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) (x) on the date of each Base Rate
Borrowing, (y) on the second Domestic Business Day before each CD Borrowing and
(z) on the third Euro-Dollar Business Day before each Euro-Dollar Borrowing,
specifying:

         (i) the name of the relevant Borrower,

        (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Domestic Business Day
     in the case of a Domestic Borrowing or a Euro-Dollar Business Day in the
     case of a Euro-Dollar Borrowing,

       (iii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing,

        (iv) whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to bear interest
     initially at the Base Rate, a CD Rate or a Euro-Dollar Rate, and

         (v) in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing, the duration of the initial
     Interest Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the
     definition of Interest Period.

         SECTION 2.3. Money Market Borrowings.

         (a) The Money Market Option. In addition to Committed Borrowings
pursuant to Section 2.1, any Borrower may, as set forth in this Section, request
the Banks to make offers to make Money Market Loans in Dollars to such Borrower
from time to time on and after the Effective Date and prior to the Termination
Date. The Banks may, but shall have no obligation to, make such offers and such
Borrower may, but shall have no obligation to, accept any such offers in the
manner set forth in this Section.

                                       25
<PAGE>   32
         (b) Money Market Quote Request. When a Borrower wishes to request
offers to make Money Market Loans under this Section, it shall transmit to the
Administrative Agent by telex or facsimile transmission a Money Market Quote
Request so as to be received no later than 10:30 A.M. (New York City time) on
(x) the fifth Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the date of Borrowing proposed
therein, in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) the Domestic Business Day next
preceding the date of Borrowing proposed therein, in the case of an Absolute
Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as the Company and the
Administrative Agent shall have mutually agreed and shall have notified to the
Banks not later than the date of the Money Market Quote Request for the first
LIBOR Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for which such change is to be effective)
specifying:

           (i) the name of the proposed Borrower,

          (ii) the proposed date of Borrowing, which shall be a Euro-Dollar
     Business Day in the case of a LIBOR Auction or a Domestic Business Day in
     the case of an Absolute Rate Auction,

         (iii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing, which shall be $5,000,000
     or a larger multiple of $1,000,000,

          (iv) the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, subject 
     to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period, and

          (v) whether the Money Market Quotes requested are to set forth a Money
     Market Margin or a Money Market Absolute Rate.

A Borrower may request offers to make Money Market Loans for more than one
Interest Period in a single Money Market Quote Request. No Money Market Quote
Request shall be given within five Euro-Dollar Business Days (or such other
number of days as the Company and the Administrative Agent may agree) of any
other Money Market Quote Request.

         (c) Invitation for Money Market Quotes. Promptly upon receipt of a
Money Market Quote Request, the Administrative Agent shall send to the Banks by
telex or facsimile transmission an Invitation for Money Market Quotes which
shall constitute an invitation by the relevant Borrower to each Bank to submit
Money Market Quotes offering to make the Money Market Loans to which such Money
Market Quote Request relates in accordance with this Section.

                                       26
<PAGE>   33
         (d) Submission and Contents of Money Market Quotes.

              (i) EachBank may submit a Money Market Quote containing an offer
     or offers to make Money Market Loans in response to any Invitation for
     Money Market Quotes. Each Money Market Quote must comply with the
     requirements of this subsection (d) and must be submitted to the
     Administrative Agent by telex or facsimile transmission at its offices
     specified in or pursuant to Section 12.1 not later than (x) 2:00 P.M. (New
     York City time) on the fourth Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the
     proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) 9:30 A.M.
     (New York City time) on the proposed date of Borrowing, in the case of an
     Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case, such other time or date as the
     Company and the Administrative Agent shall have mutually agreed and shall
     have notified to the Banks not later than the date of the Money Market
     Quote Request for the first LIBOR Auction or Absolute Rate Auction for
     which such change is to be effective); provided that Money Market Quotes
     submitted by the Administrative Agent (or any affiliate of the
     Administrative Agent) in the capacity of a Bank may be submitted, and may
     only be submitted, if the Administrative Agent or such affiliate notifies
     the relevant Borrower of the terms of the offer or offers contained therein
     not later than (x) one hour prior to the deadline for the other Banks, in
     the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) 15 minutes prior to the deadline for the
     other Banks, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction. Subject to Articles 4
     and 7, any Money Market Quote so made shall be irrevocable except with the
     written consent of the Administrative Agent given on the instructions of
     the relevant Borrower.

              (ii) Each Money Market Quote shall be in substantially the form of
     Exhibit E hereto and shall in any case specify:

                   (A) the proposed date of Borrowing,

                   (B) the principal amount of the Money Market Loan for which
         each such offer is being made, which principal amount (w) may be
         greater than or less than the Commitment of the quoting Bank, (x) must
         be $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000, (y) may not exceed
         the principal amount of Money Market Loans for which offers were
         requested, and (z) may be subject to an aggregate

                                       27
<PAGE>   34
         limitation as to the principal amount of Money Market Loans for which
         offers being made by such quoting Bank may be accepted,

                   (C) in the case of a LIBOR Auction, the margin above or below
         the applicable London Interbank Offered Rate (the "Money Market
         Margin") offered for each such Money Market Loan, expressed as a
         percentage (specified to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) to be added to
         or subtracted from such base rate,

                   (D) in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction, the rate of
         interest per annum (specified to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%) (the
         "Money Market Absolute Rate") offered for each such Money Market Loan,
         and

                   (E) the identity of the quoting Bank.

     A Money Market Quote may set forth up to five separate offers by the
     quoting Bank with respect to each Interest Period specified in the related
     Invitation for Money Market Quotes.

         (iii) Any Money Market Quote shall be disregarded if it:

                   (A) is not substantially in conformity with Exhibit E hereto
         or does not specify all of the information required by subsection
         (d)(ii);

                   (B) contains qualifying, conditional or similar language,
         except an aggregate limitation permitted by subsection (d)(ii)(B)(z);

                   (C) proposes terms other than or in addition to those set
         forth in the applicable Invitation for Money Market Quotes, except an
         aggregate limitation permitted by subsection (d)(ii)(B)(z); or

                   (D) arrives after the time set forth in subsection (d)(i).

         (e) Notice to Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
the relevant Borrower of the terms (x) of any Money Market Quote submitted by a
Bank that is in accordance with subsection (d) and (y) of any Money Market Quote
that amends, modifies or is otherwise inconsistent with a previous Money Market
Quote submitted by such Bank

                                       28
<PAGE>   35
with respect to the same Money Market Quote Request. Any such subsequent Money
Market Quote shall be disregarded by the Administrative Agent unless such
subsequent Money Market Quote is submitted solely to correct a manifest error in
such former Money Market Quote. The Administrative Agent's notice to the
relevant Borrower shall specify (A) the aggregate principal amount of Money
Market Loans for which offers have been received for each Interest Period
specified in the related Money Market Quote Request, (B) the respective
principal amounts and Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as
the case may be, so offered and (C) if applicable, limitations on the aggregate
principal amount of Money Market Loans for which offers in any single Money
Market Quote may be accepted.

         (f) Acceptance and Notice by Borrower. Not later than 10:30 A.M.
(Eastern time) on (x) the third Euro-Dollar Business Day prior to the proposed
date of Borrowing, in the case of a LIBOR Auction or (y) the proposed date of
Borrowing, in the case of an Absolute Rate Auction (or, in either case, such
other time or date as the Company and the Administrative Agent shall have
mutually agreed and shall have notified to the Banks not later than the date of
the Money Market Quote Request for the first LIBOR Auction or Absolute Rate
Auction for which such change is to be effective), the relevant Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent of its acceptance or non-acceptance of the
offers so notified to it pursuant to subsection (e). In the case of acceptance,
such notice (a "Notice of Money Market Borrowing") shall specify the aggregate
principal amount of offers for each Interest Period that are accepted. The
relevant Borrower may accept any Money Market Quote in whole or in part;
provided that:

                (i) the aggregate principal amount of each Money Market 
     Borrowing may not exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related 
     Money Market Quote Request,

               (ii) the principal amount of each Money Market Borrowing must be
     $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000,

              (iii) acceptance of offers may only be made on the basis of
     ascending Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as the case
     may be, and

               (iv) the relevant Borrower may not accept any offer that is
     described in subsection (d)(iii) or that otherwise fails to comply with the
     requirements of this Agreement.

                                       29
<PAGE>   36
         (g) Allocation by Administrative Agent. If offers are made by two or
more Banks with the same Money Market Margins or Money Market Absolute Rates, as
the case may be, for a greater aggregate principal amount than the amount in
respect of which such offers are accepted for the related Interest Period, the
principal amount of Money Market Loans in respect of which such offers are
accepted shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such Banks as
nearly as possible (in multiples of $1,000,000, as the Administrative Agent may
deem appropriate) in proportion to the aggregate principal amounts of such
offers. Determinations by the Administrative Agent of the amounts of Money
Market Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

         SECTION 2.4. Notice to Banks; Funding of Loans. (a) Upon receipt of a
Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank
participating in the relevant Borrowing of the contents thereof and of such
Bank's share of such Borrowing and such Notice of Borrowing shall not thereafter
be revocable by the relevant Borrower. In the case of a Base Rate Borrowing, the
Administrative Agent shall give such notice to each Bank as promptly as
practicable and in any event not later than 12:30 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the
date of such Base Rate Borrowing.

         (b) Not later than 2:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the date of each
Borrowing, each Bank participating therein shall make available its share of
such Borrowing, in Federal or other funds immediately available in Charlotte,
North Carolina, to the Administrative Agent at its address referred to in
Section 12.1. Unless the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable
condition specified in Article 4 has not been satisfied, the Administrative
Agent will make the funds so received from the Banks available to the relevant
Borrower at the Administrative Agent's aforesaid address.

         (c) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a
Bank prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Bank will not make available
to the Administrative Agent such Bank's share of such Borrowing, the
Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such share available to
the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with
subsection (b) of this Section and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance
upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower on such date a
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made
such share available to the Administrative Agent, such Bank and the relevant
Borrower

                                       30
<PAGE>   37
severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such 
corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
such amount is made available to the relevant Borrower until the date such 
amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the 
relevant Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds 
Rate and the interest rate applicable thereto pursuant to Section 2.7 and (ii)
in the case of such Bank, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Bank shall repay to 
the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall
constitute such Bank's Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this 
Agreement.

         SECTION 2.5. Notes. (a) The Loans of each Bank to each Borrower shall
be evidenced by a single Note of such Borrower payable to the order of such Bank
for the account of its Applicable Lending Office in an amount equal to the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Bank's Loans to such Borrower.

         (b) Upon receipt of a Note of a Borrower for each Bank pursuant to
Section 4.1(b) or 4.3(a), the Documentation Agent shall forward such Note to
such Bank. Each Bank shall record the date, amount and type of each Loan made by
it to each Borrower and the date and amount of each payment of principal made by
such Borrower with respect thereto, and may, if such Bank so elects in
connection with any transfer or enforcement of its Note of such Borrower,
endorse on the schedule forming a part thereof appropriate notations (or attach
thereto a schedule containing such notations) to evidence the foregoing
information with respect to each such Loan to such Borrower then outstanding;
provided that the failure of any Bank to make any such recordation or
endorsement shall not affect the obligations of such Borrower hereunder or under
its Notes. Each Bank is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Borrower so to
endorse its Notes and to attach to and make a part of any Note such a schedule
and a continuation of any such schedule as and when required.

         SECTION 2.6. Mandatory Termination of Commitments; Maturity of Loans.
(a) The Commitments shall terminate on the Termination Date, unless terminated
earlier in accordance with this Agreement, and any Loans then outstanding
(together with accrued interest thereon) shall be due and payable on such date.

         (b) Each Money Market Loan included in any Money Market Borrowing shall
mature, and the principal amount

                                       31
<PAGE>   38
thereof shall be due and payable, on the last day of the Interest Period
applicable to such Borrowing.

         SECTION 2.7. Interest Rates. (a) Each Base Rate Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date
such Loan is made (or converted to a Base Rate Loan) until it becomes due (or is
converted to a CD Loan or Euro-Dollar Loan), at a rate per annum equal to the
Base Rate for such day. Such interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears on
each Quarterly Payment Date and, with respect to the principal amount of any
Base Rate Loan converted to a CD Loan or a Euro-Dollar Loan, on the date such
principal amount is so converted. Any overdue principal of or interest on any
Base Rate Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid
at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate for such day.

         (b) Each CD Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal
amount thereof, for each day during each Interest Period applicable thereto, at
a rate per annum equal to the sum of the CD Margin for such day plus the
Adjusted CD Rate applicable to such Interest Period; provided that if any CD
Loan shall, as a result of clause (2)(b) of the definition of Interest Period,
have an Interest Period of less than 30 days, such CD Loan shall bear interest
during such Interest Period at the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans during
such period. Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period on the last
day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than 90 days, at intervals of
90 days after the first day thereof. Any overdue principal of or interest on any
CD Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for each day until paid at a
rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the higher of (i) the rate applicable
to Base Rate Loans for such day and (ii) the sum of the CD Margin plus the
Adjusted CD Rate applicable to such CD Loan immediately before such payment was
due.

         "CD Margin" means a rate per annum determined in accordance with the
Pricing Schedule.

         The "Adjusted CD Rate" applicable to any Interest Period means a rate
per annum determined pursuant to the following formula:

           ACDR    =    [   CDBR     *
                          1.00-DRP ]  + AR

           ACDR    =    Adjusted CD Rate
           CDBR    =    CD Base Rate

                                       32
<PAGE>   39
            DRP    =    Domestic Reserve Percentage
             AR    =    Assessment Rate

     --------------- 
     * The amount in brackets being rounded upward, if necessary, to the next
     higher 1/100 of 1%.

         The "CD Base Rate" applicable to any Interest Period is the rate of
interest determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average (rounded
upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) of the prevailing rates
per annum bid at 10:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) (or as soon thereafter as
practicable) on the first day of such Interest Period by two or more New York
certificate of deposit dealers of recognized standing for the purchase at face
value from each CD Reference Bank of its certificates of deposit in an amount
comparable to the principal amount of the CD Loan of such CD Reference Bank to
which such Interest Period applies and having a maturity comparable to such
Interest Period.

         "Domestic Reserve Percentage" means for any day that percentage
(expressed as a decimal) which is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for
determining the maximum reserve requirement (including without limitation any
basic, supplemental or emergency reserves) for a member bank of the Federal
Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding five billion Dollars in
respect of new non-personal time deposits in Dollars in New York City having a
maturity comparable to the related Interest Period and in an amount of $100,000
or more. The Adjusted CD Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the
effective date of any change in the Domestic Reserve Percentage.

         "Assessment Rate" means for any day the annual assessment rate in
effect on such day which is payable by a member of the Bank Insurance Fund
classified as adequately capitalized and within supervisory subgroup "A" (or a
comparable successor assessment risk classification) within the meaning of 12
C.F.R. Section 327.3(d) (or any successor provision) to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (or any successor) for such Corporation's (or such
successor's) insuring time deposits at offices of such institution in the United
States. The Adjusted CD Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the
effective date of any change in the Assessment Rate.

                                       33
<PAGE>   40
         (c) Each Euro-Dollar Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding
principal amount thereof, for each day during each Interest Period applicable
thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Euro-Dollar Margin for such
day plus the Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate applicable to such Interest
Period. Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period on the last day
thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at intervals
of three months after the first day thereof.

         "Euro-Dollar Margin" means a rate per annum determined in accordance
with the Pricing Schedule.

         The "Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate" applicable to any Interest
Period means a rate per annum equal to the quotient obtained (rounded upward, if
necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by dividing (i) the applicable London
Interbank Offered Rate by (ii) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage.

         The "London Interbank Offered Rate" applicable to any Interest Period
means the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%)
of the respective rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars are offered to
each of the Euro-Dollar Reference Banks in the London interbank market at
approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) two Euro-Dollar Business Days before the
first day of such Interest Period in an amount approximately equal to the
principal amount of the Euro-Dollar Loan of such Euro-Dollar Reference Bank to
which such Interest Period is to apply and for a period of time comparable to
such Interest Period.

         "Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage" means for any day that percentage
(expressed as a decimal) which is in effect on such day, as prescribed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) for
determining the maximum reserve requirement for a member bank of the Federal
Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding five billion Dollars in
respect of "Eurocurrency liabilities" (or in respect of any other category of
liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the interest rate on
Euro-Dollar Loans is determined or any category of extensions of credit or other
assets which includes loans by a non-United States office of any Bank to United
States residents). The Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate shall be adjusted
automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in the Euro-Dollar
Reserve Percentage.

         (d) Any overdue principal of or interest on any Euro-Dollar Loan shall
bear interest, payable on demand, for

                                       34
<PAGE>   41
each day until paid, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the
Euro-Dollar Margin for such day plus the higher of (i) the quotient obtained
(rounded upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/100 of 1%) by dividing (x)
the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%) of the
respective rates per annum at which one day (or, if such amount due remains
unpaid more than three Euro-Dollar Business Days, then for such other period of
time not longer than six months as the Administrative Agent may select) deposits
in Dollars in an amount approximately equal to such overdue payment due to each
of the Euro-Dollar Reference Banks are offered to such Euro-Dollar Reference
Bank in the London interbank market for the applicable period determined as
provided above by (y) 1.00 minus the Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage and (ii) the
Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate applicable to such Euro-Dollar Loan
immediately before such payment was due; provided that, if the circumstances
described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 9.1 shall exist, the rate per annum
applicable to such overdue amount for each such day shall be equal to the sum of
2% plus the Base Rate for such day.

         (e) Subject to Section 9.1, each Money Market LIBOR Loan shall bear
interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest Period
applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the London Interbank
Offered Rate for such Interest Period (determined in accordance with Section
2.7(c) as if the related Money Market LIBOR Borrowing were a Committed
Euro-Dollar Borrowing) plus (or minus) the Money Market Margin quoted by the
Bank making such Loan in accordance with Section 2.3. Each Money Market Absolute
Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for
the Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the Money
Market Absolute Rate quoted by the Bank making such Loan in accordance with
Section 2.3. Such interest shall be payable for each Interest Period on the last
day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at
intervals of three months after the first day thereof. Any overdue principal of
or interest on any Money Market Loan shall bear interest, payable on demand, for
each day until paid, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base
Rate for such day.

         (f) Within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter (commencing
with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 1995), the Company will notify the
Administrative Agent and each Bank of the Pricing Ratio determined as of the end
of such Fiscal Quarter and the Pricing Level to be applicable during the Pricing
Period that begins 46 days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter. The
Administrative

                                       35
<PAGE>   42
Agent will rely on such notification in determining interest rates and fees
hereunder for such Pricing Period, unless and until the Administrative Agent
determines (on the basis of financial statements of the Company subsequently
delivered or otherwise) that a different Pricing Level (the "Corrected Pricing
Level") is applicable during such Pricing Period, in which event the
Administrative Agent shall (i) thereafter determine interest rates and fees for
such Pricing Period based on the Corrected Pricing Level and (ii) promptly
notify the Yen Administrative Agent of the Corrected Pricing Level. If any
interest or fees accrue during such Pricing Period and are paid before the
Administrative Agent determines that the Pricing Level should be corrected as
aforesaid, the Administrative Agent shall notify the relevant Borrower and the
Banks of the amount of any resulting underpayment or overpayment. In the case of
an underpayment, the relevant Borrower shall, within three Domestic Business
Days after receiving such notice thereof, pay the amount thereof to the
Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant Banks. In the case of an
overpayment, the amount thereof shall be credited against subsequent payments of
interest and fees payable hereunder for the account of the relevant Banks, all
as determined by the Administrative Agent.

         (g) The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable to the Loans hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt
notice to the relevant Borrower and the Banks of each rate of interest so
determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error.

         (h) Each Reference Bank agrees to use its best efforts to furnish
quotations to the Administrative Agent as contemplated by this Section. If any
Reference Bank does not furnish a timely quotation, the Administrative Agent
shall determine the relevant interest rate on the basis of the quotation or
quotations furnished by the remaining Reference Bank or Reference Banks or, if
none of such quotations is available on a timely basis, the provisions of
Section 9.1 shall apply.

         SECTION 2.8. Method of Electing Interest Rates. (a) The Loans included
in each Committed Borrowing shall bear interest initially at the type of rate
specified by the relevant Borrower in the applicable Notice of Committed
Borrowing. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may from time to time elect to
change or continue the type of interest rate borne by each Group of Loans
(subject in each case to the provisions of Article 9), as follows:

                                       36
<PAGE>   43
           (i) if such Loans are Base Rate Loans, the relevant Borrower may 
     elect to convert such Loans to CD Loans as of any Domestic Business Day or
     to Euro-Dollar Loans as of any Euro-Dollar Business Day;

          (ii) if such Loans are CD Loans, the relevant Borrower may elect to
     convert such Loans to Base Rate Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans or elect to
     continue such Loans as CD Loans for an additional Interest Period, in each
     case effective on the last day of the then current Interest Period
     applicable to such Loans; or

         (iii) if such Loans are Euro-Dollar Loans, the relevant Borrower may
     elect to convert such Loans to Base Rate Loans or CD Loans or elect to
     continue such Loans as Euro-Dollar Loans for an additional Interest Period,
     in each case effective on the last day of the then current Interest Period
     applicable to such Loans.

Each such election shall be made by delivering a notice (a "Notice of Interest
Rate Election") to the Administrative Agent at least three Euro-Dollar Business
Days before the conversion or continuation selected in such notice is to be
effective (unless the relevant Loans are to be converted from Domestic Loans to
Domestic Loans of the other type or continued as Domestic Loans of the same type
for an additional Interest Period, in which case such notice shall be delivered
to the Administrative Agent at least three Domestic Business Days before such
conversion or continuation is to be effective). A Notice of Interest Rate
Election may, if it so specifies, apply to only a portion of the aggregate
principal amount of the relevant Group of Loans; provided that (i) such portion
is allocated ratably among the Loans comprising such Group and (ii) the portion
to which such notice applies, and the remaining portion to which it does not
apply, are each $5,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000.

         (b) Each Notice of Interest Rate Election shall specify:
   
                (i) the Group of Loans (or portion thereof) to which such notice
     applies;

               (ii) the date on which the conversion or continuation selected in
     such notice is to be effective, which shall comply with the applicable
     clause of subsection (a) above;

              (iii) if the Loans comprising such Group are to be converted, the
     new type of Loans and, if such new

                                       37
<PAGE>   44
     Loans are Fixed Rate Loans, the duration of the initial Interest Period
     applicable thereto; and

              (iv) if such Loans are to be continued as CD Loans or Euro-Dollar
     Loans for an additional Interest Period, the duration of such additional
     Interest Period.

Each Interest Period specified in a Notice of Interest Rate Election shall
comply with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period.

         (c) Upon receipt of a Notice of Interest Rate Election from a Borrower
pursuant to subsection (a) above, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Bank of the contents thereof and such notice shall not thereafter be
revocable by such Borrower. If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely
Notice of Interest Rate Election to the Administrative Agent for any Group of
Fixed Rate Loans, such Loans shall be converted into Base Rate Loans on the last
day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto.

         SECTION 2.9. Facility Fee. The Company shall pay to the Administrative
Agent for the account of the Banks ratably a facility fee at the Facility Fee
Rate (determined for each day in accordance with the Pricing Schedule). Such
facility fee shall accrue (i) for each day from and including the Effective Date
to but excluding the Termination Date (or earlier date of termination of the
Commitments in their entirety), on the aggregate amount of the Commitments
(whether used or unused) on such day and (ii) for each day from and including
such date of termination to but excluding the date the Committed Loans and the
Reimbursement Obligations shall be repaid in their entirety and no Letter of
Credit shall be outstanding, on the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Committed Loans, the aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding
Letters of Credit and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Reimbursement Obligations on such day. Such facility fee shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the date of
termination of the Commitments in their entirety (and, if later, the date the
Committed Loans and the Reimbursement Obligations shall be repaid in their
entirety and no Letter of Credit shall be outstanding).

         SECTION 2.10. Optional Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The
Company may, upon at least three Domestic Business Days' notice to the
Administrative Agent, terminate at any time or ratably reduce from time to time,
by an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any larger multiple

                                       38
<PAGE>   45
of $1,000,000, the unused portions of the Commitments. Upon any such termination
or reduction of the Commitments, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Bank thereof. If the Commitments are terminated in their entirety, all
facility fees accrued hereunder shall be payable on the effective date of such
termination.

         SECTION 2.11. Optional Prepayments. (a) Any Borrower may, upon at least
(i) one Domestic Business Day's notice to the Administrative Agent, in the case
of a Group of Base Rate Loans (or any Money Market Borrowing bearing interest at
the Base Rate pursuant to Section 9.1), (ii) two Domestic Business Days' notice
to the Administrative Agent in the case of any Group of CD Rate Loans, or (iii)
three Euro-Dollar Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent, in the case
of any Group of Euro-Dollar Loans, prepay the Loans comprising such Group of
Loans, in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts aggregating
$5,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000, by paying the principal amount
to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment.
Each such prepayment shall be applied to prepay ratably the Loans of the several
Banks included in such Group of Loans. In connection with any such prepayment of
Fixed Rate Loans, the relevant Borrower shall comply with the provisions of
Section 2.16, if applicable.

         (b) Except as provided in subsection (a) of this Section, no Borrower
may prepay all or any portion of the principal amount of any Money Market Loan
prior to the maturity thereof.

         (c) Upon receipt of a notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of the contents thereof
and of such Bank's ratable share of such prepayment and such notice shall not
thereafter be revocable by the relevant Borrower.

         SECTION 2.12. Mandatory Reduction of Commitments. The Company shall,
within four Euro-Dollar Business Days after any net cash proceeds are received
from the lenders or purchasers of securities in any Permitted Asset
Securitization, ratably reduce the Commitments by an aggregate amount not less
than 50% of the amount of such net cash proceeds. Upon any such reduction of the
Commitments, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank thereof.

         SECTION 2.13. Mandatory Prepayments. Concurrently with each reduction
of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.12, the Company shall prepay Committed
Loans,

                                       39
<PAGE>   46
in the manner provided in Section 2.11, to the extent (if any) required so that
no Bank's Total Committed Exposure exceeds its Commitment as so reduced.

         SECTION 2.14. Letters of Credit.

         (a) Commitments to Issue and Participate in Letters of Credit.

              (i) EachIssuing Bank agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth
     in this Agreement (and in accordance with its customary procedures, to the
     extent such procedures are not inconsistent with the terms of this
     Agreement), at the request of any Borrower to issue and extend Letters of
     Credit for the account of such Borrower from time to time on and after the
     Effective Date and prior to the date which is 14 Domestic Business Days
     before the Termination Date.

             (ii) EachBank agrees to participate as provided in this Section,
     ratably in proportion to its Commitment, in each drawing made under each
     Letter of Credit.

            (iii) The obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue or extend a
     Letter of Credit pursuant to this Section is subject to the conditions set
     forth in Section 4.2 and the following additional conditions:

                   (A) no such Letter of Credit shall be issued or extended if,
         immediately after the issuance or extension thereof, (i) any Bank's
         Total Committed Exposure would exceed its Commitment or (ii) the sum of
         (x) the aggregate undrawn amount which is, or may thereafter become,
         available for drawing under all outstanding Letters of Credit and (y)
         the aggregate principal amount of any outstanding Reimbursement
         Obligations would exceed $50,000,000;

                   (B) no such Letter of Credit shall, when issued, have an
         expiry date that is more than 15 months after its date of issuance or,
         when extended, have an extended expiry date that is more than 15 months
         after the date on which such Issuing Bank extends such Letter of
         Credit;

                   (C) no such Letter of Credit shall have an original or
         extended expiry date later than seven Domestic Business Days before the
         Termination Date;

                                       40
<PAGE>   47
                   (D) without the approval of the Required Banks, no such
         Letter of Credit shall be issued to support, directly or indirectly,
         the obligations of any Person under any of the Other Existing Debt
         Documents; and

                   (E) the form of such Letter of Credit shall be satisfactory
         to the relevant Issuing Bank.

                   A letter of credit issued by an Issuing Bank shall not
         constitute a "Letter of Credit" for purposes of this Agreement, and the
         Banks shall not be obligated to participate in drawings made
         thereunder, unless such letter of credit complies with the conditions
         set forth in clauses (B), (C) and (D) above and, immediately prior to
         the issuance of such letter of credit, such Issuing Bank is advised by
         the Administrative Agent that (x) the condition set forth in clause (A)
         above is satisfied and (y) the Administrative Agent has not determined
         that any applicable condition specified in Section 4.2 has not been
         satisfied; provided that this sentence shall not apply to any letter of
         credit issued at a time when all conditions to the relevant Issuing
         Bank's obligation to issue such letter of credit are in fact satisfied.

              (iv) No Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue any Letter of
     Credit in connection with the financing of imports into or exports from the
     United States if such Issuing Bank believes that the issuance of such
     Letter of Credit would not meet the criteria (with regard to goods shipped,
     nationality of beneficiary, country of origin, or other similar
     considerations) customarily applied by it when considering a request to
     issue such letters of credit.

         (b) Notice of LC Issuance or LC Extension. At least five Domestic
Business Days before any Letter of Credit is to be issued pursuant to this
Section, the relevant Borrower shall give notice (a "Notice of LC Issuance") to
the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank (which shall be selected
by such Borrower) specifying: (A) the name of the Borrower that is to be the
account party for such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance and expiry
date of such Letter of Credit, (C) the proposed terms of such Letter of Credit,
including the face amount thereof, and (D) the transaction that is to be
supported or financed by such Letter of Credit. At least five Domestic Business
Days before any Letter of Credit is

                                       41
<PAGE>   48
to be extended pursuant to this Section, the relevant Borrower shall give notice
(a "Notice of LC Extension") to the Administrative Agent and the relevant
Issuing Bank identifying such Letter of Credit and requesting the extension of
the expiry date thereof to a specified date complying with clauses (B) and (C)
of subsection (a)(iii) above. The Administrative Agent shall, upon receipt of
each such Notice of LC Issuance or Notice of LC Extension, promptly notify each
Bank of the contents thereof and of the amount of such Bank's ratable
participation in such Letter of Credit, and such Notice of LC Issuance or Notice
of LC Extension shall not thereafter be revocable by the relevant Borrower.

         (c) Drawings under Letters of Credit. Upon receipt from the beneficiary
of any Letter of Credit of demand for payment under such Letter of Credit, the
relevant Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the relevant Borrower and the
Administrative Agent of such demand for payment and shall determine in
accordance with the terms of such Letter of Credit whether such demand for
payment should be honored. If such Issuing Bank determines that a demand for
payment by the beneficiary of a Letter of Credit should be honored, such Issuing
Bank shall make available to such beneficiary in accordance with the terms of
such Letter of Credit the amount of the drawing under such Letter of Credit.
Such Issuing Bank shall thereupon notify the relevant Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and each Bank of the amount of such drawing paid by it.

         (d) Reimbursement and Other Payments by the Borrower.

              (i) If any amount is drawn under any Letter of Credit, the
     relevant Borrower shall reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for all amounts
     paid by such Issuing Bank upon such drawing, together with any and all
     reasonable charges and expenses which such Issuing Bank may pay or incur
     relative to such drawing and interest on the amount drawn, for each day
     from and including the date such amount is drawn to but excluding the date
     such reimbursement payment is due and payable, at the Federal Funds Rate
     for such day. Such reimbursement payment shall be due and payable (x) on
     the date such Issuing Bank notifies the relevant Borrower of such drawing,
     if such notice is given at or before 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on such
     date, or (y) if such notice is given after 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on
     such date, then not later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) on the first
     Domestic Business Day after the date such notice is given.

                                       42
<PAGE>   49
              (ii) In addition, each Borrower agrees to pay to the relevant
     Issuing Bank (A) interest on any amount not paid by such Borrower when due
     hereunder with respect to a Letter of Credit for each day from the date
     when such amount became due until such amount is paid in full, whether
     before or after judgment, payable on demand, at a rate per annum equal to
     the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate for such day, and (B) upon each transfer
     of any Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms, a sum equal to such
     amount as shall be necessary to cover the reasonable costs and expenses of
     such Issuing Bank incurred in connection with such transfer.

              (iii) If a Borrower makes any payment under this subsection (d) to
     any Issuing Bank for its own account after 3:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on any
     Domestic Business Day, such payment shall be deemed to have been made on
     the next succeeding Domestic Business Day. If a Borrower makes any payment
     under this subsection (d) to any Issuing Bank for the account of one or
     more other Banks at or after 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any Domestic
     Business Day and such Issuing Bank fails to distribute such payment to such
     Banks before the end of such Domestic Business Day, such payment shall be
     deemed to have been made on the next succeeding Domestic Business Day.

              (iv) EachIssuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative
     Agent and each Bank of the amount of each reimbursement payment received by
     it from a Borrower pursuant to this Section.

         (e) Payments by Banks with Respect to Letters of Credit.

              (i) EachBank shall be obligated to make available to the relevant
     Issuing Bank an amount equal to such Bank's ratable share of any drawing
     under a Letter of Credit; provided that each Bank's obligation shall be
     reduced by its pro rata share of any reimbursement by the relevant Borrower
     in respect of such drawing pursuant to subsection (d)(i) above. The
     relevant Issuing Bank shall notify each Bank and the Administrative Agent
     of the net amount of such Bank's obligation in respect of any drawing under
     a Letter of Credit as soon as practicable after such Issuing Bank
     determines whether it has received timely reimbursement for such drawing
     from the relevant Borrower pursuant to subsection (d)(i) above. Each Bank
     shall pay the net amount so notified to it, in Federal or other immediately
     available funds, to the relevant Issuing

                                       43
<PAGE>   50
     Bank at such Issuing Bank's address specified in or pursuant to Section
     12.1, by 3:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the date such Bank receives such
     notice (or, if such notice is received after 11:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) on
     such day, by 2:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the next following Domestic
     Business Day), together with interest on the net amount of such Bank's
     share of such drawing, for each day from and including the date of such
     drawing to but excluding the day on which such Bank's payment to the
     relevant Issuing Bank in respect thereof is due, at the Federal Funds Rate
     for such day. If such Bank fails to make such payment to the relevant
     Issuing Bank when due, such Bank shall pay to such Issuing Bank, on demand,
     interest on the overdue amount (i) for each day from and including the date
     such payment is due to but excluding the first succeeding Domestic Business
     Day (and any intervening days), at the Federal Funds Rate for such day and
     (ii) for each day thereafter until such Bank makes such payment, at a rate
     per annum equal to the sum of 2% plus the Base Rate for such day. Any
     payment made by any Bank after 3:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on any Domestic
     Business Day shall be deemed for purposes of this clause (i) to have been
     made on the next succeeding Domestic Business Day.

              (ii) Whena Bank pays to the relevant Issuing Bank the full amount
     required to be paid by it pursuant to the foregoing subsection (e)(i) in
     connection with any drawing under a Letter of Credit, such Bank shall be
     subrogated to the rights of such Issuing Bank against the relevant Borrower
     to the extent of (A) an amount equal to the portion of such drawing so paid
     by such Bank and (B) the interest on such amount payable by the relevant
     Borrower pursuant to subsection (d) above.

              (iii) If a Borrower shall reimburse the relevant Issuing Bank for
     any drawing under a Letter of Credit after one or more Banks shall have
     made funds available to such Issuing Bank with respect to such drawing in
     accordance with clause (i) of this subsection, such Issuing Bank shall
     promptly upon receipt of such reimbursement distribute to each such Bank
     its pro rata share thereof, including interest, to the extent received by
     such Issuing Bank. If any Bank has not yet made funds available to such
     Issuing Bank in respect of such drawing, such Issuing Bank shall promptly
     notify such Bank of the amount of such reimbursement received by such
     Issuing Bank from such Borrower and the related reduction of the net amount
     to
                                       44
<PAGE>   51
     be paid by such Bank to such Issuing Bank pursuant to clause (i) of this
     subsection.

              (iv) If any Issuing Bank receives any payment for the account of
     one or more other Banks before 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any Domestic
     Business Day and fails to distribute such payment to such Banks before the
     end of such Domestic Business Day, such Issuing Bank shall pay to each such
     Bank interest on its share of such payment, for each day from and including
     such Domestic Business Day to but excluding the Domestic Business Day on
     which such Issuing Bank distributes such payment, at the Federal Funds Rate
     for such day. If any Issuing Bank receives any payment for the benefit of
     one or more other Banks at or after 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any
     Domestic Business Day and fails to distribute such payment to such Banks
     before the end of the next succeeding Domestic Business Day, such Issuing
     Bank shall pay to each such Bank interest on its share of such payment, for
     each day from and including such next succeeding Domestic Business Day to
     but excluding the Domestic Business Day on which such Issuing Bank
     distributes such payment, at the Federal Funds Rate for such day.

         (f) Letter of Credit Commissions. The relevant Borrower shall pay to
the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a letter of credit
commission with respect to each Letter of Credit, computed for each day from and
including the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the
last day a drawing is available under such Letter of Credit, at the LC
Commission Rate on the undrawn amount of such Letter of Credit on such day. The
relevant Borrower also agrees to pay to each Issuing Bank, for its own account,
a commission, computed with respect to the undrawn amount of each Letter of
Credit issued by such Issuing Bank as set forth in the preceding sentence, at a
rate equal to 1/8 of 1% per annum. Such commissions shall be payable in arrears
on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the Termination Date (or on such earlier
date as no Letters of Credit are outstanding and the Commitments are terminated
in their entirety).

         "LC Commission Rate" means a rate per annum determined in accordance
with the Pricing Schedule.

         (g) Letter of Credit Status Report. The Administrative Agent shall
provide to the Company, each Bank and each Issuing Bank, within 15 days after
the close of each calendar quarter ending before the Termination Date, a summary
of the Letters of Credit that are then outstanding,

                                       45
<PAGE>   52
setting forth (to the best of its knowledge) with respect to each such Letter of
Credit (A) the name of the Borrower that is the account party, (B) the name of
the Issuing Bank, (C) the date of issuance, face amount and expiry date thereof,
(D) the undrawn amount which is then, or may thereafter become, available for
drawing thereunder and (E) the principal amount of any unpaid Reimbursement
Obligations outstanding as a result of drawings thereunder.

         (h) Payment upon Acceleration. If the Commitments shall be terminated
or the principal of the Notes or the Yen Notes shall become immediately due and
payable pursuant to Section 7.1, each Borrower shall immediately pay to the
Administrative Agent an amount in immediately available funds equal to the
aggregate amount which is then, or may thereafter become, available for drawing
under all outstanding Letters of Credit issued for such Borrower's account. The
Administrative Agent shall hold the amount paid to it by each Borrower pursuant
to this subsection (h) in a separate collateral account in the name of the
Administrative Agent and shall from time to time invest and reinvest such
amount, together with any interest or other income thereon, in Permitted
Temporary Cash Investments (which shall also be held in such collateral
account), but shall have no liability for any failure to keep such amounts so
invested. Each Borrower grants to the Administrative Agent a continuing security
interest in all amounts and Permitted Temporary Cash Investments held from time
to time in the collateral account in which such Borrower's funds are deposited
to secure such Borrower's obligations under this Section and all other amounts
payable by such Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall
apply amounts in each such collateral account in the following order of
priorities:

         first to reimburse the relevant Issuing Banks for drawings under
     Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower and to pay any
     other amounts due from such Borrower under this Section;

         second to pay, as promptly as practicable after all such Letters of
     Credit expire or are fully drawn and reimbursed, any other amounts then due
     and payable by such Borrower under this Agreement; and

         finally to pay any surplus then remaining to such Borrower.

         (i) Limited Liability of Issuing Banks. Each Borrower's obligations
under this Section shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all
circumstances and

                                       46
<PAGE>   53
irrespective of any claim, set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which
such Borrower may have or have had against any Issuing Bank, any Bank, any
beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. Each Borrower assumes all
risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary and any transferee of any
Letter of Credit issued for its account with respect to the use of such Letter
of Credit. The Banks, the Issuing Banks and their respective officers and
directors shall not be liable or responsible for, and the obligations of each
Bank to make payments, and of the relevant Borrower to reimburse the Banks or
the Issuing Banks for payments, pursuant to this Section shall not be excused
by, any action or inaction of any Bank or Issuing Bank related to: (i) the use
which may be made of any Letter of Credit or any acts or omissions of any
beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith; (ii) the validity,
sufficiency or genuineness of documents presented under any Letter of Credit, or
of any endorsements thereon, even if such documents should in fact prove to be
in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, fraudulent or forged (and
notwithstanding any notification from any Borrower to such effect); (iii)
payment by any Issuing Bank against presentation of documents to such Issuing
Bank which do not comply with the terms of the relevant Letter of Credit,
including failure of any documents to bear any reference or adequate reference
to the relevant Letter of Credit; or (iv) under any other circumstances
whatsoever, making or failing to make any payment under any Letter of Credit or
notifying or failing to notify any Bank that it is required to participate
therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Borrower shall have a claim against an
Issuing Bank, and such Issuing Bank shall be liable to such Borrower, to the
extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential,
damages suffered by such Borrower which were caused by (i) such Issuing Bank's
willful misconduct or gross negligence in determining whether documents
presented under any Letter of Credit issued by it comply with the terms thereof
or (ii) such Issuing Bank's willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit
issued by it after the timely presentation to such Issuing Bank by any
beneficiary (or a successor beneficiary to whom such Letter of Credit has been
transferred in accordance with its terms) of documents strictly complying with
the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit (other than pursuant to a
court order). Subject to the preceding sentence, any Issuing Bank may accept
documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for
further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary
unless any beneficiary (or a successor beneficiary to whom the relevant Letter
of Credit has been transferred in accordance with its terms) and the relevant
Borrower shall have notified such


                                       47
<PAGE>   54
Issuing Bank that such documents do not comply with the terms and conditions of
such Letter of Credit. Each Bank shall, ratably in accordance with its
Commitment, indemnify each Issuing Bank (to the extent not reimbursed by the
Borrowers, and without limiting any such reimbursement obligation) against any
cost, expense (including counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action,
loss or liability (except such as result from such Issuing Bank's gross
negligence or willful misconduct) that such Issuing Bank may suffer or incur in
connection with this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by such Issuing
Bank hereunder.

         (j) Appointment of Issuing Banks. The Company and the Documentation
Agent may, by one or more written instruments acceptable to and executed by each
of them, appoint one or more Banks to perform all or any portion of the
functions of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement; provided that each Bank so
appointed (i) has a combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 and
(ii) agrees in writing to act as an Issuing Bank under this Agreement.

         SECTION 2.15. General Provisions as to Payments. (a) The relevant
Borrower shall make each payment of principal of, and interest on, its Loans and
of fees and commissions payable by it hereunder, not later than 11:00 A.M.
(Eastern Time) on the date when due, in Federal or other funds immediately
available in Charlotte, North Carolina, to the Administrative Agent at its
address referred to in Section 12.1. The Administrative Agent will promptly
distribute to each Bank its ratable share (if any) of each such payment received
by the Administrative Agent for the account of one or more Banks. Whenever any
payment of principal of, or interest on, the Domestic Loans or of fees or
commissions shall be due on a day which is not a Domestic Business Day, the date
for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Domestic Business
Day. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Euro-Dollar Loans
shall be due on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the date for
payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar Business
Day unless such Euro-Dollar Business Day falls in another calendar month, in
which case the date for payment thereof shall be the next preceding Euro-Dollar
Business Day. Whenever any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Money
Market Loans shall be due on a day which is not a Euro-Dollar Business Day, the
date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Euro-Dollar
Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal is extended by operation
of law or otherwise, interest thereon shall be payable for such extended time.

                                       48
<PAGE>   55
         (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a
Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due from such Borrower to one
or more Banks hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment in full,
the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment in
full to the Administrative Agent on such date and the Administrative Agent may,
in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each Bank on such
due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and to the extent
that such Borrower shall not have so made such payment, each Bank shall repay to
the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such
Bank together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is
distributed to such Bank until the date such Bank repays such amount to the
Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for such day.

         (c) If the Administrative Agent receives any payment for the account of
one or more Banks before 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any Domestic Business Day
and fails to distribute such payment to such Banks before the end of such
Domestic Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall pay to each such Bank
interest on its share of such payment, for each day from and including such
Domestic Business Day to but excluding the Domestic Business Day on which the
Administrative Agent distributes such payment, at the Federal Funds Rate for
such day. If the Administrative Agent receives any payment for the benefit of
one or more Banks at or after 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any Domestic Business
Day and fails to distribute such payment to such Banks before the end of the
next succeeding Domestic Business Day, the Administrative Agent shall pay to
each such Bank interest on its share of such payment, for each day from and
including such next succeeding Domestic Business Day to but excluding the
Domestic Business Day on which the Administrative Agent distributes such
payment, at the Federal Funds Rate for such day.

         (d) If a Borrower makes any payment to the Administrative Agent for the
account of one or more Banks at or after 12:00 Noon (Eastern Time) on any
Domestic Business Day and the Administrative Agent fails to distribute such
payment to such Banks before the end of such Domestic Business Day, such
Borrower shall be deemed to have made such payment on the next succeeding
Domestic Business Day.

         SECTION 2.16. Funding Losses. If the relevant Borrower makes any
payment of principal with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan or any Fixed Rate Loan
is converted to a Base Rate Loan (pursuant to Article 2, 7 or 9 otherwise) on

                                       49
<PAGE>   56
any day other than the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, or the
last day of an applicable period fixed pursuant to Section 2.7(d), or if the
relevant Borrower fails to borrow or prepay any Fixed Rate Loans after notice
has been given to any Bank in accordance with Section 2.4(a), 2.8(c) or 2.11(c),
such Borrower shall pay to each Bank within 15 days after demand an amount
calculated as provided in Exhibit L hereto to compensate such Bank for any loss
or expense incurred by it (or by an existing or prospective Participant in the
related Loan), including (without limitation) any loss incurred in obtaining,
liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, provided that such Bank
shall have delivered to such Borrower a certificate as to the amount of such
loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error.

         SECTION 2.17. Computation of Interest, Fees and Commissions. Interest
based on the Prime Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of
365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days
elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All other interest
and fees payable under this Article 2 shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first
day but excluding the last day).

         SECTION 2.18 Eligible Subsidiaries. (a) Any Substantially Wholly-Owned
Consolidated Subsidiary may become an Eligible Subsidiary either (i) by signing
this Agreement as originally executed or (ii) by signing and delivering to the
Administrative Agent an Election to Participate duly executed by such Subsidiary
and by the Company in such number of copies as the Administrative Agent shall
request.

         (b) Any Eligible Subsidiary shall cease to be an Eligible Subsidiary
upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of an Election to Terminate duly
executed by such Subsidiary and by the Company in such number of copies as the
Administrative Agent shall request. The delivery of an Election to Terminate to
the Administrative Agent shall not affect any obligation of such Subsidiary
theretofore incurred by such Subsidiary under this Agreement, its Notes or its
Yen Notes.

         (c) Promptly upon receiving any such Election to Participate or
Election to Terminate, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Yen
Administrative Agent and each Lender thereof.

                                       50
<PAGE>   57
                                    ARTICLE 3
                                 THE YEN CREDITS


         SECTION 3.1. Commitments to Lend. Each Yen Lender severally agrees, on
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make loans in Yen to
the Borrowers pursuant to this Section from time to time on and after the
Effective Date and prior to the Termination Date; provided that no Yen Borrowing
under this Section shall be made if, immediately after giving effect thereto,
the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of
Yen Loans made by any Yen Lender would exceed its Yen Commitment. Each Yen
Borrowing under this Section shall be in an aggregate principal amount of
Yen 500,000,000 or any larger multiple of Yen 100,000,000 (except that the 
Dollar Equivalent Amount of any Yen Borrowing may be in the aggregate amount of
the unused Yen Commitments) and shall be made from the several Yen Lenders 
ratably in proportion to their respective Yen Commitments. Within the foregoing
limits, a Borrower may borrow under this Section, prepay Yen Loans to the extent
permitted by Section 3.10, and reborrow under this Section at any time prior to
the Termination Date.

         SECTION 3.2. Notice of Yen Borrowing. The relevant Borrower shall give
the Yen Administrative Agent notice (a "Notice of Yen Borrowing") not later than
10:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) on the fourth Tokyo Business Day before each Yen
Borrowing, specifying:

           (i) the name of the proposed Borrower;

          (ii) the date of such Yen Borrowing, which shall be a Tokyo Business
    Day;

         (iii) the aggregate amount of such Yen Borrowing; and

          (iv) the duration of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto,
    subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period.

         SECTION 3.3. Notice to Yen Lenders; Funding of Yen Loans. (a) Upon
receipt of a Notice of Yen Borrowing, the Yen Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify each Yen Lender of the contents thereof and of such Yen Lender's
ratable share of such Yen Borrowing and such Notice of Yen Borrowing shall not
thereafter be revocable by the relevant Borrower.

                                       51
<PAGE>   58
         (b) Not later than 2:00 P.M. (Tokyo time) on the date of each Yen
Borrowing, each Yen Lender participating therein shall make available its share
of such Yen Borrowing, in Yen immediately available in Tokyo, to the Yen
Administrative Agent at its address in Tokyo referred to in Section 12.1. Unless
the Yen Administrative Agent determines that any applicable condition specified
in Article 4 has not been satisfied, the Yen Administrative Agent will make the
funds so received from the Yen Lenders available to the relevant Borrower at the
Yen Administrative Agent's aforesaid address.

         (c) Unless the Yen Administrative Agent shall have received notice from
a Yen Lender at least three Tokyo Business Days prior to the date of any Yen
Borrowing that such Yen Lender will not make available to the Yen Administrative
Agent such Yen Lender's share of such Yen Borrowing, the Yen Administrative
Agent may assume that such Yen Lender has made such share available to the Yen
Administrative Agent on the date of such Yen Borrowing in accordance with
subsection (b) of this Section and the Yen Administrative Agent may, in reliance
upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower on such date a
corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Yen Lender shall not have
so made such share available to the Yen Administrative Agent, such Yen Lender
and the relevant Borrower severally agree to repay to the Yen Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest
thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such
Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Yen Administrative Agent,
at (i) in the case of such Borrower, a rate per annum equal to the higher of the
Yen Overdraft Rate for such day and the interest rate applicable to such Yen
Borrowing pursuant to Section 3.7 and (ii) in the case of such Yen Lender, the
Yen Overdraft Rate for such day. If such Yen Lender shall repay to the Yen
Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall
constitute such Yen Lender's Yen Loan included in such Yen Borrowing for
purposes of this Agreement.

         SECTION 3.4. Notes. (a) The Yen Loans of each Yen Lender to each
Borrower shall be evidenced by a single Yen Note of such Borrower payable to the
order of such Yen Lender for the account of its Yen Lending Office in an amount
equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Yen Lender's Loans to
such Borrower.

         (b) Upon receipt of a Yen Note of a Borrower for each Yen Lender
pursuant to Section 4.1(c) or 4.3(b), the Documentation Agent shall forward such
Yen Note to such Yen

                                       52
<PAGE>   59
Lender. Each Yen Lender shall record the date and amount of each Yen Loan made
by it to each Borrower and the date and amount of each payment of principal made
by such Borrower with respect thereto, and may, if such Yen Lender so elects in
connection with any transfer or enforcement of its Yen Note of such Borrower,
endorse on the schedule forming a part thereof appropriate notations (or attach
thereto a schedule containing such notations) to evidence the foregoing
information with respect to each such Yen Loan to such Borrower then
outstanding; provided that the failure of any Yen Lender to make any such
recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of any Borrower
hereunder or under the Yen Notes. Each Yen Lender is hereby irrevocably
authorized by each Borrower so to endorse its Yen Notes and to attach to and
make a part of any Yen Note such a schedule and a continuation of any such
schedule as and when required.

         SECTION 3.5. Mandatory Termination of Yen Commitments; Maturity of Yen
Loans. The Yen Commitments shall terminate on the Termination Date, unless
terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement, and any Yen Loans then
outstanding (together with accrued interest thereon) shall be due and payable on
such date.

         SECTION 3.6. Method of Electing Additional Interest Periods. At the end
of each Interest Period applicable to a Yen Borrowing, the relevant Borrower may
elect the duration of the next succeeding Interest Period applicable thereto by
delivering a notice (a "Notice of Yen Interest Period Election") to the Yen
Administrative Agent at its address in New York at least four Tokyo Business
Days before such Interest Period is to begin. Each such Notice of Yen Interest
Period Election shall specify:

         (i)   the Yen Borrowing to which it applies;

         (ii)  the date on which the next succeeding Interest Period applicable
    thereto will begin; and

         (iii) the duration of such succeeding Interest Period (which shall
    comply with the provisions of the definition of Interest Period).

Upon receipt of a Notice of Yen Interest Period Election from a Borrower
pursuant to this Section, the Yen Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Yen Lender of the contents thereof and such notice shall not thereafter be
revocable by such Borrower. If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely
Notice of Yen Interest Period Election to the Yen Administrative Agent for any
Yen

                                       53
<PAGE>   60
Borrowing, the duration of the next Interest Period applicable thereto shall be
one month.

         SECTION 3.7. Interest Rates. (a) Each Yen Loan shall bear interest on
the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day during each Interest
Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the TIBOR
Margin for such day plus the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate applicable to such
Interest Period. Such interest shall be payable in Yen for each Interest Period
on the last day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three
months, at intervals of three months after the first day thereof.

         "TIBOR Margin" means a rate per annum determined in accordance with the
Pricing Schedule.

         The "Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate" applicable to any Interest Period
means the rate per annum shown on page 17096 of the Dow Jones Company Telerate
screen or any successor page as the composite offered rate for Tokyo interbank
deposits in Yen with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period as shown
under the heading "Yen" in the "Offered" column as of 11:00 A.M. (Tokyo time)
two Tokyo Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. If no
such rate is available, the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate applicable to any
Interest Period means the relevant rate per annum displayed on the equivalent
page of the Reuters Money Rates as of 11:00 A.M. (Tokyo time) two Tokyo Business
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period for Tokyo interbank deposits
in Yen with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period.

         (b) Any overdue principal of or interest on any Yen Loan shall bear
interest, payable in Yen on demand, for each day until paid, at a rate per annum
equal to the sum of 2% plus the TIBOR Margin for such day plus the Tokyo
Interbank Offered Rate applicable to such Yen Loan immediately before such
payment was due.

         (c) Within 45 days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter (commencing
with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 1995), the Company will notify the
Yen Administrative Agent and each Yen Lender of the Pricing Ratio determined as
of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the Pricing Level to be applicable during
the Pricing Period that begins 46 days after the end of such Fiscal Quarter. The
Yen Administrative Agent will rely on such notification in determining interest
rates and fees hereunder for such Pricing Period, unless and until the
Administrative Agent notifies the Yen Administrative Agent pursuant to Section

                                       54
<PAGE>   61
2.7(f) that a different Pricing Level (the "Corrected Pricing Level") is
applicable during such Pricing Period, in which event the Yen Administrative
Agent shall thereafter determine interest rates and fees for such Pricing Period
based on the Corrected Pricing Level. If any interest or fees accrue during such
Pricing Period and are paid before the Administrative Agent notifies the Yen
Administrative Agent that the Pricing Level should be corrected as aforesaid,
the Yen Administrative Agent shall notify the relevant Borrower and the Yen
Lenders of the amount of any resulting underpayment or overpayment. In the case
of an underpayment, such Borrower shall, within three Tokyo Business Days after
receiving such notice thereof, pay the amount thereof to the Yen Administrative
Agent for the account of the relevant Yen Lenders. In the case of an
overpayment, the amount thereof shall be credited against subsequent payments of
interest and fees payable hereunder for the account of the relevant Yen Lenders,
all as determined by the Yen Administrative Agent.

         (d) If, for any reason, the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate applicable to
any Interest Period cannot be determined by reference to page 17096 of the Dow
Jones Company Telerate screen or the equivalent page of the Reuters Money Rates,
the Yen Administrative Agent shall give notice of such condition to the Company
and the Yen Lenders forthwith. Each Yen Lender shall, within two Tokyo Business
Days after the date of such notice, notify the Yen Administrative Agent of the
interest rate (or the basis for determining the interest rate) at which it is
prepared to make or maintain its affected Yen Loan for the affected Interest
Period. The interest rate applicable to the affected Yen Loans for the affected
Interest Period shall be the highest of the rates so provided (or so
determined).

         (e) The Yen Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate
applicable to the Yen Loans hereunder. The Yen Administrative Agent shall give
prompt notice to the Company and the Yen Lenders of each rate of interest so
determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error.

         SECTION 3.8. Facility Fee. The Company shall pay to the Yen
Administrative Agent for the account of the Yen Lenders ratably a facility fee
in Dollars at the Facility Fee Rate (determined for each day in accordance with
the Pricing Schedule). Such facility fee shall accrue (i) for each day from and
including the Effective Date to but excluding the Termination Date (or earlier
date of termination of the Yen Commitments in their entirety), on the daily
aggregate amount of the Yen Commitments (whether

                                       55
<PAGE>   62
used or unused) on such day and (ii) for each day from and including such date
of termination to but excluding the date the Yen Loans shall be repaid in their
entirety, on the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the Yen Loans on such day. Such facility fee shall be payable
quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the date of
termination of the Yen Commitments in their entirety (and, if later, the date
the Yen Loans shall be repaid in their entirety).

         SECTION 3.9.  Optional Termination or Reduction of Yen Commitments. The
Company may, upon at least three Tokyo Business Days' notice to the Yen
Administrative Agent, terminate at any time or ratably reduce from time to time,
by an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any larger multiple of $1,000,000, the
unused portions of the Yen Commitments. Upon any such termination or reduction
of the Yen Commitments, the Yen Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each
Yen Lender thereof. If the Yen Commitments are terminated in their entirety, all
facility fees accrued hereunder shall be payable on the effective date of such
termination.

         SECTION 3.10. Optional Prepayments. (a) Any Borrower may, upon at least
three Tokyo Business Days' notice to the Yen Administrative Agent, ratably
prepay the Yen Loans, in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in
amounts aggregating Yen 500,000,000 or any larger multiple of Yen 100,000,000,
by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest 
thereon to the date of prepayment. In connection with any such prepayment, the
relevant Borrower shall comply with the provisions of Section 3.13 if 
applicable.

         (b) Upon receipt of a notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section,
the Yen Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Yen Lender of the
contents thereof and of such Yen Lender's ratable share of such prepayment and
such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the relevant Borrower.

         SECTION 3.11. Mandatory Prepayments. On the first date of each Interest
Period (except the initial Interest Period) applicable to each Yen Borrowing,
the relevant Borrower shall ratably prepay the Yen Loans included in such Yen
Borrowing to the extent, if any, required so that the Dollar Equivalent Amount
of the aggregate principal amount of all Yen Loans outstanding immediately after
such Interest Period begins will not exceed $25,000,000. The Yen Administrative
Agent shall determine the aggregate amount, if any, required to be

                                       56
<PAGE>   63
prepaid on the first day of any such Interest Period and notify the relevant
Borrower thereof at least three Tokyo Business Days before such Interest Period
begins. At least two Tokyo Business Days before such Interest Period begins the
Yen Administrative Agent shall notify each Yen Lender of the aggregate amount
required to be prepaid (or any larger amount that the relevant Borrower shall
have advised the Yen Administrative Agent that it wishes to prepay) and of such
Yen Lender's ratable share of such prepayment and such notice of prepayment
shall not thereafter be revocable by the relevant Borrower.

         SECTION 3.12. General Provisions as to Payments. (a) The relevant
Borrower shall make each payment of principal of, and interest on, the Yen Loans
to be paid by it hereunder, not later than 11:00 A.M. (Tokyo Time) on the date
when due, in Yen to the Yen Administrative Agent at its address in Tokyo
referred to in Section 12.1. The Yen Administrative Agent will promptly
distribute to each Yen Lender its ratable share of each such payment received by
the Yen Administrative Agent for the account of the Yen Lenders. Whenever any
payment of principal of, or interest on, the Yen Loans shall be due on a day
which is not a Tokyo Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be
extended to the next succeeding Tokyo Business Day. If the date for any payment
of principal is extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest thereon
shall be payable for such extended time.

         (b) The Company shall make each payment of facility fees with respect
to the Yen Commitments to be paid by it hereunder, not later than 11:00 A.M.
(Eastern Time) on the date when due, in Dollars to the Yen Administrative Agent
at its address in New York referred to in Section 12.1. The Yen Administrative
Agent will promptly distribute to each Yen Lender at its address in New York
referred to in Section 12.1 its ratable share of each such payment received by
the Yen Administrative Agent for the account of the Yen Lenders. Whenever any
such payment of facility fees shall be due on a day which is not a Domestic
Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next
succeeding Domestic Business Day.

         (c) Unless the Yen Administrative Agent shall have received notice from
a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment of principal or interest is
due from such Borrower to the Yen Lenders hereunder that such Borrower will not
make such payment in full, the Yen Administrative Agent may assume that such
Borrower has made such payment in full to the Yen Administrative Agent on such
date and the Yen Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such

                                       57
<PAGE>   64
assumption, cause to be distributed to each Yen Lender on such due date an
amount equal to the amount then due such Yen Lender. If and to the extent that
such Borrower shall not have so made such payment, each Yen Lender shall repay
to the Yen Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount distributed to
such Yen Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such
amount is distributed to such Yen Lender until the date such Yen Lender repays
such amount to the Yen Administrative Agent, at the Yen Overdraft Rate for such
day.

         (d) If the Yen Administrative Agent receives any payment of principal
or interest for the account of the Yen Lenders before 12:00 Noon (Tokyo time) on
any Tokyo Business Day and fails to distribute such payment to the Yen Lenders
before the end of such Tokyo Business Day, the Yen Administrative Agent shall
pay to each Yen Lender interest on its share of such payment, for each day from
and including such Tokyo Business Day to but excluding the Tokyo Business Day on
which the Yen Administrative Agent distributes such payment, at the Yen
Overdraft Rate for such day. If the Yen Administrative Agent receives any
payment of principal or interest for the benefit of the Yen Lenders at or after
12:00 Noon (Tokyo time) on any Tokyo Business Day and fails to distribute such
payment to the Yen Lenders before the end of the next succeeding Tokyo Business
Day, the Yen Administrative Agent shall pay to each Yen Lender interest on its
share of such payment, for each day from and including such next succeeding
Tokyo Business Day to but excluding the Tokyo Business Day on which the Yen
Administrative Agent distributes such payment, at the Yen Overdraft Rate for
such day.

         (e) If a Borrower makes any payment of principal or interest to the Yen
Administrative Agent for the account of the Yen Lenders at or after 12:00 Noon
(Tokyo time) on any Tokyo Business Day and the Yen Administrative Agent fails to
distribute such payment to the Yen Lenders before the end of such Tokyo Business
Day, such Borrower shall be deemed to have made such payment on the next
succeeding Tokyo Business Day.

         SECTION 3.13. Funding Losses. If the relevant Borrower makes any
payment of principal with respect to any Yen Loan on any day other than the last
day of an Interest Period applicable thereto, or if the relevant Borrower fails
to borrow or prepay any Yen Loan after notice has been given to any Yen Lender
in accordance with Section 3.3(a), 3.6 or 3.10(a), such Borrower shall pay to
each Yen Lender within 15 days after demand an amount calculated as provided in
Exhibit L hereto to compensate such Yen Lender for any loss

                                       58
<PAGE>   65
or expense incurred by it (or by an existing or prospective Participant in the
related Yen Loan), including (without limitation) any loss incurred in
obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, provided that
such Yen Lender shall have delivered to the Company a certificate as to the
amount of such loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the
absence of manifest error.

         SECTION 3.14. Computation of Interest and Fees. All interest and fees
payable under this Article 3 shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360
days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but
excluding the last day).

                                    ARTICLE 4
                                   CONDITIONS

         SECTION 4.1.  Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective upon
receipt by the Documentation Agent of the following:

         (a) a counterpart hereof signed by each of the parties hereto (or, in
    the case of any party as to which an executed counterpart shall not have
    been received, telegraphic, telex, facsimile or other written confirmation,
    in form satisfactory to the Documentation Agent, confirming that such party
    has executed a counterpart hereof);

         (b) a duly executed Note of each of the Company, Auto Suture Japan Inc.
    and USSC Financial Services, Inc. for the account of each Bank dated on or
    before the Effective Date and complying with the provisions of Section 2.5;

         (c) a duly executed Yen Note of each of the Company, Auto Suture Japan
    Inc. and USSC Financial Services, Inc. for the account of each Yen Lender
    dated on or before the Effective Date and complying with the provisions of
    Section 3.4;

         (d) an opinion of Donald F. Crane, Jr., Senior SEC Counsel of the
    Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, dated the Effective
    Date and covering such additional matters relating to the transactions
    contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders may reasonably request;

         (e) an opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell, special counsel for the
    Documentation Agent, substantially in

                                       59
<PAGE>   66
    the form of Exhibit G hereto, dated the Effective Date and covering such
    additional matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as the
    Required Lenders may reasonably request;

         (f) an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Documentation Agent, for
    each Eligible Subsidiary that signs this Agreement as originally executed,
    substantially in the form of Exhibit J hereto (appropriately modified to
    reflect the fact that such Eligible Subsidiary has signed this Agreement
    rather than an Election to Participate) and covering such additional matters
    relating to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders may
    reasonably request; provided that no such opinion shall be required with
    respect to matters that, with the consent of the Documentation Agent, are
    included in the opinion delivered pursuant to clause (d) of this Section;

         (g) evidence satisfactory to the Documentation Agent that the Company
    has paid (or made arrangements satisfactory to the Documentation Agent for
    the payment of) all principal of and interest on any loans outstanding under
    the Existing Credit Agreement on the Effective Date, all fees accrued
    thereunder to but excluding the Effective Date and all other amounts then
    due and payable by the Company thereunder;

         (h) evidence satisfactory to the Documentation Agent that the Company
    has paid to the Administrative Agent a participation fee for the account of
    each Lender as set forth in the memorandum dated November 13, 1995 from the
    Arrangers to the Lenders on the subject of "Upfront Fees";

         (i) the certificate with respect to insurance required by Section
    6.3(b) to be delivered on the Effective Date (with a copy thereof for each
    Lender); and

         (j) all documents that the Documentation Agent may reasonably request
    relating to the existence of the Borrowers, the corporate authority for and
    the validity of this Agreement, the Notes and the Yen Notes, and any other
    matters relevant hereto, all in form and substance satisfactory to the
    Documentation Agent.

The Documentation Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the
Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding on all parties
hereto. The Banks

                                       60
<PAGE>   67
that are parties to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Company agree that the
commitments of such Banks under the Existing Credit Agreement shall terminate in
their entirety simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Agreement.

         SECTION 4.2. Each Extension of Credit. The obligation of any Bank,
Issuing Bank or Yen Lender to make any Extension of Credit to any Borrower is
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

         (a) the fact that the Effective Date shall have occurred on or prior to
    December 29, 1995;

         (b) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing as
    required by Section 2.2 or 2.3, or by the Yen Administrative Agent of a
    Notice of Yen Borrowing as required by Section 3.2, or receipt by such
    Issuing Bank of a Notice of LC Issuance or Notice of LC Extension as
    required by Section 2.14, as the case may be;

         (c) except in the case of a Yen Borrowing, the fact that, immediately
    after giving effect to such Extension of Credit, the sum of (i) the Total
    Committed Exposures of the Banks and (ii) the aggregate outstanding
    principal amount of the Money Market Loans will not exceed the aggregate
    amount of the Commitments;

         (d) the fact that, immediately before and after such Extension of
    Credit, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

         (e) the fact that the representations and warranties of the Borrowers
    contained in this Agreement shall be true on and as of the date of such
    Extension of Credit;

         (f) the fact that, immediately after such Extension of Credit (and
    after applying the proceeds thereof, if any), not more than 25% of the value
    of the assets subject to each of the restrictions set forth in Sections 6.10
    and 6.14 is represented by "margin stock" (as defined in Regulation U); and

         (g) receipt by the Administrative Agent or the Yen Administrative
    Agent, as the case may be, of a certificate signed by the Company's
    president, chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial
    officer, treasurer or controller (which certificate may be included in and
    dated the date of

                                       61
<PAGE>   68
    the related Notice of Borrowing, Notice of Yen Borrowing, Notice of LC
    Issuance or Notice of LC Extension delivered pursuant to clause (b) of this
    Section) as to the facts specified in clauses (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this
    Section and, in the case of an issuance or extension of a Letter of Credit,
    as to compliance with the conditions specified in clauses (A) and (D) of
    Section 2.14(a)(iii).

         SECTION 4.3. First Extension of Credit to Each Eligible Subsidiary. The
obligation of any Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender to make any Extension of
Credit on the occasion of the first Extension of Credit to any Eligible
Subsidiary is subject to the receipt by the Documentation Agent of the
following:

         (a) a duly executed Note of such Eligible Subsidiary for the account of
    each Bank dated on or before the date of such Extension of Credit and
    complying with the provisions of Section 2.5;

         (b) a duly executed Yen Note of such Eligible Subsidiary for the
    account of each Yen Lender dated on or before the date of such Extension of
    Credit and complying with the provisions of Section 3.4;

         (c) an opinion of counsel for such Eligible Subsidiary acceptable to
    the Documentation Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit J hereto and
    covering such additional matters relating to the transactions contemplated
    hereby as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; and

         (d) all documents which the Documentation Agent may reasonably request
    relating to the existence of such Eligible Subsidiary, the corporate
    authority for and the validity of the Election to Participate of such
    Eligible Subsidiary, this Agreement, the Notes and/or the Yen Notes of such
    Eligible Subsidiary, and any other matters relevant thereto, all in form and
    substance satisfactory to the Documentation Agent.

The opinion referred to in clause (c) above shall be dated no more than five
Euro-Dollar Business Days before the date of the first Extension of Credit to
such Eligible Subsidiary hereunder.

                                       62
<PAGE>   69
                                    ARTICLE 5
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The Company represents and warrants that:

         SECTION 5.1. Corporate Existence and Power. The Company is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and has all corporate powers and all material
governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry
on its business as now conducted.

         SECTION 5.2. Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No
Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and its Notes and Yen Notes (if any) are within the Company's
corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action,
require no action by or in respect of, or filing (except filings under the
Exchange Act) with, any governmental body, agency or official and do not
contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or
regulation or of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or
of any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

         SECTION 5.3. Binding Effect. This Agreement constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of the Company and each Note and Yen Note (if any) of the
Company, when executed and delivered in accordance with this Agreement, will
constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Company, in each case
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

         SECTION 5.4. Financial Information. (a) The consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and the
related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in
stockholders' equity for the Fiscal Year then ended, reported on by Deloitte &
Touche LLP and set forth in the Company's 1994 Form 10-K, a copy of which has
been delivered to each of the Lenders, fairly present, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles, the consolidated financial position of
the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their
consolidated results of operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Year.

                                       63
<PAGE>   70
         (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of September 30, 1995 and the related unaudited
consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders'
equity for the nine months then ended, set forth in the Company's Latest Form
10-Q, a copy of which has been delivered to each of the Lenders, fairly present,
on a basis consistent with the financial statements referred to in subsection
(a) of this Section, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of
operations and cash flows for such nine-month period (subject to normal year-end
adjustments).

         (c) Since September 30, 1995 there has been no material adverse change
in the business, financial position, operations or properties of the Company and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.

         SECTION 5.5. Litigation. Except as disclosed in the Company's 1994 Form
10-K or the Company's Latest Form 10-Q, there is no action, suit or proceeding
pending against, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened against or
affecting, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator
or any governmental body, agency or official which could reasonably be expected
to result in an adverse decision that would materially adversely affect the
business, financial position, operations or properties of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or which in any manner draws
into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the
Notes or Yen Notes.

         SECTION 5.6. Compliance with ERISA. Each member of the ERISA Group has
fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the
Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan and is in compliance in all
material respects with the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the
Internal Revenue Code with respect to each Plan. No member of the ERISA Group
has (i) sought a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the
Internal Revenue Code in respect of any Plan, (ii) failed to make any
contribution or payment to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or in respect of any
Benefit Arrangement, or made any amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement,
which has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of
a bond or other security under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code or (iii)
incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the
PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA.

                                       64
<PAGE>   71
         SECTION 5.7. Environmental Matters. In the ordinary course of its
business, the Company conducts an ongoing review of the effect of Environmental
Laws on the business, operations and properties of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, in the course of which it identifies and evaluates associated
liabilities and costs (including, without limitation, any capital or operating
expenditures required for clean-up or closure of properties presently or
previously owned, any capital or operating expenditures required to achieve or
maintain compliance with environmental protection standards imposed by law or as
a condition of any license, permit or contract, any related constraints on
operating activities, including any periodic or permanent shutdown of any
facility or reduction in the level of or change in the nature of operations
conducted thereat, any costs or liabilities in connection with off-site disposal
of wastes or Hazardous Substances, and any actual or potential liabilities to
third parties, including employees, and any related costs and expenses). On the
basis of this review, the Company has reasonably concluded that such associated
liabilities and costs, including the costs of compliance with Environmental
Laws, are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
position, operations or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
considered as a whole.

         SECTION 5.8. Taxes. The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all
income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be
filed by them and have paid all taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant
to any assessment received by the Company or any Subsidiary, except any such
assessment that is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. The
charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and its Subsidiaries
in respect of taxes or other governmental charges are, in the opinion of the
Company, adequate.

         SECTION 5.9. Subsidiaries. Each of the Company's corporate Subsidiaries
(except inactive Subsidiaries) is a corporation duly incorporated, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation, and has all corporate powers and all material governmental
licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its
business as now conducted. All of the Company's active Subsidiaries are listed
on Exhibit M hereto (which may be amended from time to time by notice from the
Company to each of the Lenders).

                                       65
<PAGE>   72
         SECTION 5.10. Not an Investment Company. No Borrower is an "investment
company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

         SECTION 5.11. Full Disclosure. All information (other than financial
forecasts and projections) contained in the documents listed on Exhibit N hereto
is, and all information (other than financial forecasts and projections)
hereafter furnished by the Company in writing to any of the Agents or the
Lenders for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction
contemplated hereby will be, true and accurate in all material respects on the
date as of which such information is stated or certified. All financial
forecasts and projections contained in the documents listed in Exhibit N hereto
were, and all financial forecasts and projections hereafter furnished by the
Company in writing to any of the Agents or the Lenders for purposes of or in
connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby will be,
prepared by the Company in good faith based on assumptions believed by the
Company, at the time such financial forecasts and/or projections were or
hereafter are prepared, to be reasonable. The Company has disclosed to the
Lenders in writing any and all facts (other than facts affecting the health care
business generally) which materially and adversely affect, or are reasonably
likely to materially and adversely affect (to the extent the Company can now
reasonably foresee), the business, financial position, operations or properties
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, its Notes and its Yen
Notes (if any).

         SECTION 5.12. Other Existing Debt Documents. Each copy of an Other
Existing Debt Document heretofore delivered by the Company to any of the Agents
or the Lenders is a complete and correct copy of such Other Existing Debt
Document as in effect on the Effective Date. Each of the Other Existing Debt
Documents is a valid and binding agreement of the parties thereto and is in full
force and effect. The Company is not in default under any of the provisions of
any of the Other Existing Debt Documents to which it is a party.

         SECTION 5.13. No Default under Other Agreements. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is a party to any indenture, loan agreement, credit
agreement, lease or other agreement or instrument (excluding this Agreement and
the Other Existing Debt Documents) or subject to any charter or corporate
restriction, in each case which could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial position, operations or properties of

                                       66
<PAGE>   73
the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or the ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, its Notes and its Yen
Notes (if any). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default under any
of the provisions of any indenture, loan agreement, credit agreement, lease or
other agreement or instrument to which it is party (excluding this Agreement and
the Other Existing Debt Documents) which default could reasonably be expected to
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial position, operations
or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.

         SECTION 5.14. Compliance with Laws. The Company and each Subsidiary is
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, ordinances,
rules, regulations and requirements of governmental authorities (including,
without limitation, Environmental Laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder), except where (i) the necessity of compliance therewith is contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (ii) failures to comply therewith,
in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
effect on the business, financial position, operations or properties of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.

                                    ARTICLE 6
                                    COVENANTS

         The Company agrees that, so long as any Lender has any Commitment or
Yen Commitment hereunder or any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any
amount payable under any Note or Yen Note remains unpaid or any Reimbursement
Obligation remains unpaid:

         SECTION 6.1.  Information. The Company will deliver to each of the
Lenders:

         (a) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end
of each Fiscal Year, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related
consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders'
equity for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the
figures for the previous Fiscal Year, all audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP or
other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing and
accompanied by an opinion of such auditors (without any qualification that would
not be acceptable to the SEC for purposes of filings under the Exchange Act);

                                       67
<PAGE>   74
         (b) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end
of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year, a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of
such Fiscal Quarter and the related consolidated statements of operations, cash
flows and changes in stockholders' equity for such Fiscal Quarter and for the
portion of the Fiscal Year ended at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, setting
forth in the case of such consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and
changes in stockholders' equity in comparative form the figures for the
corresponding Fiscal Quarter and the corresponding portion of the previous
Fiscal Year, all certified (subject to normal year-end adjustments) as to
fairness of presentation, generally accepted accounting principles and
consistency by the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the principal
accounting officer of the Company;

         (c) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial
statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a certificate of the
Company, signed by its chief financial officer, treasurer or principal
accounting officer, (i) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations
required to establish whether the Company was in compliance with the
requirements of Sections 6.7 to 6.14, inclusive, on the date of such financial
statements; (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the
Pricing Ratio to be determined as of the date of such financial statements and
(iii) stating whether any Default exists on the date of such certificate and, if
any Default then exists, setting forth the details thereof and the action which
the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

         (d) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end
of each Fiscal Quarter (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31,
1995), the notice required by Section 2.7(f) with respect to the Pricing Ratio
determined as of the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the Pricing Level to be
applicable for the next Pricing Period;

         (e) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial
statements referred to in clause (a) above, a statement of the firm of
independent public accountants which audited and reported on such statements (i)
whether anything has come to their attention to cause them to believe that any
Default existed under Sections 6.7 to 6.14, inclusive, on the date of such
statements and (ii) confirming the calculations set forth in the officer's

                                       68
<PAGE>   75
certificate delivered simultaneously therewith pursuant to clause (c) above;

         (f) within five Domestic Business Days after any Responsible Officer of
the Company obtains knowledge of any Default, if such Default is then
continuing, a certificate of the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the
principal accounting officer of the Company setting forth the details thereof
and the action which the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect
thereto;

         (g) promptly upon the mailing thereof to the shareholders of the
Company generally, copies of all financial statements, reports and proxy
statements so mailed;

         (h) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration
statements (other than the exhibits thereto (unless requested by such Lender)
and any registration statements on Form S-8 or its equivalent) and reports on
Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) which the Company shall have
filed with the SEC;

         (i) unless Investment Grade Status exists at the time, as soon as
available and in any event on or before March 31 of each Fiscal Year, a budget
for such Fiscal Year, approved by the Company's board of directors, setting
forth anticipated income, expense and capital expenditure items for each Fiscal
Quarter during such Fiscal Year, and concurrently with the delivery of financial
statements for each such Fiscal Quarter pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above, a
report setting forth a detailed comparison to such budget; provided that, if
such a budget has not been prepared and approved by the Company's board of
directors before January 31 of such Fiscal Year, projections of such items for
such Fiscal Year shall be delivered pursuant to this clause (i) no later than
January 31 of such Fiscal Year (to be replaced by the approved budget when
delivered);

         (j) if and when any member of the ERISA Group (i) gives or is required
to give notice to the PBGC of any "reportable event" (as defined in Section 4043
of ERISA) with respect to any Plan which might constitute grounds for a
termination of such Plan under Title IV of ERISA, or knows that the plan
administrator of any Plan has given or is required to give notice of any such
reportable event, a copy of the notice of such reportable event given or
required to be given to the PBGC; (ii) receives notice of complete or partial
withdrawal liability under Title IV of ERISA or notice that any Multiemployer
Plan is in reorganization, is insolvent or has been terminated, a copy of such
notice;

                                       69
<PAGE>   76
(iii) receives notice from the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA of an intent to
terminate, impose liability (other than for premiums under Section 4007 of
ERISA) in respect of, or appoint a trustee to administer, any Plan, a copy of
such notice; (iv) applies for a waiver of the minimum funding standard under
Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code, a copy of such application; (v) gives
notice of intent to terminate any Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, a copy of
such notice and other information filed with the PBGC; (vi) gives notice of
withdrawal from any Plan pursuant to Section 4063 of ERISA, a copy of such
notice; or (vii) fails to make any payment or contribution to any Plan or
Multiemployer Plan or in respect of any Benefit Arrangement or makes any
amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement which has resulted or could result
in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security, a
certificate of the chief financial officer, the treasurer or the principal
accounting officer of the Company setting forth details as to such occurrence
and action, if any, which the Company or applicable member of the ERISA Group is
required or proposes to take;

         (k) as soon as reasonably practicable after any Responsible Officer of
the Company obtains knowledge of the commencement of, or of a threat (with
respect to which there is a reasonable likelihood of assertion) of the
commencement of, an action, suit or proceeding against the Company or any
Subsidiary before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or
official in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision which
could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect the business,
financial position, operations or properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries
considered as a whole, or which in any manner questions the validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or any of the Notes or Yen Notes, information
as to the nature of such pending or threatened action, suit or proceeding and
any material developments from time to time with respect thereto;

         (l) upon execution thereof, a copy of each amendment, waiver or other
document modifying any Other Existing Debt Document; and

         (m) from time to time such additional information regarding the
financial position or business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as the
Documentation Agent, at the request of any Lender, may reasonably request.

         SECTION 6.2. Payment of Obligations. The Company will pay and
discharge, and will cause each Subsidiary to pay and discharge, at or before
maturity, all

                                       70
<PAGE>   77
their respective material obligations and liabilities, including, without
limitation, tax liabilities, except where the same are contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings, and will maintain, and will cause each Subsidiary to
maintain, in accordance with GAAP, appropriate reserves for the accrual of any
of the same.

         SECTION 6.3. Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) The Company will
keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, all of its property useful and
necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and
tear excepted.

         (b) The Company will maintain, and will cause each Subsidiary to
maintain, to the extent commercially available, with financially sound and
reputable insurers, (i) physical damage insurance on all of its real and
personal property on an all risks basis (including the perils of flood and
earthquake, if such insurance is available on reasonable terms), covering the
repair and replacement cost of all such property and consequential loss coverage
for business interruption and extra expense, (ii) general public liability
insurance (including product liability coverage) in an amount not less than
$50,000,000 and (iii) such other insurance coverage in such amounts and with
respect to such risks as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; provided
that the Company and its Subsidiaries may self-insure against, and/or such
insurance may provide for deductibles with regard to, hazards and risks with
respect to which, and in such amounts as, the Company in good faith determines
to be prudent, but only so long as the aggregate of all such deductibles and
self-insurance applicable with respect to any Fiscal Year under all such
insurance required under clauses (i) and (ii) above does not exceed 4% of
Consolidated Net Worth at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year. The
Company will deliver, with respect to the types of insurance required by this
Section, (i) to the Documentation Agent on the Effective Date, a certificate
dated such date (with a copy for each Lender) showing the amount of coverage as
of such date, (ii) to each Lender, upon request by any Lender through the
Administrative Agent, from time to time full information as to the insurance
carried, (iii) to each Lender, within five days of receipt of notice from any
insurer, a copy of any notice of cancellation or material change in coverage
from that existing on the date of this Agreement and (iv) to each Lender, prompt
notice of any cancellation or nonrenewal of coverage by the Company.

         SECTION 6.4. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence. The
Company will continue, and will cause

                                       71
<PAGE>   78
each Subsidiary to continue, to engage in business of the same general type as
now conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and will preserve, renew and
keep in full force and effect, and will cause each Subsidiary to preserve, renew
and keep in full force and effect, their respective existences and their
respective rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the
normal conduct of business; provided that nothing in this Section 6.4 shall
prohibit (i) the merger of a Subsidiary into the Company, if immediately after
such merger no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the merger or
consolidation of a Subsidiary with or into a Person other than the Company, if
the corporation surviving such consolidation or merger is a Subsidiary and,
immediately after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or (iii) the termination of the existence of any Subsidiary or any of
the rights, privileges and franchises of the Company or any Subsidiary if, in
each case, the Company in good faith determines that such termination is in the
best interest of the Company and is not materially disadvantageous to the
Lenders.

         SECTION 6.5. Compliance with Laws. The Company will comply, and cause
each Subsidiary to comply, in all material respects with all applicable laws,
ordinances, rules, regulations and requirements of governmental authorities
(including, without limitation, Environmental Laws and ERISA and the rules and
regulations thereunder), except where (i) the necessity of compliance therewith
is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (ii) failures to comply
therewith, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial position, operations or properties of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole.

         SECTION 6.6. Inspection of Property, Books and Records. The Company
will keep, and will cause each Subsidiary to keep, proper books of record and
account in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings
and transactions in relation to its business and activities; and, subject to the
Company's normal security procedures, will permit, and will cause each
Subsidiary to permit, representatives of any Lender at such Lender's expense to
visit and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine and make
abstracts from any of their respective books and records and to discuss their
respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers,
employees and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times
(after reasonable notice to the Company's chief financial officer) and as often
as may reasonably be desired, but only for the purpose of

                                       72
<PAGE>   79
determining the condition of the assets of the Company or such Subsidiary, as
the case may be, and the Company's compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, one or more persons designated by the Company's
chief financial officer shall be entitled to attend any such visit or
discussion.

         SECTION 6.7.  Minimum Consolidated Net Worth. Consolidated Net Worth
will not at any time be less than the sum of (i) $505,300,000 and (ii) 50% of
the consolidated net income (if positive) of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries for each Fiscal Quarter ending prior to such time, commencing with
the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 1995.

         SECTION 6.8.  Leverage Ratio. Consolidated Debt will at no time be
greater than 60% of Consolidated Total Capital.

         SECTION 6.9.  Fixed Charge Coverage. At the end of each Fiscal Quarter
commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31, 1995, the ratio of (i)
the sum of Consolidated EBITDA plus Consolidated Net Rent Expense less
Consolidated Capital Expenditures to (ii) the sum of Consolidated Net Interest
Expense plus Consolidated Net Rent Expense plus Preferred Dividends plus Other
Scheduled Debt Payments, in each case for the period of four consecutive Fiscal
Quarters then ended, will not be less than 1.6:1.

         SECTION 6.10. Negative Pledge. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
will create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset (including, without
limitation, the capital stock of any of its Subsidiaries) now owned or hereafter
acquired by it, except:

         (a) Liens existing on the date of this Agreement securing Debt
    outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such Liens and the
    principal amounts secured thereby on the date of this Agreement are listed
    on Exhibit O hereto;

         (b) any Lien existing on any asset of any corporation at the time such
    corporation becomes a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such
    event;

         (c) any Lien on any asset of any corporation existing at the time such
    corporation is merged or consolidated with or into the Company or a
    Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event;

                                       73
<PAGE>   80
         (d) any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by
    the Company or a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such
    acquisition;

         (e) any Lien on any asset securing Debt incurred or assumed for the
    purpose of financing all or any part of the cost of acquiring such asset,
    provided that such Lien attaches to such asset within 12 months after the
    acquisition thereof;

         (f) any Lien arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or
    refunding of any Debt secured by any Lien permitted by any of the foregoing
    clauses of this Section, provided that such Debt is not increased and is not
    secured by any additional assets;

         (g) any Lien created for the direct or indirect benefit of the
    purchasers or lenders in connection with any Permitted Asset Securitization;

         (h) Liens arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of its
    business which (i) do not secure Debt or Derivatives Obligations, (ii) do
    not secure any single obligation or series of related obligations in an
    amount exceeding $50,000,000 and (iii) do not in the aggregate materially
    detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in
    the operation of its business;

         (i) Liens on cash and cash equivalents securing Derivatives
    Obligations, provided that the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents
    subject to such Liens may at no time exceed $25,000,000; and

         (j) Liens not otherwise permitted by the foregoing clauses of this
    Section securing an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed
    $15,000,000.

Nothing in clause (h) or (j) of this Section shall permit any Lien securing any
obligation arising under the Other Existing Debt Documents. Whenever this
Section permits a Lien to exist on any asset owned or leased by the Company or
any Subsidiary, it shall be construed to permit the same Lien to exist with
respect to any improvements to such asset.

         SECTION 6.11. Investments. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will
make or acquire any Investment in any Person, other than:

                                       74
<PAGE>   81
         (i)   Permitted Temporary Cash Investments;

        (ii)   any Investment in a Person which is a Consolidated Subsidiary
    immediately after such Investment is made;

       (iii)   any Debt of a buyer received as all or part of the consideration
    for an Asset Sale permitted by Section 6.14;

        (iv)   any investment in a trust or other entity created for purposes of
    any Permitted Asset Securitization; and

         (v)   any other Investment if, immediately after such Investment is
    made, the aggregate original cost of all Investments made after September
    30, 1995 pursuant to this clause (v) does not exceed 10% of Consolidated Net
    Worth.

         SECTION 6.12. Dividends and Common Stock Payments. (a) The Company will
not declare any Common Stock Dividend and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
will make any Common Stock Payment unless, after giving effect to such
declaration or Common Stock Payment, no Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and either:

         (i)   the aggregate amount of all Common Stock Dividends declared and
    Common Stock Payments made in the then current Fiscal Quarter will not
    exceed $1,250,000, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time pursuant
    to subsection (c) of this Section, or

        (ii)   the aggregate amount of all Common Stock Dividends declared and
    all Common Stock Payments made in the then current Fiscal Quarter and the
    three immediately preceding Fiscal Quarters will not exceed 20% of the
    Adjusted Consolidated Net Income of the Company and its Consolidated
    Subsidiaries for the immediately preceding four Fiscal Quarters;

provided that the Company may declare Common Stock Dividends and the Company and
its Subsidiaries may make Common Stock Payments at any time when Investment
Grade Status exists without regard to the limitation in clause (ii) of this
Section; but, if Investment Grade Status subsequently ceases to exist, Common
Stock Dividends declared and Common Stock Payments made when Investment Grade
Status existed shall be taken into account in determining whether other Common
Stock Dividends may be declared or other Common Stock Payments may be made under
this Section.

                                       75
<PAGE>   82
         (b) The Company will not declare any Common Stock Dividend more than 50
days before such Common Stock Dividend is payable.

         (c) If the number of outstanding shares of the Company's common stock
changes during any Fiscal Quarter ending after September 30, 1995 (by reason of
a conversion of outstanding preferred stock, a new issuance of common stock or
otherwise), the amount specified in subsection (a)(i) of this Section (as such
amount may theretofore have been adjusted pursuant to this subsection (c)) shall
be adjusted for purposes of all subsequent Fiscal Quarters by multiplying such
amount by a fraction of which the numerator is the number of shares of the
Company's common stock outstanding at the end of such Fiscal Quarter and the
denominator is the number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding at
the beginning of such Fiscal Quarter (adjusted to eliminate the effect of any
stock split, stock dividend or reverse stock split during such Fiscal Quarter).

         SECTION 6.13. Limitation on Subsidiary Debt. The aggregate principal
amount of all Debt of all Consolidated Subsidiaries (excluding (i) Debt existing
on the Effective Date under the U.I.S. Financing Documents in an aggregate
principal amount not greater than FF 545,000,000 and (ii) Intercompany Debt owed
to the Company or to a Substantially Wholly-Owned Consolidated Subsidiary) will
at no time exceed $100,000,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies). For
purposes of this Section any preferred stock of a Consolidated Subsidiary held
by a Person other than the Company or a Substantially Wholly-Owned Consolidated
Subsidiary shall be included, at the higher of its voluntary or involuntary
liquidation value, in the "Debt" of such Consolidated Subsidiary.

         SECTION 6.14. Asset Sales. (a) The Company will not, and will not
permit any Subsidiary to, make any Asset Sale unless, after giving effect
thereto, the aggregate consideration received or to be received for all Asset
Sales during the then current Fiscal Year would not exceed $50,000,000; provided
that, without regard to the limitation in this subsection (a), the Company or
any Subsidiary may (x) make or become legally obligated to make Asset Sales at
any time when Investment Grade Status exists and (y) make any Asset Sale that it
has become legally obligated to make at a time when Investment Grade Status
existed, even if Investment Grade Status subsequently ceases to exist; but, if
Investment Grade Status subsequently ceases to exist, all Asset Sales made as
permitted by the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) shall be taken into account in
determining whether other Asset Sales are permitted by this Section.

                                       76
<PAGE>   83
         (b) Whether or not Investment Grade Status exists, (i) the Company and
its Subsidiaries will not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or
any substantial part of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, to any Person other than the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the
Company will not sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any
substantial part of its assets to any other Person; provided that this
subsection (b) shall not apply to (i) sales of inventory and used, surplus or
worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business or (ii) sales of accounts
and notes receivable pursuant to Permitted Asset Securitizations.

         (c) Notwithstanding the restrictions in subsection (b) of this Section,
the Company may sell or otherwise dispose of (whether in one or a series of
transactions) any of its accounts and notes receivable; provided that (i) the
Required Lenders shall have consented in writing to the terms and conditions of
such transactions (including, without limitation, any Liens to be created in
connection therewith) and (ii) the cash purchase price paid by the purchasers of
such accounts and notes receivable shall not exceed $75,000,000 in aggregate
unrecovered amount at any time.

         SECTION 6.15. Consolidations and Mergers. The Company will not
consolidate or merge with or into any other Person; provided that the Company
may merge with another Person if (A) the Company is the corporation surviving
such merger and (B) immediately after giving effect to such merger, no Default
shall have occurred and be continuing.

         SECTION 6.16. Transactions with Affiliates. The Company will not, and
will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, pay any funds to or
for the account of, make any Investment in, Guarantee any Debt of, lease, sell,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets (tangible or intangible) to, or
participate in, or effect any transaction in connection with any joint
enterprise or other joint arrangement with, any Affiliate; provided that the
foregoing provisions of this Section shall not prohibit (a) the Company from
declaring or paying any lawful dividend permitted by Section 6.12; (b) the
Company or any Subsidiary from paying compensation or providing benefits to any
of its officers or directors in the ordinary course of business; (c) the Company
or any Subsidiary from making sales to or purchases from any Affiliate and, in
connection therewith, extending credit or making payments, or from making
payments for services rendered by any Affiliate, if such sales or purchases are
made or such services are rendered in the

                                       77
<PAGE>   84
ordinary course of business and on terms and conditions comparable to the terms
and conditions which would apply in a similar transaction with a Person not an
Affiliate; (d) the Company or any Subsidiary from making payments of principal,
interest and premium on any Debt of the Company or such Subsidiary held by an
Affiliate if the terms of such Debt are substantially as favorable to the
Company or such Subsidiary as the terms which could have been obtained at the
time of the creation of such Debt from a Lender which was not an Affiliate or
(e) the Company or any Subsidiary from participating in, or effecting any
transaction in connection with, any joint enterprise or other joint arrangement
with any Affiliate if the Company or such Subsidiary participates in the
ordinary course of its business and on a basis no less advantageous than the
basis on which such Affiliate participates.

         SECTION 6.17. Prepayment of Other Debt. (a) The Company will not, and
will not permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, redeem, retire,
purchase, acquire or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Debt (other
than the Notes, the Yen Notes and Intercompany Debt) of the Company or any
Subsidiary more than 21 days before the stated due date thereof, unless such
payment is made with the net cash proceeds of (i) Debt specifically incurred for
such purpose and containing terms and conditions substantially similar to or
more favorable to the Company and the Lenders than the Debt with respect to
which such payment is made, (ii) common stock of the Company sold after
September 30, 1995 or (iii) preferred stock of the Company sold after September
30, 1995 which is not subject to redemption, repurchase or other acquisition by
the Company or any Subsidiary (except redemption or repurchase at the option of
the Company) under any circumstances prior to February 5, 2001.

         (b) The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, pay
any amount under the North Haven Financing Documents more than 21 days before
such payment is due; provided that the rent payable under the North Haven Lease
on January 14, 2001 shall not be prepaid.

         (c) The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to,
consent to or enter into any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification
of any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing any such Debt if the
result of such modification would be, directly or indirectly, to permit a
payment that would have been prohibited pursuant to this Section prior to such
modification.

                                       78
<PAGE>   85
         SECTION 6.18. Other Existing Debt Documents. The Company will not, and
will not permit any Subsidiary to, (i) consent or enter into any amendment,
supplement, waiver or other modification of any of the Other Existing Debt
Documents which would increase the amount of the payments to be made by the
Company or any Subsidiary in connection therewith (except for reasonable and
customary fees and expenses paid, currently or periodically, in connection with
any such amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification) or would otherwise
be materially adverse to the Company or any Subsidiary or to the Lenders or (ii)
directly or indirectly Guarantee the obligations of any Person under the North
Haven Financing Documents.

         SECTION 6.19. Use of Proceeds. The Letters of Credit and the proceeds
of the Loans will be used by the Borrowers for general corporate purposes. None
of such proceeds will be used (i) in violation of any applicable law or
regulation (including without limitation Regulation U) or (ii) to purchase any
securities evidencing Debt (other than Permitted Temporary Cash Investments) of
any Person.

                                    ARTICLE 7
                                    DEFAULTS

         SECTION 7.1.  Events of Default. If one or more of the following events
("Events of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing:

         (a) any Borrower shall fail to pay (i) any principal of any Loan, Yen
    Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due or (ii) any interest, fee,
    commission or other amount payable hereunder within two Domestic Business
    Days (or two Tokyo Business Days, in the case of any such interest, fees or
    other amounts payable in Yen) after the due date thereof;

         (b) the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant contained
    in Sections 6.7 to 6.19, inclusive, and such failure shall continue for two
    Domestic Business Days after the Required Lenders shall have determined that
    such failure, if not cured within two Domestic Business Days, should be an
    Event of Default under this clause (b) and the Administrative Agent shall
    have given the Company written notice of such determination;

         (c) any Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or
    agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those covered by clause
    (a) or (b) above)

                                       79
<PAGE>   86
    for 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to the Company by
    the Administrative Agent at the request of any Lender;

         (d) any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by
    any Borrower or by a Responsible Officer in this Agreement or in any
    certificate, financial statement or other document delivered pursuant to
    this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect
    when made;

         (e) the Company or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment in
    respect of Material Financial Obligations when due or within any applicable
    grace period;

         (f) any event or condition shall occur which results in the
    acceleration of the maturity of Material Debt or enables the holders of
    Material Debt or any Person acting on such holders' behalf to accelerate the
    maturity thereof or permits the holders of Material Debt or any Person
    acting on such holders' behalf to terminate their commitments (if any) to
    renew, extend, refund or lend additional amounts of such Material Debt;

         (g) any event or condition shall occur which, with the giving of notice
    or lapse of time or both, would enable the holders of Material Debt or any
    Person acting on such holders' behalf to accelerate the maturity thereof or
    would permit the holders of Material Debt or any Person acting on such
    holders' behalf to terminate their commitments to renew, extend, refund or
    lend additional amounts of such Material Debt, and the Company shall fail to
    cure such event or condition for two Domestic Business Days after the
    Required Lenders shall have determined that such event or condition, if not
    cured within two Domestic Business Days, should be an Event of Default under
    this clause (g) and the Administrative Agent shall have given the Company
    written notice of such determination;

         (h) the Company or any Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or
    other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with
    respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other
    similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a
    trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or
    any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or
    to the

                                       80
<PAGE>   87
    appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary
    case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general
    assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its
    debts as they become due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize
    any of the foregoing;

         (i) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against
    the Company or any Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other
    relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
    other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a
    trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or
    any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other
    proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days; or
    an order for relief shall be entered against the Company or any Subsidiary
    under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect;

         (j) any member of the ERISA Group shall fail to pay when due an amount
    or amounts aggregating in excess of $10,000,000 which it shall have become
    liable to pay under Title IV of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a
    Material Plan shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by any member of the
    ERISA Group, any plan administrator or any combination of the foregoing; or
    the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate,
    to impose liability (other than for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA) in
    respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer, any
    Material Plan; or a condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would
    be entitled to obtain a decree adjudicating that any Material Plan must be
    terminated; or there shall occur a complete or partial withdrawal from, or a
    default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, with respect to,
    one or more Multiemployer Plans which could cause one or more members of the
    ERISA Group to incur a current payment obligation in excess of $10,000,000;

         (k) a judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of
    $10,000,000 shall be rendered against the Company or any Subsidiary and such
    judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 10
    days;

         (l) any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or
    14 of the Exchange Act) shall

                                       81
<PAGE>   88
    have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
    promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act) of 25% or more of the
    outstanding shares of common stock of the Company; or, during any period of
    twelve consecutive calendar months, individuals who were directors of the
    Company on the first day of such period shall cease to constitute a majority
    of the board of directors of the Company; provided that such beneficial
    ownership or change in the Company's directors, as the case may be, shall
    continue for two Domestic Business Days after the Required Lenders shall
    have determined that it should be an Event of Default under this clause (l)
    and the Administrative Agent shall have given the Company written notice of
    such determination; or

         (m) any provision of Article 11 shall cease to be in full force and
    effect with respect to the Company, or any Person acting on behalf of the
    Company shall so assert in writing;

then, and in every such event, the Administrative Agent shall (i) if requested
by Lenders having more than 60% in aggregate amount of the Total Commitments, by
notice to the Company terminate the Commitments and the Yen Commitments and they
shall thereupon terminate, and (ii) if requested by Lenders holding Notes and/or
Yen Notes evidencing more than 60% of the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Loans and (y) the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Yen Loans, by notice to the
Company declare the Notes and Yen Notes and any Reimbursement Obligations
(together with all accrued interest thereon and all accrued fees, commissions
and other amounts payable by the Borrowers hereunder) to be, and the same shall
thereupon become, immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each
Borrower; provided that in the case of any of the Events of Default specified in
clause (h) or (i) above with respect to any Borrower, without any notice to any
Borrower or any other act by the Agents or the Lenders, the Commitments and Yen
Commitments shall thereupon terminate and the Notes, Yen Notes and Reimbursement
Obligations (together with all accrued interest thereon and all accrued fees,
commissions and other amounts payable by the Borrowers hereunder) shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Borrower.

         SECTION 7.2. Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall give
notice to the Company under

                                       82
<PAGE>   89
Section 7.1(c) promptly upon being requested to do so by any Lender, and shall
thereupon notify all the Lenders thereof. The Administrative Agent shall give
notice to the Company under clause (b), (g) or (l) of Section 7.1 promptly upon
being requested to do so by the Required Lenders and shall thereupon notify all
the Lenders thereof. If the Borrowers fail to pay when due any principal,
interest, fee or commission payable to the Relevant Agent for the account of any
Lender, and such payment default is not cured before the end of the first
Domestic Business Day or the first Tokyo Business Day, as the case may be, after
the day on which such payment was due, the Relevant Agent shall notify each
Lender of such payment default during the second Domestic Business Day or second
Tokyo Business Day, as the case may be, after the date on which such payment was
due.

         SECTION 7.3. Notice of Termination. Promptly upon any termination of
the Commitments and Yen Commitments, the Administrative Agent will notify each
Lender and Issuing Bank thereof.

                                    ARTICLE 8
                                   THE AGENTS

         SECTION 8.1. Appointment and Authorization. Each Bank irrevocably
appoints and authorizes each of the Administrative Agent and the Documentation
Agent and each Yen Lender irrevocably appoints and authorizes each of the Yen
Administrative Agent and the Documentation Agent to take such action as agent on
its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the Notes and
Yen Notes as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or thereof,
together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.

         SECTION 8.2. Agents and Affiliates. Each of Morgan, NationsBank and BNY
shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender
and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not an
Agent hereunder. Each of Morgan, NationsBank and BNY (and their respective
affiliates) may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any
kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company
as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

         SECTION 8.3. Action by Agents. None of the Agents shall have any duties
or responsibilities hereunder, except those expressly set forth herein, or any
fiduciary relationship with any of the Lenders, and no implied

                                       83
<PAGE>   90
covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall
be read into or inferred from this Agreement or otherwise exist against any of
the Agents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, none of the Agents
shall (i) be required to take any action with respect to any Default, except in
the case of the Administrative Agent and the Yen Administrative Agent as
expressly provided in Article 7, or (ii) except for notices, reports and other
documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders hereunder, have any
duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other
information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which may come into the possession of such
Agent or any of its affiliates.

         SECTION 8.4. Consultation with Experts; Attorneys in Fact. Any of the
Agents may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for any Borrower),
independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and none of the
Agents shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good
faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. Any
of the Agents may execute any of its duties under this Agreement by or through
agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel
concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. None of the Agents shall be
responsible to the Lenders for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or
attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care.

         SECTION 8.5. Liability of Agents. None of the Agents, their respective
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall
be liable for any action taken or not taken in connection herewith (i) with the
consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or (ii) in the absence of its
own gross negligence or willful misconduct. None of the Agents, their respective
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall
be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any
statement, warranty or representation made in connection with this Agreement or
any borrowing hereunder or any issuance or extension of a Letter of Credit
hereunder; (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or
agreements of any Borrower or the properties, books or records of any Borrower
or its Subsidiaries; (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in
Article 4, except, in the case of the Documentation Agent, receipt of items
required to be delivered to it; or (iv) the validity, effectiveness or
genuineness of this Agreement, the Notes,

                                       84
<PAGE>   91
the Yen Notes or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection
herewith. None of the Agents shall incur any liability by acting in reliance
upon any notice, consent, certificate, statement or other writing (which may be
a bank wire, telex, facsimile transmission or similar writing) believed by it to
be genuine or to be signed by the proper party or parties.

         SECTION 8.6. Indemnification. Each Lender shall, ratably in accordance
with its Total Commitment, indemnify each of the Agents, their respective
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, agents and employees (to
the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting any obligation
of the Borrowers to do so) against any cost, expense (including counsel fees and
disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability that such indemnitee
may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement or any action taken or
omitted by such indemnitee hereunder (but, in the case of each Agent, only
actions taken or omitted in its capacity as such Agent hereunder); provided that
the Lenders shall not be obligated to indemnify any Agent or affiliate (or their
respective directors, officers, agents and employees) under this Section for (i)
such Agent's or affiliate's own gross negligence or willful misconduct or (ii)
such Agent's breach of its contractual obligations to the Lenders (or any of
them) under this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.7. Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that none of the
Agents, the Arrangers or their respective affiliates has made any
representations or warranties to such Lender and that no act by any Agent or
Arranger hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of any Borrower,
shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent or
Arranger to such Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and
without reliance upon any of the Agents, any of the Arrangers or any other
Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without
reliance upon any of the Agents, any of the Arrangers or any other Lender, and
based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the
time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking any
action under this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.8. Successor Agents. Any of the Agents may resign at any time
by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Company. Upon any such
resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor


                                       85
<PAGE>   92
to such Agent. If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have
accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice
of resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, Banks or
Yen Lenders, as the case may be, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a
commercial bank organized or licensed under the laws of the United States or of
any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least
$50,000,000. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as an Agent hereunder by a
successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become
vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any
retiring Agent's resignation hereunder as an Agent, the provisions of this
Article shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by it while it was an Agent hereunder.

         SECTION 8.9.  Fees of Administrative Agent and Yen Administrative 
Agent. The Company shall pay to each of the Administrative Agent and the Yen
Administrative Agent for its own account fees and expenses in the amounts and at
the times previously agreed upon between the Company and such Agent.

         SECTION 8.10. Arrangers. None of the Arrangers shall have any
responsibility, obligation or liability under this Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE 9
                             CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES

         SECTION 9.1.  Basis for Determining Dollar Interest Rate Inadequate or
Unfair. If on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for any CD Loan,
Euro-Dollar Loan or Money Market LIBOR Loan:

         (a) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Reference Banks that
    deposits in Dollars (in the applicable amounts) are not being offered to the
    Reference Banks in the relevant market for such Interest Period; or

         (b) in the case of CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, Banks having 50% or
    more of the aggregate principal amount of the affected Loans advise the
    Administrative Agent that the Adjusted CD Rate or the Adjusted London
    Interbank Offered Rate, as the case may be, as determined by the
    Administrative Agent will not

                                       86
<PAGE>   93
    adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of funding their CD
    Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the case may be, for such Interest Period,

the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Company and
the Banks, whereupon until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that
the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, (i) the
obligations of the Banks to make CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the case may
be, or to convert outstanding Loans into CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the
case may be, shall be suspended and (ii) each outstanding CD Loan or Euro-Dollar
Loan, as the case may be, shall be converted into a Base Rate Loan on the last
day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto. Unless the Company
notifies the Administrative Agent at least two Domestic Business Days before the
date of any Fixed Rate Borrowing for which a Notice of Borrowing has previously
been given that it elects not to borrow on such date, (i) if such Fixed Rate
Borrowing is a Committed Borrowing, such Borrowing shall instead be made as a
Base Rate Borrowing and (ii) if such Fixed Rate Borrowing is a Money Market
LIBOR Borrowing, the Money Market LIBOR Loans comprising such Borrowing shall
bear interest for each day from and including the first day to but excluding the
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto at the Base Rate for such
day.

         SECTION 9.2. Illegality. If, on or after the date of this Agreement,
the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in any
applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or
administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable
agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance
by any Bank (or its Euro-Dollar Lending Office) with any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or
comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Bank (or its
Euro-Dollar Lending Office) to make, maintain or fund its Euro-Dollar Loans to
any Borrower and such Bank shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the
Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Banks and
the Company, whereupon until such Bank notifies the Company and the
Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no
longer exist, the obligation of such Bank to make Euro-Dollar Loans to such
Borrower, or to convert outstanding Loans to such Borrower into Euro-Dollar
Loans, shall be suspended. Before giving any notice to the Administrative Agent
pursuant to this Section, such Bank shall designate a different Euro-Dollar
Lending Office if

                                       87
<PAGE>   94
such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in the
judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such notice
is given, each Euro-Dollar Loan of such Bank to the relevant Borrower then
outstanding shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan either (a) on the last day of
the then current Interest Period applicable to such Euro-Dollar Loan if such
Bank may lawfully continue to maintain and fund such Loan to such day or (b)
immediately if such Bank shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to
maintain and fund such Loan to such day.

         SECTION 9.3. Increased Cost and Reduced Return. (a) If, on or after (x)
the date hereof, in the case of any Extension of Credit except a Money Market
Loan or (y) the date of the related Money Market Quote, in the case of any Money
Market Loan, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any
change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central
bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration
thereof, or compliance by any Lender (or its Lending Office) with any request or
directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority,
central bank or comparable agency shall impose, modify or deem applicable any
reserve (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, but excluding (i) with respect
to any CD Loan any such requirement included in an applicable Domestic Reserve
Percentage and (ii) with respect to any Euro-Dollar Loan any such requirement
included in an applicable Euro-Dollar Reserve Percentage), special deposit,
insurance assessment (excluding, with respect to any CD Loan, any such
requirement reflected in an applicable Assessment Rate) or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by,
any Lender (or its Lending Office) or shall impose on any Lender (or its Lending
Office) or on the United States market for certificates of deposit or the London
interbank market or the Tokyo interbank market any other condition affecting its
Fixed Rate Loans, Yen Loans, Note or Yen Note or its obligation to make Fixed
Rate Loans or Yen Loans and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase
the cost to such Lender (or its Lending Office) of making or maintaining any
Fixed Rate Loan or Yen Loan, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or
receivable by such Lender (or its Lending Office) under this Agreement or under
its Note or Yen Note with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by such Lender to
be material, then, within 15 days after demand by such Lender (with a copy to
the Relevant Agent), the Company

                                       88
<PAGE>   95
shall pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate
such Lender for such increased cost or reduction.

         (b) If, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable
law, rule or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or
regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any
governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Issuing Bank or
any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) with any request or directive
(whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or
comparable agency shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve
(including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, insurance assessment
or similar requirement against or with respect to letters of credit or
participations in letters of credit or shall impose on any Issuing Bank or any
Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) any other condition regarding any Letter
of Credit, any Issuing Bank's obligation to issue any Letter of Credit or make
any payment under any Letter of Credit, or any Bank's obligation to pay any
Issuing Bank its ratable share of any drawing under any Letter of Credit, and
the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Issuing Bank
or such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) of issuing or maintaining any
Letter of Credit or participating therein or making any payment under any Letter
of Credit, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such
Issuing Bank or such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) under this
Agreement by an amount deemed by such Issuing Bank or such Bank to be material,
then, within 15 days after demand by such Issuing Bank or such Bank (with a copy
to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Issuing Bank or such
Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Issuing Bank or
such Bank for such increased cost or reduction.

         (c) If any Lender (including for this purpose any Issuing Bank) shall
have determined that, after the date hereof, the adoption of any applicable law,
rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any such law,
rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration
thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged
with the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive
regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such
authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of
reducing the rate of return on capital of such Lender (or

                                       89
<PAGE>   96
its Parent) as a consequence of such Lender's obligations hereunder or under any
Letter of Credit to a level below that which such Lender (or its Parent) could
have achieved but for such adoption, change, request or directive (taking into
consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed
by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, within 15 days after
demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Relevant Agent), the Company shall pay
to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender
(or its Parent) for such reduction.

         (d) Each Lender (including for this purpose any Issuing Bank) will
promptly notify the Company and the Relevant Agent of any event of which it has
knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle such Lender to
compensation pursuant to this Section and (except in the case of a Yen Lender)
will designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the
need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not, in the
judgment of such Lender, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender. A
certificate of any Lender claiming compensation under this Section and setting
forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be
conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such
Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods.

         SECTION 9.4. Taxes. (a) For purposes of this Section 9.4, the following
terms have the following meanings:

         "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies,
imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings with respect to any payment by any
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or under any Note or Yen Note, and all
liabilities with respect thereto, excluding (i) in the case of each Bank, each
Issuing Bank, each Yen Lender and each Agent, taxes imposed on its net income,
and franchise or similar taxes imposed on it, by a jurisdiction under the laws
of which such Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender or Agent (as the case may be) is
organized or in which its principal executive office is located or, in the case
of each Bank and each Yen Lender, in which its Lending Office is located and
(ii) in the case of each Bank and each Issuing Bank, any United States
withholding tax imposed on any such payments that, for United States federal
income tax purposes, are from United States sources, but only to the extent that
such Bank or such Issuing Bank would have been subject to United States
withholding tax on such payments under the applicable

                                       90
<PAGE>   97
laws and treaties in effect when such Bank or such Issuing Bank first becomes a
party to this Agreement.

         "Other Taxes" means any present or future stamp or documentary taxes
and any other excise or property taxes, or similar charges or levies, which
arise from any payment made pursuant to this Agreement or under any Note or from
the execution or delivery of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or
any Note.

         (b) Any and all payments by any Borrower to or for the account of any
Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender or Agent hereunder or under any Note shall be
made without deduction for any Taxes or Other Taxes; provided that, if any
Borrower shall be required by law to deduct any Taxes or Other Taxes from any
such payments, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after
making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional
sums payable under this Section 9.4), such Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender or
Agent (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have
received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Borrower shall make such
deductions, (iii) such Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the
relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law
and (iv) such Borrower shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address
referred to in Section 12.1, the original or a certified copy of a receipt
evidencing payment thereof.

         (c) The Company agrees to indemnify each Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender
and Agent for the full amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including, without
limitation, any Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on
amounts payable under this Section 9.4) paid by such Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen
Lender or Agent (as the case may be) and any liability (including penalties,
interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto. In addition,
the relevant Borrower agrees to indemnify each Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender
and Agent for all income taxes otherwise expressly excluded from the definition
of "Taxes" (calculated at the maximum marginal rate applicable to corporations)
to the extent such taxes result from Taxes or Other Taxes that are payable
pursuant to this Section 9.4. Indemnification payments pursuant to this Section
9.4(c) shall be made within 15 days after such Bank, Issuing Bank, Yen Lender or
Agent (as the case may be) makes written demand therefor.

         (d) Each Bank, Issuing Bank and Yen Lender organized under the laws of
a jurisdiction outside the United States, on or prior to the date of its
execution and

                                       91
<PAGE>   98
delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender
listed on the signature pages hereof and on or prior to the date on which it
becomes a Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender in the case of each other Bank,
Issuing Bank or Yen Lender, and from time to time thereafter if requested in
writing by the Company (but only so long as such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen
Lender remains lawfully able to do so), shall provide the Company and each
United States Borrower with Internal Revenue Service Form 1001 or 4224, as
appropriate, or any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service,
certifying that such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender is entitled to benefits
under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party which exempts
such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender from United States withholding tax or
reduces the rate of withholding tax on payments of interest for the account of
such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender or certifying that the income receivable
pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade
or business in the United States.

         (e) For any period with respect to which a Bank required to do so has
failed to provide the Company or any United States Borrower with the appropriate
form as required by Section 9.4(d) (unless such failure is due to a change in
treaty, law or regulation occurring subsequent to the date on which such form
originally was required to be provided), such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender
shall not be entitled to indemnification under Section 9.4(b) or 9.4(c) with
respect to Taxes imposed by the United States on payments made by the Company or
any such United States Borrower; provided that if a Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen
Lender, that is otherwise exempt from or subject to a reduced rate of
withholding tax becomes subject to Taxes because of its failure to deliver a
form required hereunder, the Company and the United States Borrowers shall take
such steps as such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender shall reasonably request to
assist such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender to recover such Taxes.

         (f) Each Bank, Issuing Bank and Yen Lender shall, at the request of the
Company or any Non-United States Borrower, use reasonable efforts (consistent
with legal and regulatory restrictions) to file any certificate or document
requested by the Company or such Non-United States Borrower if the making of
such a filing (i) would eliminate or reduce any additional amount payable by any
Non-United States Borrower to or for the account of any Bank, Issuing Bank or
Yen Lender pursuant to this Section 9.4 that may thereafter accrue and (ii)
would not, in the judgment of such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender, require
such Bank, Issuing Bank

                                       92
<PAGE>   99
or Yen Lender to disclose any confidential or proprietary information or be
otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender.

         (g) If any Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to or for the
account of any Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender pursuant to this Section 9.4,
then such Bank, Issuing Bank or Yen Lender will change the jurisdiction of its
Applicable Lending Office if, in the judgment of such Bank, such change (i) will
eliminate or reduce any such additional payment which may thereafter accrue and
(ii) is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank.

         SECTION 9.5. Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Fixed Rate Loans.
If (i) the obligation of any Bank to make or maintain Euro-Dollar Loans to any
Borrower has been suspended pursuant to Section 9.2 or (ii) any Bank has
demanded compensation under Section 9.3 or 9.4 with respect to its CD Loans or
Euro-Dollar Loans and the relevant Borrower shall, by at least five Euro-Dollar
Business Days' prior notice to such Bank through the Administrative Agent, have
elected that the provisions of this Section shall apply to such Bank, then,
unless and until such Bank notifies the Company that the circumstances giving
rise to such suspension or demand for compensation no longer exist:

         (a) all Loans to such Borrower which would otherwise be made by such
    Bank as (or continued as or converted into) CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans,
    as the case may be, shall instead be Base Rate Loans (on which interest and
    principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the related Fixed Rate
    Loans of the other Banks); and

         (b) after each of its CD Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans, as the case may
    be, to such Borrower has been repaid (or converted to a Base Rate Loan), all
    payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to repay such Fixed
    Rate Loans shall be applied to repay its Base Rate Loans instead.

If such Bank notifies the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such
notice no longer apply, the principal amount of each such Base Rate Loan shall
be converted into a CD Loan or Euro-Dollar Loan, as the case may be, on the
first day of the next succeeding Interest Period applicable to the related CD
Loans or Euro-Dollar Loans of the other Banks.

                                       93
<PAGE>   100
                                   ARTICLE 10
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
                            OF ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARIES

         Each Eligible Subsidiary that signs this Agreement represents and
warrants, and each Eligible Subsidiary that signs an Election to Participate by
doing so shall be deemed to have represented and warranted, that:

         SECTION 10.1. Corporate Existence and Power. It is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation and is a Substantially Wholly-Owned Consolidated
Subsidiary of the Company.

         SECTION 10.2. Corporate and Governmental Authorization; No
Contravention. The execution and delivery by it of this Agreement or its
Election to Participate, as the case may be, and its Notes and Yen Notes, and
the performance by it of this Agreement and its Notes and Yen Notes, are within
its corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental
body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a default under,
any provision of applicable law or regulation or of its certificate or
incorporation or by-laws or of any agreement, judgment, injunction, order,
decree or other instrument binding upon the Company or such Eligible Subsidiary
or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

         SECTION 10.3. Binding Effect. This Agreement constitutes a valid and
binding agreement of such Eligible Subsidiary and each of its Notes and Yen
Notes, when executed and delivered in accordance with this Agreement, will
constitute a valid and binding obligation of such Eligible Subsidiary, in each
case enforceable in accordance with its terms.

         SECTION 10.4. Taxes. Except as disclosed in such Election to
Participate, there is no tax, levy, impost, deduction, charge or withholding
imposed by any Governmental Authority either (i) on any payment to be made by
any Non-United States Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or on its Notes or Yen
Notes, or (ii) on or by virtue of the execution, delivery, performance,
enforcement or admissibility into evidence of this Agreement or such Election to
Participate or the Notes or Yen Notes of any NonUnited States Borrower.

                                       94
<PAGE>   101
                                   ARTICLE 11
                                    GUARANTY

         SECTION 11.1. The Guaranty. The Company hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably guarantees the full and punctual payment (whether at stated
maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on
each Note and Yen Note issued by each Eligible Subsidiary pursuant to this
Agreement, and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by
each Eligible Subsidiary under this Agreement. Upon failure by any Eligible
Subsidiary to pay punctually any such amount, the Company shall forthwith on
demand pay the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in
this Agreement.

         SECTION 11.2. Guaranty Unconditional. The obligations of the Company
under this Article 11 shall be unconditional and irrevocable and, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or
otherwise affected by:

         (i)   anyextension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release
    in respect of any obligation of any Eligible Subsidiary under this Agreement
    or any Note or Yen Note, by operation of law or otherwise;

        (ii)   any modification or amendment of or supplement to this Agreement
    or any Note or Yen Note;

       (iii)   any release, impairment, non-perfection or invalidity of any
    direct or indirect security for any obligation of any Eligible Subsidiary
    under this Agreement or any Note or Yen Note;

        (iv)   any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of
    any Eligible Subsidiary, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or
    other similar proceeding affecting any Eligible Subsidiary or its assets or
    any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Eligible
    Subsidiary contained in this Agreement or any Note or Yen Note;

         (v)   the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which the
    Company may have at any time against any Eligible Subsidiary, any Agent, any
    Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or any unrelated
    transactions, provided that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of
    any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim;


                                       95
<PAGE>   102

          (vi)  any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any
    Eligible Subsidiary for any reason of this Agreement or any Note or Yen
    Note, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to
    prohibit the payment by any Eligible Subsidiary of the principal of or
    interest on any Note or Yen Note or any other amount payable by it under
    this Agreement; or

         (vii) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any
    Eligible Subsidiary, any Agent, any Lender or any other Person or any other
    circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this
    paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to the
    Company's obligations hereunder.

         SECTION 11.3. Discharge Only Upon Payment in Full; Reinstatement in
Certain Circumstances. The Company's obligations under this Article 11 shall
remain in full force and effect until the Commitments and the Yen Commitments
shall have terminated and the principal of and interest on the Notes and Yen
Notes and all other amounts payable by each Eligible Subsidiary under this
Agreement shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of principal
of or interest on any Note or Yen Note of any Eligible Subsidiary or any other
amount payable by any Eligible Subsidiary under this Agreement is rescinded or
must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or
reorganization of such Eligible Subsidiary or otherwise, the Company's
obligations hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated at such
time as though such payment had been due but not made at such time.

         SECTION 11.4. Waiver by the Company. The Company irrevocably waives
acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for
herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any
Person against any Eligible Subsidiary or any other Person.

         SECTION 11.5. Subrogation. Upon making any payment with respect to the
obligations of any Eligible Subsidiary hereunder, the Company shall be
subrogated to the rights of the payee against such Eligible Subsidiary with
respect to such payment; provided that the Company shall not enforce any payment
by way of subrogation against such Eligible Subsidiary so long as any Lender has
any Commitment or Yen Commitment to such Eligible Subsidiary hereunder or any
Letter of Credit issued to such Eligible Subsidiary remains outstanding or any
amount payable under any Note or Yen Note of such Eligible Subsidiary remains
unpaid or any Reimbursement Obligation of such Eligible Subsidiary remains
unpaid.

                                       96
<PAGE>   103
         SECTION 11.6. Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of
the time for payment of any amount payable by any Eligible Subsidiary under this
Agreement or its Notes or Yen Notes is stayed upon insolvency, bankruptcy or
reorganization of such Eligible Subsidiary, all such amounts otherwise subject
to acceleration under the terms of this Agreement shall nonetheless be payable
by the Company hereunder forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent made at
the request of the Required Lenders.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         SECTION 12.1. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications
to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telex,
facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to such party: (x)
in the case of any Borrower or any Agent, at its address, facsimile number or
telex number set forth on the signature pages hereof (or, in the case of any
Eligible Subsidiary that signs an Election to Participate, set forth therein),
(y) in the case of any Lender, at its address, facsimile number or telex number
set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or (z) in the case of any party,
at such other address, facsimile number or telex number as such party may
hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent, the Yen
Administrative Agent and the Company. Each such notice, request or other
communication shall be effective (i) if given by telex, when such telex is
transmitted to the telex number specified in this Section and the appropriate
answerback is received, (ii) if given by facsimile transmission, when
transmitted to the facsimile number specified in this Section and confirmation
of receipt is received, (iii) if given by mail, 72 hours after such
communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid,
addressed as aforesaid or (iv) if given by any other means, when delivered at
the address specified in this Section; provided that notices to the
Administrative Agent under Article 2 or Article 9 or to the Yen Administrative
Agent under Article 3 or Article 9 shall not be effective until received.

         SECTION 12.2. No Waivers. No failure or delay by any Agent or any
Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any Note
or Yen Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial
exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided
shall be

                                       97
<PAGE>   104
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

         SECTION 12.3. Expenses; Indemnification. (a) The Company shall pay (i)
the fees and disbursements of special counsel for the Documentation Agent
incurred on or prior to the Effective Date in connection with the preparation of
this Agreement, (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Documentation
Agent after the Effective Date, including fees and disbursements of its special
counsel, in connection with post-closing distribution of documents and any
waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or any Default or alleged
Default hereunder and (iii) if an Event of Default occurs, all out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by each Agent (including fees and disbursements of their
respective special counsel) in connection with such Event of Default and by each
Agent and each Lender, including (without duplication) the fees and
disbursements of counsel (including allocated costs of internal counsel), in
connection with collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement
proceedings resulting therefrom.

         (b) The Company agrees to indemnify each Agent, each Arranger, each
Issuing Bank and each Lender, their respective affiliates and the respective
directors, officers, agents and employees of the foregoing (each an
"Indemnitee") and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind, including, without
limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which may be
incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with any investigative, administrative
or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a
party thereto) brought or threatened relating to or arising out of this
Agreement or any actual or proposed use of proceeds of Loans or Yen Loans
hereunder or any Letter of Credit; provided that no Indemnitee shall have the
right to be indemnified hereunder for such Indemnitee's own gross negligence or
willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.

         SECTION 12.4. Sharing of Set-Offs. Each Lender agrees that if it shall,
by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, receive payment
of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with
respect to (i) any Note or Yen Note held by it and (ii) its participation in any
Reimbursement Obligation (collectively, its "Relevant Debt") which is greater
than the proportion received by any other Lender in respect of the Relevant Debt
of such other Lender, the Lender receiving such proportionately greater payment
shall purchase such

                                       98
<PAGE>   105
participations in the Relevant Debt of the other Lender, and such other
adjustments shall be made, as may be required so that all such payments of
principal and interest with respect to the Relevant Debt of the Lenders shall be
shared by the Lenders pro rata; provided that nothing in this Section shall
impair the right of any Lender to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim
it may have and to apply the amount subject to such exercise to the payment of
indebtedness of a Borrower other than the Relevant Debt of such Lender.

         SECTION 12.5. Amendments and Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement
or the Notes or Yen Notes may be amended or waived if, but only if, such
amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by the Company and the Required
Lenders (and, if the rights or duties of any Agent or Issuing Bank are affected
thereby, by such Agent or Issuing Bank, as the case may be); provided that:

         (a) no such amendment or waiver shall, unless signed by all the
Lenders, (i) increase or decrease the Commitment or Yen Commitment of any Lender
(except for a ratable decrease in the Commitments or the Yen Commitments, as the
case may be) or subject any Lender to any additional obligation, (ii) forgive
all or any portion of the principal of or interest on, or reduce the rate of
interest on, any Loan or Yen Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation or forgive or
reduce any fees hereunder, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of
principal of or interest on any Loan or Yen Loan or any Reimbursement Obligation
or any fees hereunder or for the termination of the Commitments or Yen
Commitments, (iv) change any provision of Article 11 or this Section 12.5 or (v)
change the percentage of the Total Commitments or of any other amount or the
number of Lenders, Banks or Yen Lenders, which shall be required for the
Lenders, Banks or Yen Lenders, or any of them, to take any action under this
Section or any other provision of this Agreement;

         (b) Exhibit M hereto may be amended as provided in Section 5.9;

         (c) clause (a)(ii) of this Section shall not apply to any amendment
pursuant to Section 1.2 for the purpose of eliminating the effect of any change
in GAAP;

         (d) no such amendment or waiver shall, unless signed by an Eligible
Subsidiary, (w) subject such Eligible Subsidiary to any additional obligation,
(x) increase the principal of or rate of interest on any outstanding Loan or Yen
Loan of such Eligible Subsidiary, (y) accelerate the

                                       99
<PAGE>   106
stated maturity of any outstanding Loan or Yen Loan of such Eligible Subsidiary
or (z) change any provision of this clause (d);

         (e) no such amendment or waiver that affects the rights or obligations
of the Yen Lenders (but does not affect the corresponding rights or obligations
of the Banks on a pro rata or other equivalent basis) shall be effective unless
signed by the Required Yen Lenders; and

         (f) no such amendment or waiver that affects the rights or obligations
of the Banks (but does not affect the corresponding rights and obligations of
the Yen Lenders on a pro rata or other equivalent basis) shall be effective
unless signed by the Required Banks.

         SECTION 12.6. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign
or otherwise transfer any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of all the Lenders.

         (b) Any Lender may at any time grant to one or more banks or other
institutions (each a "Participant") participating interests in its Commitment or
Yen Commitment, any or all of its Loans or Yen Loans, or in the case of any
Bank, its participation in any or all of the Letters of Credit or outstanding
Reimbursement Obligations; provided that no Lender may grant any such
participating interest to a business competitor of the Company. In the event of
any such grant by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such
Lender shall notify the Company and the Administrative Agent (and, in the case
of a Yen Lender, the Yen Administrative Agent) thereof, but such Lender shall
remain responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and the
Borrowers, the Issuing Banks and the Agents shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and
obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which any Lender may
grant such a participating interest shall provide that such Lender shall retain
the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations of the Borrowers
hereunder including, without limitation, the right to approve any amendment,
modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such
participation agreement may provide that such Lender will not agree to any
modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in clause (i),
(ii) or (iii) of Section 12.5(a) without the consent of the Participant. The
Borrowers agree that each Participant shall, to the extent

                                      100
<PAGE>   107
provided in its participation agreement, be entitled to the benefits of Article
9 with respect to its participating interest. An assignment or other transfer
which is not permitted by subsection (c) or (d) below shall be given effect for
purposes of this Agreement only to the extent of a participating interest
granted in accordance with this subsection (b).

         (c) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more banks or other
institutions (each an "Assignee") either (i) all, or a proportionate part
(equivalent to an initial Commitment of not less than $10,000,000) of all, of
its rights and obligations as a Bank under this Agreement and the Notes or (ii)
all, or a proportionate part (equivalent to an initial Yen Commitment of not
less than $5,000,000) of all of its rights and obligations as a Yen Lender under
this Agreement and the Yen Notes, and such Assignee shall assume such rights and
obligations, pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption Agreement in substantially
the form of Exhibit K hereto executed by such Assignee and such transferor
Lender, with (and subject to) the subscribed consent of the Company, the
Relevant Agent and the Issuing Banks, which shall not be unreasonably withheld;
provided that (i) if an Assignee is an affiliate of such transferor Lender or
was a Lender immediately prior to such assignment, no such consent shall be
required and (ii) no Lender shall make any such assignment to a business
competitor of the Company; and provided further that such assignment may, but
need not, include rights of a transferor Bank in respect of outstanding Money
Market Loans. Upon execution and delivery of such instrument and payment by such
Assignee to such transferor Lender of an amount equal to the purchase price
agreed between such transferor Lender and such Assignee, such Assignee shall be
a Lender party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations
of a Lender with a Commitment or Yen Commitment, as set forth in such instrument
of assumption, and the transferor Lender shall be released from its obligations
hereunder to a corresponding extent, and no further consent or action by any
party shall be required. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to
this subsection (c), the transferor Lender and the Borrowers shall make
appropriate arrangements so that, if required, a new Note or Yen Note is issued
to the Assignee. In connection with any such assignment, the transferor Lender
shall pay to the Relevant Agent an administrative fee for processing such
assignment in the amount of $2,500. If the Assignee is not incorporated under
the laws of the United States or a state thereof, it shall deliver to the
Company and the Relevant Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes in accordance with Section
9.4.

                                      101
<PAGE>   108
         (d) Any Lender may at any time assign all or any portion of its rights
under this Agreement and its Note to a Federal Reserve Bank. No such assignment
shall release the transferor Lender from its obligations hereunder.

         (e) No Assignee, Participant or other transferee of any Lender's rights
shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 9.3 or 9.4 than
such Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the rights
transferred, unless such transfer is made with the Company's prior written
consent or by reason of the provisions of Section 9.2, 9.3 or 9.4 requiring a
Lender to designate a different Lending Office under certain circumstances or at
a time when the circumstances giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.

         SECTION 12.7. Judgment Currency. If for the purpose of obtaining
judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower
hereunder or under any Note in Dollars or due hereunder or under any Yen Note in
Yen (in each case, the "Contract Currency") into another currency (the "Judgment
Currency"), the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may
effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in
accordance with normal banking procedures the Relevant Agent could purchase the
Contract Currency with the Judgment Currency at the Relevant Agent's New York
office on the Domestic Business Day (or the Tokyo Business Day in the case of
the Yen Administrative Agent) preceding that on which final judgment is given.
The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or any
Agent hereunder or under any Note or Yen Note shall, notwithstanding any
judgment in a currency other than the Contract Currency, be discharged only to
the extent that on the Domestic Business Day (or Tokyo Business Day) following
receipt by such Lender or such Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to
be so due in the Judgment Currency such Lender or such Agent (as the case may
be) may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Contract
Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Contract Currency so
purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or such Agent, as
the case may be, in the Contract Currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest
extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and
notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or such Agent, as
the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the Contract Currency
so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or any Agent, as
the case may be, and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of
allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender

                                      102
<PAGE>   109
under Section 12.4, such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess
to the appropriate Borrower.

         SECTION 12.8. Foreign Subsidiary Costs. (a) If the cost to any Lender
of making or maintaining any Loan or Yen Loan to an Eligible Subsidiary is
increased, or the amount of any sum received or receivable by any Lender (or its
Lending Office) is reduced by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, by
reason of the fact that such Eligible Subsidiary is incorporated in, or conducts
business in, a jurisdiction outside the United States, the Company shall
indemnify such Lender for such increased cost or reduction within 15 days after
demand by such Lender (with a copy to the Relevant Agent). A certificate of such
Lender claiming compensation under this subsection (a) and setting forth the
additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder shall be conclusive in
the absence of manifest error.

         (b) Each Lender will promptly notify the Company and the Relevant Agent
of any event of which it has knowledge that will entitle such Lender to
compensation pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section and will designate a
different Lending Office, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation
will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and will not
be otherwise disadvantageous to such Lender.

         SECTION 12.9. Confidentiality. Each Lender agrees to use its reasonable
efforts (consistent with its established procedures, if reasonable) to (i) keep
confidential all non-public information received by it from the Company which
has been identified (or may from time to time be identified) as "confidential"
by the Company in writing (herein called "Confidential Information") and (ii)
not disclose, or cause to be disclosed, such Confidential Information to third
parties or use such Confidential Information competitively against the Company
or in violation of federal securities laws; provided that the provisions of this
Section shall not apply to any Confidential Information that becomes generally
available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure or other action
or omission by any of the Lenders or any of their respective affiliates. Any
Lender may disclose Confidential Information to any prospective permitted
transferee of any of its interests hereunder if such permitted transferee shall,
prior to such disclosure, agree in writing for the benefit of the Company to
hold such Confidential Information confidential subject to the terms of this
Section. Each Lender may disclose Confidential Information as required by any
applicable law, governmental rule or governmental

                                      103
<PAGE>   110
regulation or by court order or by any governmental authority or as such Lender
may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in its dealings with any governmental
authority. Each Lender may disclose Confidential Information (x) to its Parent,
its affiliates, its legal counsel or its independent auditors who agree to hold
such Confidential Information confidential subject to the terms set forth in
this Section (and each Lender agrees to use its reasonable efforts (consistent
with its established procedures, if reasonable) to ensure that each Person to
whom it makes disclosure pursuant to this sentence shall keep such Confidential
Information confidential on such terms) or (y) in the course of any litigation
relating to this Agreement if such Lender is a party to such litigation. Each
Lender may also disclose Confidential Information to its directors, trustees,
employees, agents, attorneys and accountants who would ordinarily have access to
such data and information in the normal course of the performance of their
duties. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, no Lender
shall be liable to the Company or any other Person for damages arising from the
disclosure of Confidential Information despite compliance by such Lender with
this Section.

         SECTION 12.10. Collateral. Each of the Lenders represents to the Agents
and the other Lenders that it in good faith is not relying upon any "margin
stock" (as defined in Regulation U) as collateral in the extension or
maintenance of the credit provided for in this Agreement.

         SECTION 12.11. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This
Agreement, each Note, each Yen Note and each Letter of Credit (except Letters of
Credit to the extent therein stated to be governed by the Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits issued by the International Chamber of
Commerce, Publication No. 500 (1993 revision)) shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflicts of law rules of such State. Each Borrower hereby submits to the
nonexclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York and of any New York State court sitting in New York City
for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this
Agreement, the Notes, the Yen Notes or the transactions contemplated hereby.
Each Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any
such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding
brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

                                      104
<PAGE>   111
         SECTION 12.12. Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be signed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the
parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings,
oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.

         SECTION 12.13. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE BORROWERS, THE AGENTS,
THE ISSUING BANKS AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, THE NOTES, THE YEN NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

         SECTION 12.14. COMMERCIAL TRANSACTION; WAIVER OF RIGHTS. EACH BORROWER
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
CONSTITUTE COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 52-278A OF THE
CONNECTICUT GENERAL STATUTES. EACH BORROWER EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS
TO PRIOR NOTICE AND A PRIOR HEARING IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PREJUDGMENT REMEDY
AVAILABLE TO THE LENDERS, THE ISSUING BANKS OR THE AGENTS UNDER SECTIONS 52-278A
TO 52-278G, INCLUSIVE, OF THE CONNECTICUT GENERAL STATUTES AND ANY AND ALL
CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PRIOR NOTICE AND HEARING. THE
FOREGOING WAIVER DOES NOT AFFECT ANY BORROWER'S RIGHTS TO A SUBSEQUENT NOTICE
AND HEARING.

                                      105
<PAGE>   112
             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and
year first above written.

                                   UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION


                                   By: /s/ Richard A. Douville
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard A. Douville
                                       Title: Vice President & Treasurer
                                       150 Glover Avenue
                                       Norwalk, Connecticut 06856
                                       Attn: Treasurer
                                       Facsimile number: (203) 845-0315


                                   AUTO SUTURE JAPAN INC.


                                   By: /s/ Thomas R. Bremer
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Thomas R. Bremer
                                       Title: Representative Director
                                       c/o United States
                                           Surgical Corporation
                                       150 Glover Avenue
                                       Norwalk, Connecticut 06856
                                       Attn: Treasurer
                                       Facsimile number: (203) 845-0315


                                   USSC FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.


                                   By: /s/ Richard A. Douville
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard A. Douville
                                       Title: Vice President
                                       c/o United States
                                           Surgical Corporation
                                       150 Glover Avenue
                                       Norwalk, Connecticut 06856
                                       Attn: Treasurer
                                       Facsimile number: (203) 845-0315

                                      106
<PAGE>   113
                                   BANK OF AMERICA ILLINOIS


                                   By: /s/ Wendy L. Loring
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Wendy L. Loring
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   THE BANK OF NEW YORK


                                   By: /s/ David C. Judge
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  David C. Judge
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF
                                       NEW YORK


                                   By: /s/ Adam J. Silver
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Adam J. Silver
                                       Title: Associate


                                   NATIONSBANK, N.A.


                                   By: /s/ Lucine Kirchhoff
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Lucine Kirchhoff
                                       Title: Senior Vice President


                                   CREDITANSTALT CORPORATE FINANCE, INC.


                                   By: /s/ Gregory F. Mathis
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Gregory F. Mathis
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   By: /s/ Stacy Harmon
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Stacy Harmon
                                       Title: Senior Associate

                                      107
<PAGE>   114
                                   COOPERATIEVE CENTRALE
                                       RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK,
                                       B.A., "RABOBANK NEDERLAND",
                                       NEW YORK BRANCH


                                   By: /s/ M. Christina Debler
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  M. Christina Debler
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   By: /s/ Ian Reece
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Ian Reece
                                       Title: Vice President & Manager


                                   BANCA POPOLARE DI MILANO -
                                       NEW YORK BRANCH


                                   By: /s/ Fulvio Montanari
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Fulvio Montanari
                                       Title: First Vice President


                                   By: /s/ Esperanza Quintero
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Esperanza Quintero
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   BANK OF BOSTON CONNECTICUT


                                   By: /s/ W. Lincoln Schoff, Jr.
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  W. Lincoln Schoff, Jr.
                                       Title: Director


                                   CORESTATES BANK, N.A.


                                   By: /s/ Brian M. Haley
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Brian M. Haley
                                       Title: Vice President

                                      108
<PAGE>   115
                                   PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                   By: /s/ Nancy S. Goldman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Nancy S. Goldman
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK, LTD.


                                   By: /s/ Andreas Panteli
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Andreas Panteli
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS


                                   By: /s/ Richard L. Sted
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Richard L. Sted
                                       Title: Senior Vice President


                                   By: /s/ Sophie Revillard Kaufman
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Sophie Revillard Kaufman
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.


                                   By: /s/ Joan F. Garvin
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Joan F. Garvin
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   COMMERZBANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT -
                                       NEW YORK BRANCH


                                   By: /s/ G. Rod McWalters
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  G. Rod McWalters
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   By: /s/ Michael D. Hintz
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Michael D. Hintz
                                       Title: Vice President

                                      109
<PAGE>   116
                                   SUNTRUST BANK, ATLANTA


                                   By: /s/ Craig W. Farnsworth
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Craig W. Farnsworth
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   UNION BANK OF SWITZERLAND


                                   By: /s/ Christopher W. Criswell
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Christopher W. Criswell
                                       Title: Managing Director


                                   By: /s/ Dieter Hoeppli
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Dieter Hoeppli
                                       Title: Assistant Vice President


                                   THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                       NEW YORK BRANCH


                                   By: /s/ Teji Teramoto
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Teji Teramoto
                                       Title: Vice President & Manager


                                   THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN
                                       TRUST COMPANY


                                   By: /s/ J. Kenneth Biegen
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  J. Kenneth Biegen
                                       Title: Senior Vice President


                                   MELLON BANK, N.A.


                                   By: /s/ John Paul Marotta
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  John Paul Marotta
                                       Title: Assistant Vice President

                                      110
<PAGE>   117
                                   NATWEST BANK N.A.


                                   By: /s/ Susan M. O'Connor
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Susan m. O'Connor
                                       Title: Senior Vice President


                                   THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED


                                   By: /s/ David A. Kelson
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  David A. Kelson
                                       Title: Vice President


                                   THE SUMITOMO BANK, LTD. -
                                       NEW YORK BRANCH


                                   By: /s/ S. Higashi
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  S. Higashi
                                       Title: Joint General Manager


                                   NATIONSBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent


                                   By: /s/ Lucine Kirchhoff
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Lucine Kirchoff
                                       Title: Senior Vice President
                                       100 N. Tryon Street, 8th Floor
                                       Charlotte, North Carolina 28255
                                       Attention: Michael A. Crabb, III
                                       Facsimile number: (704) 388-6002


                                   THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as
                                       Yen Administrative Agent


                                   By: /s/ David C. Judge
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  David C. Judge
                                       Title: Vice President
                                       One Wall Street
                                       New York, New York 10286
                                       Attention: David C. Judge
                                       Facsimile number: (212) 635-6999

                                      111
<PAGE>   118

                                   MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF
                                     NEW YORK, as Documentation Agent

                                   By: /s/ Adam J. Silver
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Adam J. Silver
                                       Title: Associate
                                       60 Wall Street
                                       New York, New York 10260
                                       Attention: Adam J. Silver
                                       Facsimile number: (212) 648-5021



                                      112

<PAGE>   119
                      COMMITMENT SCHEDULE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Bank                                                           Commitment
- ------------------------------------------------------   ----------------------
<S>                                                        <C>
Bank of America Illinois                                   $    27,000,000

The Bank of New York                                       $    27,000,000

Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York                  $    27,000,000

NationsBank, N.A.                                          $    27,000,000

Creditanstalt Corporate Finance, Inc.                      $    21,000,000

Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffesien-
 BoerenleenBank, B.A., "RaboBank                           $    21,000,000
 Nederland", New York Branch

Banca Popolare di Milano - New York Branch                 $    15,000,000

Bank of Boston Connecticut                                 $    15,000,000

Corestates Bank, N.A.                                      $    15,000,000

PNC Bank, National Association                             $    15,000,000

The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd.                             $    14,000,000

Banque Nationale de Paris                                  $    10,000,000

The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.                             $    10,000,000

CommerzBank Aktiengesellschaft - New York
 Branch                                                    $    10,000,000

SunTrust Bank, Atlanta                                     $    10,000,000

Union Bank of Switzerland                                  $    10,000,000

The Fuji Bank, Limited, New York Branch                    $     6,000,000
                                                      
The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company                 $     6,000,000
                                                     
Mellon Bank, N.A.                                          $     5,000,000
                                                     
NatWest Bank N.A.                                          $     5,000,000
                                                     
The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited                               $     2,000,000
                                                     
The Sumitomo Bank, Ltd. - New York Branch                  $     2,000,000
                                                           ===============
                                                     
       TOTAL                                               $   300,000,000

</TABLE>                                             

<PAGE>   120
                    YEN COMMITMENT SCHEDULE



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Yen Lender                                                  Yen Commitment
- ------------------------------------------------------   ----------------------
<S>                                                         <C>
The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd.                              $     7,000,000

The Fuji Bank, Limited, New York Branch                     $     5,000,000

The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company                  $     5,000,000

The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited                                $     4,000,000

The Sumitomo Bank, Ltd. -- New York Branch                  $     4,000,000
                                                            ===============

       TOTAL                                                $    25,000,000
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   121
                        PRICING SCHEDULE


         The "Euro-Dollar Margin", "CD Margin", "LC Commission Rate", "Facility
Fee Rate" and "TIBOR Margin", for any day, are the respective rates per annum
set forth below in the applicable row under the column corresponding to the
Pricing Level that applies on such day:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 Level I       Level II      Level  III        Level IV       Level V        Level VI
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  <S>            <C>           <C>           <C>               <C>            <C>            <C>
  Euro-           .225%         .325%         .425%             .525%          .600%          .650%
  Dollar
  Margin
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TIBOR           .225%         .325%         .425%             .525%          .600%          .650%
  Margin

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  CD Margin       .350%         .450%         .550%             .650%          .725%          .775%
                  

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  LC
  Commission      .225%         .325%         .425%             .525%          .600%          .650%
  Rate
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Facility        .150%         .175%         .200%             .225%          .275%          .350%
  Fee Rate

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



         For purposes of this Pricing Schedule, the following terms have the
following meanings:

         "Level I Pricing" applies on any day during any Pricing Period if the
Pricing Ratio for such Pricing Period is less than or equal to 1.5.

         "Level II Pricing" applies on any day during any Pricing Period if the
Pricing Ratio for such Pricing Period is greater than 1.5 but less than or equal
to 2.0.

         "Level III Pricing" applies on any day during any Pricing Period if the
Pricing Ratio for such Pricing Period is greater than 2.0 but less than or equal
to 2.5.

         "Level IV Pricing" applies on any day during any Pricing Period if the
Pricing Ratio for such Pricing Period is greater than 2.5 but less than or equal
to 3.0.

         "Level V Pricing" applies on any day during any Pricing Period if the
Pricing Ratio for such Pricing Period is greater than 3.0 but less than or equal
to 3.5.

<PAGE>   122
         "Level VI Pricing" applies on any day if none of Level I Pricing, Level
II Pricing, Level III Pricing, Level IV Pricing or Level V Pricing applies on
such day.

         "Pricing Level" refers to the determination of which of Level I
Pricing, Level II Pricing, Level III Pricing, Level IV Pricing, Level V Pricing
or Level VI Pricing applies on any day.

         "Pricing Period" means a period from and including the 46th day after
the end of any Fiscal Quarter to and including the 45th day after the end of the
next succeeding Fiscal Quarter; provided that the first Pricing Period shall
begin on the Effective Date.

         "Pricing Ratio" for any Pricing Period means the ratio of (i)
Consolidated Debt at the end of the Prior Fiscal Quarter to (ii) Consolidated
EBITDA for the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then ended.

         "Prior Fiscal Quarter" for any Pricing Period means the Fiscal Quarter
ended 46 days before such Pricing Period begins.

<PAGE>   123
                                                   EXHIBIT A


                          NOTE


                                           New York, New York
                                           December 20, 1995


         For value received, [Borrower], a [             ] corporation (the
"Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of

(the "Bank"), for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, the unpaid
principal amount of each Loan made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the
Credit Agreement referred to below on the maturity date provided for in the
Credit Agreement.  The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of each such Loan on the dates and at the rate or rates
provided for in the Credit Agreement.  All such payments of principal and
interest shall be made in lawful money of the United States in Federal or other
immediately available funds at the office of NationsBank, N.A., NationsBank
Corporate Center, Charlotte, North Carolina.

         All Loans made by the Bank, the respective types thereof and all
repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded by the Bank and, if the
Bank so elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement hereof,
appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to
each such Loan then outstanding may be endorsed by the Bank on the schedule
attached hereto, any other schedule attached hereto or on a continuation of any
such schedule attached to and made a part hereof; provided that the failure of
the Bank to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the Credit Agreement.

         This note is one of the Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement dated
as of December 20, 1995 among United States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible
Subsidiaries referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto,
NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The
Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
of New York, as Documentation Agent (as the same may be amended from time to
time, the "Credit Agreement").  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used
herein with the same meanings.  Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for
provisions for

<PAGE>   124
the mandatory and optional prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the
maturity hereof.

         The payment in full of the principal and interest on this Note has,
pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, been unconditionally
guaranteed by United States Surgical Corporation.*


                                [BORROWER]



                                By:
                                   --------------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:





- -----------------------------
*        This paragraph should be deleted from Notes signed by the Company.

<PAGE>   125
                         Note (cont'd)

                LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Amount of
                 Amount of       Type of        Principal     Notation
  Date             Loan           Loan           Repaid        Made By
<S>              <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   126
                                                   EXHIBIT B


                        YEN NOTE


                                           New York, New York
                                           December 20, 1995


         For value received, [Borrower], a [             ] corporation (the
"Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of

(the "Yen Lender"), for the account of its Yen Lending Office, the unpaid
principal amount of each Yen Loan made by the Yen Lender to the Borrower
pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to below on the Termination Date
provided for in the Credit Agreement.  The Borrower promises to pay interest on
the unpaid principal amount of each such Yen Loan on the dates and at the rate
or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement.  All such payments of principal
and interest shall be made in lawful money of Japan in immediately available
funds at the office of The Bank of New York in Tokyo, Japan.

         All Yen Loans made by the Yen Lender and all repayments of the
principal thereof shall be recorded by the Yen Lender and, if the Yen Lender so
elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement hereof, appropriate
notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each such Yen
Loan then outstanding may be endorsed by the Yen Lender on the schedule
attached hereto, any other schedule attached hereto or on a continuation of any
such schedule attached to and made a part hereof; provided that the failure of
the Yen Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under the Credit Agreement.

         This note is one of the Yen Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement
dated as of December 20, 1995 among United States Surgical Corporation, the
Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing Banks party
thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party
thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty
Trust Company of New York, as Documentation Agent (as the same may be amended
from time to time, the "Credit Agreement").  Terms defined in the Credit
Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.  Reference is made to the
Credit

<PAGE>   127
Agreement for provisions for the optional prepayment hereof and the
acceleration of the maturity hereof.

         The payment in full of the principal and interest on this Yen Note
has, pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement, been unconditionally
guaranteed by United States Surgical Corporation.*


                                [BORROWER]



                                By:
                                   --------------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:




- -----------------------------
*        This paragraph should be deleted from Yen Notes signed by the Company.

<PAGE>   128
                       Yen Note (cont'd)

                LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Amount of
                 Amount of      Type of        Principal      Notation
  Date             Loan          Loan           Repaid         Made By
<S>              <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   129
                                                   EXHIBIT C


                   MONEY MARKET QUOTE REQUEST

[Date]


To:      NationsBank, N.A. (the "Administrative Agent")

From:    [BORROWER]

Re:      Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995 (as amended from time to
         time, the "Credit Agreement") among United States Surgical Corporation,
         the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing
         Banks party thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the
         Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative
         Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Documentation
         Agent.

         We hereby give notice pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Credit Agreement
that we request Money Market Quotes for the following proposed Money Market
Borrowing(s):


Date of Borrowing:
                 -------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Principal Amount*    Interest Period**
- ----------------     ---------------
<S>                  <C>
$
</TABLE>


         Such Money Market Quotes should offer a Money Market [Margin] [Absolute
Rate]. [The applicable base rate is the London Interbank Offered Rate.]





- -----------------------------
*        Amount must be $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000.

**       Not less than 7 days, subject to the provisions of the definition of
         Interest Period.

<PAGE>   130
         Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit
Agreement.


                                [BORROWER]


                                By:
                                   --------------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:





<PAGE>   131
                                                                       EXHIBIT D


                   INVITATION FOR MONEY MARKET QUOTES


To:  [Bank]

Re:  Invitation for Money Market Quotes to [Borrower] (the "Borrower")


         Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Credit Agreement dated as of December
20, 1995 (as amended from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") among United
States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the
Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, the undersigned, as Administrative Agent,
the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative
Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Documentation Agent, we
are pleased on behalf of the Borrower to invite you to submit Money Market
Quotes to the Borrower for the following proposed Money Market Borrowing(s):


Date of Borrowing:
                 -------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Principal Amount     Interest Period
- ----------------     ---------------
<S>                  <C>
$
</TABLE>

         Such Money Market Quotes should offer a Money Market [Margin] [Absolute
Rate].  [The applicable base rate is the London Interbank Offered Rate.]

         Please respond to this invitation by no later than [2:00 P.M.]
[9:30 A.M.] (New York City time) on [date].

         Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit
Agreement.


                           NATIONSBANK, N.A., as
                              Administrative Agent


                           By:
                              -------------------------------------
                                 Authorized Officer

<PAGE>   132
                                                   EXHIBIT E


                       MONEY MARKET QUOTE


To:  NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent

Re:  Money Market Quote to [Name of Borrower] (the "Borrower")


In response to your invitation on behalf of the Borrower dated     ,
19  , we hereby make the following Money Market Quote on the following terms:

1.   Quoting Bank:
2.   Person to contact at Quoting Bank:

3.   Date of Borrowing:                 *
4.   We hereby offer to make Money Market Loan(s) in the following principal
     amounts, for the following Interest Periods and at the following rates:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Principal        Interest      Money Market
Amount**         Period***     [Margin****]         [Absolute
Rate*****]
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>           <C>                  <C>
$

$
</TABLE>


         [Provided, that the aggregate principal amount of Money Market Loans
for which the above offers may be accepted shall not exceed $    .]**





- -----------------------------
*        As specified in the related Invitation.

**       Principal amount bid for each Interest Period may not exceed principal
         amount requested.  Specify aggregate limitation if the sum of the
         individual offers exceeds the amount the Bank is willing to lend.  Bids
         must be made for $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000.

***      Not less than 7 days, as specified in the related Invitation.  No more
         than five bids are permitted for each Interest Period.


(Notes continued on following page.)
<PAGE>   133
(Notes continued on following page.)
<PAGE>   134
*********
         We understand and agree that the offer(s) set forth above, subject to
the satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement
dated as of December 20, 1995 (as amended from time to time, the "Credit
Agreement") among United States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible Subsidiaries
referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New
York, as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, as Documentation Agent, irrevocably obligates us to make the Money Market
Loan(s) for which any offer(s) are accepted, in whole or in part.

         Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit
Agreement.


                                Very truly yours,

                                [BANK]


Dated:                                By:
      ----------------------------       --------------------------------
                                         Authorized Officer




- -----------------------------
****     Margin over or under the London Interbank Offered Rate determined for
         the applicable Interest Period.  Specify percentage (to the nearest
         1/10,000 of 1%) and specify whether "PLUS" or "MINUS".

*****    Specify rate of interest per annum (to the nearest 1/10,000th of 1%).

<PAGE>   135
                                                   EXHIBIT F


                           OPINION OF
                    COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY


To the Banks, Issuing Banks, Yen Lenders and Agents
  Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
  as Documentation Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York

Gentlemen and Ladies:

         I have acted as counsel for United States Surgical Corporation (the
"Company") in connection with the Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement")
dated as of December 20, 1995 among the Company, the Eligible Subsidiaries
referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New
York, as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, as Documentation Agent.  Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used
herein as therein defined.  This opinion is being rendered to you at the request
of my client pursuant to Section 4.1(d) of the Credit Agreement.

         I have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified
to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public
officials and other instruments and have conducted such other investigations of
fact and law as I have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this
opinion.

         Upon the basis of the foregoing, I am of the opinion that:

         1.    The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has all
corporate powers and all material governmental licenses, authorizations,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted.

         2.    The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the
Credit Agreement and its Notes and Yen Notes are within the Company's corporate
powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, require no
action by or in respect of, or filing with (excepting

<PAGE>   136
such filings as may be required for reporting purposes under the federal
securities laws), any governmental body, agency or official and do not
contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or
regulation or of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company. The
execution, delivery and performance by each of the Company, USSC Financial
Services, Inc. and Auto Suture Japan Inc. of the Credit Agreement and its Notes
and Yen Notes do not contravene or constitute a default under any agreement,
judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien
on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

         3.    The Credit Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
the Company and each of its Notes and Yen Notes constitutes a valid and binding
obligation of the Company, in each case enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.

         4.    There is no action, suit or proceeding pending against, or to the
best of my knowledge threatened against or affecting, the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or
official which could reasonably be expected to result in an adverse decision
that would materially adversely affect the business, financial position,
operations or properties of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries,
considered as a whole, or which in any manner draws into question the validity
or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any of the Notes or Yen Notes.

         5.    Each of the Company's active corporate Subsidiaries is a
corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its
jurisdiction of incorporation, and has all corporate powers and all material
governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry
on its business as now conducted.


                                Very truly yours,


<PAGE>   137
                                                                       EXHIBIT G


                                   OPINION OF
                     DAVIS POLK & WARDWELL, SPECIAL COUNSEL
                           FOR THE DOCUMENTATION AGENT


To the Banks, Issuing Banks, Yen Lenders and Agents
  Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
  as Documentation Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York
Gentlemen and Ladies:

          We have participated in the preparation of the Credit Agreement (the
"Credit Agreement") dated as of December 20, 1995 among United States Surgical
Corporation (the "Company"), the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the
Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen
Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as
Documentation Agent, and have acted as special counsel for the Documentation
Agent for the purpose of rendering this opinion pursuant to Section 4.1(e) of
the Credit Agreement. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein as
therein defined.

          We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise
identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records,
certificates of public officials and other instruments and have conducted such
other investigations of fact and law as we have deemed necessary or advisable
for purposes of this opinion.

          Upon the basis of the foregoing, we are of the opinion that, assuming
that the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Credit
Agreement and its Notes and Yen Notes are within the Company's corporate powers
and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, the Credit
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company and its Notes
and Yen Notes constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, in each
case enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the same may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally
and by general principles of equity.
<PAGE>   138
          We are members of the Bar of the State of New York and the foregoing
opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York. In giving the foregoing
opinion, we express no opinion as to the effect (if any) of any law of any
jurisdiction (except the State of New York) in which any Bank or Yen Lender is
located which limits the rate of interest that such Bank or Yen Lender may
charge or collect.

          This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above
matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or
relied upon by any other person without our prior written consent.


                                        Very truly yours,
<PAGE>   139
                                                                       EXHIBIT H


                             ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE


                                                               ___________, 19__


NATIONSBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent
     under the Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995 among United
     States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein,
     the Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as
     Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York,
     as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
     as Documentation Agent (as amended from time to time, the "Credit
     Agreement")

Gentlemen and Ladies:

          Reference is made to the Credit Agreement described above. Terms not
defined herein which are defined in the Credit Agreement have for the purposes
hereof the meaning provided therein.

          The undersigned, [Eligible Subsidiary], a [            ] corporation,
hereby elects to be an Eligible Subsidiary for purposes of the Credit Agreement,
effective from the date hereof until an Election to Terminate shall have been
delivered on behalf of the undersigned in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
The undersigned confirms that the representations and warranties set forth in
Article 10 of the Credit Agreement are true and correct as to the undersigned as
of the date hereof, and the undersigned hereby agrees to perform all the
obligations of an Eligible Subsidiary under, and to be bound in all respects by
the terms of, the Credit Agreement, including without limitation Sections
12.3(b), 12.11 and 12.13 thereof, as if the undersigned were a signatory party
thereto.

          [Tax disclosure pursuant to Section 10.4.]

          The address to which all notices to the undersigned under the Credit
Agreement should be directed is:
<PAGE>   140
          This instrument shall be construed in accordance with and governed by
the laws of the State of New York.


                                        Very truly yours,

                                        [ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARY]


                                        By:
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:



          The undersigned hereby confirms that [Eligible Subsidiary] is an
Eligible Subsidiary for purposes of the Credit Agreement described above.

                                        UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                                        By:
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:

          Receipt of the above Election to Participate is hereby acknowledged on
and as of the date set forth above.

                                        NATIONSBANK, N.A., as 
                                          Administrative Agent

                                        By:
                                           ----------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:
<PAGE>   141
                                                                       EXHIBIT I



                              ELECTION TO TERMINATE


                                                               ___________, 19__


NATIONSBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent
    under the Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995 among United
    States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein,
    the Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as
    Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York,
    as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,
    as  Documentation Agent (as amended from time to time, the "Credit
    Agreement")

Gentlemen and Ladies:

          Reference is made to the Credit Agreement described above. Terms not
defined herein which are defined in the Credit Agreement have for the purposes
hereof the meaning provided therein.

          The undersigned, [Eligible Subsidiary], a [           ] corporation,
hereby elects to terminate its status as an Eligible Subsidiary for purposes of
the Credit Agreement, effective as of the date hereof. The undersigned hereby
represents and warrants that all principal and interest on all Notes and Yen
Notes of the undersigned and all other amounts payable by the undersigned
pursuant to the Credit Agreement have been paid in full on or prior to the date
hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Election to Terminate shall not
affect any obligation of the undersigned heretofore incurred under the Credit
Agreement or under any Note or Yen Note.

          This instrument shall be construed in accordance with and governed by
the laws of the State of New York.


                                        Very truly yours,

                                        [ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARY]

                                        By:_______________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:
<PAGE>   142
          The undersigned hereby confirms that the status of [Eligible
Subsidiary] as an Eligible Subsidiary for purposes of the Credit Agreement
described above is terminated as of the date hereof.


                                        UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:

          Receipt of the above Election to Terminate is hereby acknowledged on
and as of the date set forth above.


                                        NATIONSBANK, N.A., as 
                                          Administrative Agent


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:
<PAGE>   143
                                                                       EXHIBIT J


                  OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR AN ELIGIBLE SUBSIDIARY


[Dated as provided in
Section 4.3 of the
Credit Agreement]


To the Banks, Issuing Banks, Yen Lenders and
    Agents Referred to Below
c/o Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
  of New York, as Documentation Agent
60 Wall Street
New York, New York  10260

Gentlemen and Ladies:

          I am counsel to [Eligible Subsidiary], a [           ] corporation
(the "Eligible Subsidiary"), and give this opinion pursuant to Section 4.3(c) of
the Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995 (as amended from time to
time, the "Credit Agreement") among United States Surgical Corporation, the
Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the Banks and Issuing Banks party
thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, the Yen Lenders party
thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty
Trust Company of New York, as Documentation Agent. Terms defined in the Credit
Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

          I have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified
to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public
officials and other instruments and have conducted such other investigations of
fact and law as I have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this
opinion.

          Upon the basis of the foregoing, I am of the opinion that:

          1.  The Eligible Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of [           ], and is a
wholly owned Consolidated Subsidiary of the Company.

          2.  The execution and delivery by the Eligible Subsidiary of its
Election to Participate and its Notes and Yen Notes and the performance by the
Eligible Subsidiary of
<PAGE>   144
the Credit Agreement and its Notes and Yen Notes are within the Eligible
Subsidiary's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any
governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or constitute a
default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or of the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Eligible Subsidiary or of any
agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon
the Eligible Subsidiary or the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or result in
the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

          3.  The Credit Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
the Eligible Subsidiary and its Notes and Yen Notes constitute valid and binding
obligations of the Eligible Subsidiary, in each case enforceable in accordance
with its terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of
equity.

          4.  Except as disclosed in the Eligible Subsidiary's Election to
Participate, there is no income, stamp or other tax of [jurisdiction of
incorporation and, if different, principal place of business], or any taxing
authority thereof or therein, imposed by or in the nature of withholding or
otherwise, which is imposed on any payment to be made by the Eligible Subsidiary
pursuant to the Credit Agreement or its Notes or Yen Notes, or is imposed on or
by virtue of the execution, delivery or enforcement of its Election to
Participate, the Credit Agreement, its Notes or its Yen Notes.


                                       Very truly yours,
<PAGE>   145
                                                                       EXHIBIT K


                       ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT


          AGREEMENT dated as of _________, 19__ among [ASSIGNOR] (the
"Assignor"), [ASSIGNEE] (the "Assignee")[, the Issuing Banks listed on the
signature pages hereof (the "Issuing Banks") and NATIONSBANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (the "Administrative Agent")] [and THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as
Yen Administrative Agent (the "Yen Administrative Agent")].



                               W I T N E S S E T H


          WHEREAS, this Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the "Agreement")
relates to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 1995 among United
States Surgical Corporation, the Eligible Subsidiaries referred to therein, the
Banks and Issuing Banks party thereto, NationsBank, N.A., as Administrative
Agent, the Yen Lenders party thereto, The Bank of New York, as Yen
Administrative Agent, and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as
Documentation Agent (as amended from time to time, the "Credit Agreement");

          WHEREAS, as provided under the Credit Agreement, the Assignor has a
[Commitment to make Committed Loans to the Borrowers and participate in Letters
of Credit issued for the account of the Borrowers] [Yen Commitment to make Yen
Loans to the Borrowers] in an aggregate [principal amount] [Dollar Equivalent
Amount] at any time outstanding not to exceed $__________;

          WHEREAS, [Committed Loans made to the Borrowers by the Assignor under
the Credit Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of $__________ and
Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrowers in which the Assignor
has participations in the aggregate amount of $___________] [Yen Loans made to
the Borrowers by the Assignor under the Credit Agreement in the aggregate
principal amount of yen_________] are outstanding at the date hereof; and*


- ----------------
*This clause (and certain other provisions herein) should be modified to reflect
the assignment of Money Market Loans if such Loans are being assigned.
<PAGE>   146
          WHEREAS, the Assignor proposes to assign to the Assignee all of the
rights of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement in respect of a portion of its
[Commitment thereunder in an amount equal to $__________ (the "Assigned
Amount"), together with a corresponding portion of its outstanding Committed
Loans and participations in Letters of Credit] [Yen Commitment thereunder in an
amount equal to $_________ (the "Assigned Amount"), together with a
corresponding portion of its outstanding Yen Loans], and the Assignee proposes
to accept assignment of such rights and assume the corresponding obligations
from the Assignor on such terms;

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

          SECTION 1.  Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.

          SECTION 2.  Assignment. The Assignor hereby assigns and sells to the
Assignee all of the rights of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement to the
extent of the Assigned Amount, and the Assignee hereby accepts such assignment
from the Assignor and assumes all of the obligations of the Assignor under the
Credit Agreement to the extent of the Assigned Amount, including the purchase
from the Assignor of the corresponding portion of the outstanding principal
amount of each of the [Committed Loans made by the Assignor and the
participations in Letters of Credit and outstanding Reimbursement Obligations
(if any) held by] [Yen Loans made by] the Assignor at the date hereof. Upon the
execution and delivery hereof by the Assignor, the Assignee[, the Issuing Banks
and the Administrative Agent] [and the Yen Administrative Agent] and the payment
of the amounts specified in Section 3 required to be paid on the date hereof,
(i) the Assignee shall, as of the date hereof, succeed to the rights and be
obligated to perform the obligations of a [Bank] [Yen Lender] under the Credit
Agreement with a [Commitment] [Yen Commitment] in an amount equal to the
Assigned Amount, and (ii) the [Commitment] [Yen Commitment] of the Assignor
shall, as of the date hereof, be reduced by a like amount and the Assignor shall
be released from its obligations under the Credit Agreement to the extent such
obligations have been assumed by the Assignee. The assignment provided for
herein shall be without recourse to the Assignor.

          SECTION 3.  Payments. As consideration for the assignment and sale
contemplated in Section 2, the Assignee
<PAGE>   147
shall pay to the Assignor on the date hereof, in [Federal funds or other]
immediately available funds, the amount heretofore agreed between them.* It is
understood that facility fees [and/or Letter of Credit commissions] accrued to
the date hereof are for the account of the Assignor and such fees and
commissions accruing from and including the date hereof in respect of the
Assigned Amount are for the account of the Assignee. Each of the Assignor and
the Assignee hereby agrees that if it receives any amount under the Credit
Agreement which is for the account of the other party hereto, it shall receive
the same for the account of such other party to the extent of such other party's
interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to such other party.

          SECTION 4.  Consent of the [Administrative Agent and the Issuing
Banks] [Yen Administrative Agent]. This Agreement is conditioned upon the
consent of the [Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks] [Yen Administrative
Agent] pursuant to Section 12.6(c) of the Credit Agreement. The execution of
this Agreement by the [Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks] [Yen
Administrative Agent] is evidence of this consent.

          SECTION 5.  Non-Reliance on Assignor. The Assignor makes no
representation or warranty in connection with, and shall have no responsibility
with respect to, the solvency, financial condition, or statements of any
Borrower, or the validity and enforceability of the obligations of any Borrower
under the Credit Agreement or any Note or Yen Note. The Assignee acknowledges
that it has, independently and without reliance on the Assignor, and based on
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and will continue to be
responsible for making its own independent appraisal of the business, affairs
and financial condition of the Borrowers.

          SECTION 6.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

          SECTION 7.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be



- ---------------
*    Amount should combine principal together with accrued interest and breakage
     compensation, if any, to be paid by the Assignee, net of any portion of any
     upfront fee to be paid by the Assignor to the Assignee.
<PAGE>   148
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were
upon the same instrument.
<PAGE>   149
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first
above written.


                                        [ASSIGNOR]


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                        [ASSIGNEE]


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                        [ISSUING BANK]


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                        [ISSUING BANK]


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



                                        [NATIONSBANK, N.A., as 
                                          Administrative Agent


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:]
<PAGE>   150
                                        [THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as
                                          Yen Administrative Agent


                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                          Name:
                                          Title:]
<PAGE>   151
                                                                       EXHIBIT L



                          CALCULATION OF FUNDING LOSSES


          The following formula shall be used to calculate compensation for a
funding loss (a "Funding Loss") due to a Bank under Section 2.16 or to a Yen
Lender under Section 3.13 in the event of a prepayment or conversion or a
failure to borrow or to prepay a Fixed Rate Loan of such Bank or a Yen Loan of
such Yen Lender:

                 (CR - RR) x PA x DR
          FL  =  -------------------  +  AF
                         360

          FL  =  Funding Loss
          CR  =  Contract Rate
          RR  =  Reinvestment Rate
          PA  =  Principal Amount
          DR  =  Days Remaining
          AF  =  Administrative Fee


          "Administrative Fee" means the administrative fee usually charged by
such Bank or Yen Lender, not to exceed $250.

          "Contract Rate" means (i) with respect to any such Fixed Rate Loan,
the London Interbank Offered Rate or CD Base Rate applicable thereto or (ii)
with respect to any such Yen Loan, the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate applicable
thereto, in each case expressed as a decimal.

          "Days Remaining" means, with respect to any such Fixed Rate Loan or
Yen Loan, (i) if prepaid or converted, the number of days in the period from and
including the date of such prepayment or conversion to but excluding the last
day of the applicable Interest Period and (ii) if not borrowed or not prepaid,
the number of days in the applicable Interest Period.

          "Principal Amount" means, with respect to any such Fixed Rate Loan or
Yen Loan, the principal amount thereof being prepaid or converted or not
borrowed or not prepaid, as applicable.

          "Reinvestment Rate" means, with respect to any such Fixed Rate Loan or
Yen Loan, a rate per annum (expressed as a decimal) reasonably determined by
such Bank
<PAGE>   152
or Yen Lender, as the case may be, to be the rate at which an amount
approximately equal to the Principal Amount thereof could be reinvested in the
relevant interbank market on the date prepaid or converted or not borrowed or
not prepaid, as applicable, for a period of time comparable to the applicable
Days Remaining.
<PAGE>   153
                                                                       EXHIBIT M



                               ACTIVE SUBSIDIARIES


ARR, Inc. (Delaware)
ASE Continuing Education Center S.A. (France)
ASE Partners S.A. (France)
Auto Suture Austria GmbH (Austria)
Auto Suture Belgium B.V. (Holland)
Auto Suture Company, Australia (Conn.)
Auto Suture Company, Canada (Conn.)
Auto Suture Company, Netherlands (Conn.)
Auto Suture Company, U.K. (Conn.)
Auto Suture Deutschland GmbH (Germany)
Auto Suture Eastern Europe, Inc. (Delaware)
Auto Suture Espana, S.A. (Spain)
Auto Suture Europe Holdings, Inc. (Conn.)
Auto Suture Europe S.A. (France)
Auto Suture European Services Center, S.A. (France)
Auto Suture France S.A. (France)
Auto Suture FSC Ltd. (U.S. Virgin Islands)
Auto Suture International, Inc. (Conn.)
Auto Suture Italia, S.p.A. (Italy)
Auto Suture Japan, Inc. (Japan)
Auto Suture Norden Co. (Conn.)
Auto Suture Poland, Limited Liability Company (Poland)
Auto Suture Puerto Rico, Inc. (Conn.)
Auto Suture Russia, Inc. (Delaware)
Auto Suture (Schweiz) AG (Switzerland)
Auto Suture Surgical Instruments (Russia)
EndoTherapeutics (Calif.)
United States Surgical Corporation (Ireland) Limited (Ireland)
USSC AG (Switzerland)
USSC Cal Med, Inc. (California)
USSC (Deutschland) GmbH (Germany)
USSC Financial Services, Inc. (Conn.)
USSC Japan Kabushiki Kaisha (Japan)
USSC Medical GmbH (Germany)
U.S.S.C. Puerto Rico, Inc. (NY)
<PAGE>   154
                                                                       EXHIBIT N



                              DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS


1.     Company's 1994 Form 10-K

2.     Company's Latest Form 10-Q (for quarter ended September 30, 1995)

3.     Information Memorandum dated November 1995 distributed to the Lenders and
       entitled "United States Surgical Corporation $325 Million Syndicated
       Credit Facility"
<PAGE>   155
                                                                       EXHIBIT O



                          EXISTING LIENS SECURING DEBT


1.     A lien on improved real property in Elancourt, France, securing payment
       of an aggregate principal amount, at September 30, 1995, of FF
       484,452,000, owing under the U.I.S. Financing Documents.

2.     North Haven Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000,000 are
       secured by a Lien on the facility (including improvements thereto) leased
       by the Company under the North Haven Lease.

3.     A lien on the Company's Japanese patents securing a note of Auto Suture
       Japan Inc. in favor of Century Medical Inc. in the principal amount of
       yen 500,000,000 (approximately $5,000,000) issued as part of the
       consideration for the acquisition by the Company of the assets of its
       Japanese distributor.

4.     Other Liens which may exist on miscellaneous property of the Company and
       its Subsidiaries securing obligations which, in the aggregate, do not
       exceed $5,000,000 and as to which the Responsible Officers do not, at
       December 20, 1995, have specific knowledge.
<PAGE>   156
                                   TARGET LIST

<TABLE>
<S>                   <C>                           <C>                <C>
ARTICLE 1             definitions                   ARTICLE 5          representations
section 1.2           acctg terms                   section 5.9        subsidiaries
                     
ARTICLE 2             credits                       ARTICLE 6          covenants
section 2.1           loans                         section 6.3(b)     maintenance
section 2.2           borrowing                     section 6.4        conduct of bus
section 2.3           money market borrowings       section 6.7        consolidated
section 2.3(d)        sub and con                   section 6.10       negative sales
section 2.3(f)        accept and notice             section 6.12       dividend pymt
section 2.4(a)        receipt                       section 6.14       perm.acf
section 2.5           notes                         section 6.14       asset sales
section 2.7           interest                      section 6.14(c)    company may sell or dispose
section 2.7(b)        adjusted cd rate              section 6.16       transactions
section 2.7(c)        adjusted london               section 6.18       other existing debt
section 2.7(d)        overdue                       section 6.19       use of proceeds
section 2.7(f)        pricing ratio
section 2.8(a)        int rate                      ARTICLE 7          defaults
section 2.8(c)        receipt of nir                section 7.1        event of default
section 2.10          optional term                 section 7.1(c)     fail to observe
section 2.11          optional prepay
section 2.11(c)       notice prepay                 ARTICLE 8          article-the agents
section 2.12          mandatory reduction
section 2.14          ltrs of credit                ARTICLE 9          change in circum
section 2.14(a)(iii)  ltr of credit                 section 9.1        determination
section 2.14(b)       lc ext                        section 9.1(a)     admin Agent
section 2.14(j)       issuing banks                 section 9.2        illegality
section 2.16          funding losses                section 9.3        increased cost
section 2.18(a)       eligible subs                 section 9.4        taxes
section 2.18(b)       sub shall cease               section 9.4(b)     any pymts
                                                    section 9.4(c)     agrees to indemnify
ARTICLE 3             yen credits                   section 9.4(d)     forms
section 3.1           commit lend                   section 9.5        base rate
section 3.2           yen borrowing
section 3.3           notice yen                    ARTICLE 10         article-reps and warrs
section 3.3(a)        upon receipt of notice        section 10.4       election to participate
section 3.4           note
section 3.5           maturity yen                  ARTICLE 11         article-guaranty
section 3.6           method of electing            section 11.1       guaranty
section 3.7           interest rate yen
section 3.7(b)        overdue principal             ARTICLE 12
section 3.8           facility fee                  section 12.1       notices
section 3.9           opt yen commit                section 12.3(b)    indemnify
section 3.10          opt prepay                    section 12.4       share setoffs
section ?             any broker may                section 12.5       amendments
section 3.12          general prov                  section 12.5(a)    no amendment shall
section 3.13          funding loss                  section 12.6(b)    participant
section 3.14          comp interest                 section 12.6(c)    assignee
                                                    section 12.11      governing law
ARTICLE 4             conditions                    section 12.12      effect date
section 4.1           closing                       section 12.13      waiver of jury trial
section 4.1(b)        receipt note
section 4.1(c)        auto.suture.note              EXHIBITS/ANNEXES/SCHEDULES
section 4.1(d)        opinion                       exhibit c, page 1  money market quote request
section 4.1(e)        opinion dpw                   exhibit d, page 1  inv money market quotes
section 4.2           satisfactions                 exhibit e, page 1  money market quote
section 4.3           eligible sub 1st borrowing    exhibit h, page 1  form of election to
section 4.3(a)        elig.sub.ex.note              participate
section 4.3(b)        doc agt receipt               exhibit i, page 1  form of election to terminate
section 4.3(c)        doc agt counsel               exhibit j, page 1  opinion of counsel for borrower
                                                    section 2          assign
                                                    section 3          payments
</TABLE>
     ****           
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.B
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>1990 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit 10.b
                                                                   ------------

                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION
                        1990 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

   (Restated to reflect amendments and adjustments through February 7, 1995)

1. Purpose of the Plan.

The purpose of the 1990 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") is to secure
for United States Surgical Corporation (the "Company") and its stockholders the
benefits of the incentive inherent in Common Stock ownership by permitting
selected employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to obtain suitable
recognition for services which have contributed or will contribute materially
to the success of the Company. It is intended that the Plan will aid in
retaining, encouraging and attracting employees of exceptional ability because
of the opportunity offered to them to acquire a proprietary interest, or
increase their proprietary interest, in the business of the Company.

2. Definitions.

     (a) "Appreciation Rights" means a right granted under the Plan to receive
an amount representing appreciation in the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock between the date of grant and the date of exercise of such right,
payable in cash or Common Stock.

     (b) "Boards" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     (c) "Committee" means the Employee Benefit Plan Subcommittee of the
Compensation/Option Committee of the Board or any successor committee appointed
by the Board to administer the Plan.

     (d) "Common Stock" means the authorized common stock of the Company.

     (e) "Company" means United States Surgical Corporation.

     (f) "Eligible Employees" means any person who is, at the time of the grant
of an Incentive Award, (i) an officer or other key employee of the Company or
any Subsidiary, including a person who is also a member of the Board, or (ii) a
consultant performing services for the Company or any Subsidiary which are
equivalent or similar to services performed by key employees of the Company and
its Subsidiaries.

     (g) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
from time to time, or any successor statute.

     (h) "Fair Market Value" means, at any date, the value of a share of Common
Stock on such date as determined by the Committee by any fair and reasonable
means, provided, however, that in the absence of a specific Committee
determination to the contrary in a particular circumstance, "Fair Market Value"
means the average of the high and low quoted sales prices of a share of Common
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date or, if no such sales
<PAGE>   2
were made on such date, the closing price of such shares on the New York Stock
Exchange on the next preceding date on which there were such sales.

     (i) "Incentive Award" means an Option or Appreciation Right.

     (j) "Incentive Stock Option" means an option to purchase Common Stock
which has been granted under the Plan and which is intended to qualify under
Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder.

     (k) "Nonqualified Stock Option" means an option to purchase Common Stock
which has been granted under the Plan and which is not an Incentive Stock
Option.

     (l) "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock
Option.

     (m) "Participant" means any Eligible Employee selected to receive an
Incentive Award pursuant to Section 5.

     (n) "Plan" means the 1990 Employee Stock Option Plan as set forth herein
and as amended from time to time.

     (o) "Subsidiary" means any subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section
425 of the Internal Revenue Code, of the Company.

3. Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan.

     (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 3(c) and Section 8 of the Plan,
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued or
transferred pursuant to Incentive Awards under the Plan shall not exceed
5,500,000. Payment of cash in lieu of shares shall be deemed to be an issuance
of the shares, and payment pursuant to an Appreciation Right shall be deemed to
be an issuance of the shares covered thereby.

     (b) The shares of Common Stock to be delivered under the Plan will be made
available, at the discretion of the Company, either from authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock or from previously issued shares of Common
Stock reacquired by the Company, including shares purchased on the open market.

     (c) If shares covered by any Incentive Award cease to be issuable or
transferable for any reason, such number of shares will no longer be charged
against the limitations provided for in Section 3(a) and may again be made
subject to Incentive Awards. However, shares subject to an Option which has been
surrendered in connection with the exercise of a related Appreciation Right will
not become available for the grant of any additional Incentive Awards, and
shares subject to that portion of an Incentive Award which has been cancelled
pursuant to Section 9(h) will not become available for the grant of any
additional Incentive Awards.

4. Administration of the Plan
<PAGE>   3
     (a) The Plan will be administered by the Committee, which will consist of
three or more persons (i) who are not eligible to receive Incentive Awards
under the Plan and (ii) who qualify as "disinterested persons" under Rule
16b-3, or any successor or rule, under the Exchange Act.

     (b) The Committee has and may exercise such powers and authority of the
Board as may be necessary or appropriate for the Committee to carry out its
functions as described in the Plan. The Committee has authority in its
discretion to determine the Eligible Employees to whom, and the time or times
at which, Incentive Awards may be granted and the number of shares subject to
each Incentive Award. The Committee also has authority to (i) interpret the
Plan, (ii) determine the terms and provisions of the Incentive Award
instruments and (iii) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for
Plan administration. The Committee has authority to prescribe, amend, and
rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan. All interpretations,
determinations, and actions by the Committee will be final, conclusive, and
binding upon all parties.

     (c) No member of the Board or the Committee will be liable for any action
taken or determination made in good faith by the Board or the Committee with
respect to the Plan or any Incentive Award made under the Plan.

5. Grants.

     (a) The Committee has authority, in its discretion, after receiving the
recommendations of the management of the Company, to determine and designate
from time to time those Eligible Employees who are to be granted Incentive
Awards. The Committee shall determine the type of each Incentive Award to be
granted and the number of shares covered thereby or issuable upon exercise
thereof. Each Incentive Award will be evidenced by a written instrument briefly
describing the material terms and conditions of the Incentive Award, including
such terms and conditions, consistent with the Plan, as the Committee may deem
advisable.

     (b) No person will be eligible for the grant of an incentive Stock Option
who owns or would own immediately before the grant of such Option, directly or
indirectly, stock possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock of the Company or  of any parent corporation or
Subsidiary. This limitation will not apply if, at the time such Incentive Stock
Option is granted, the Incentive Stock Option exercise price is at least 110%
of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock. In this event, the Incentive
Stock Option by its terms will not be exercisable after the expiration of five
years from the date of grant.

6. Terms and Conditions of Options

     (a) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the price at which
Common Stock may be purchased by a Participant under an Option shall be the
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant; provided, however,
that in no event shall the purchase price under an Incentive Stock Option be
less than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant.
<PAGE>   4
     (b) The Committee shall determine the option exercise period of each
Option. The period shall not exceed 15 years from the date of grant.

     (c) Upon the exercise of an Option, the purchase price will be payable in
full in cash; or, in the discretion of the Committee, by the assignment and
delivery to the Company of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant; or,
in the discretion of the Committee, by installment payments or by a promissory
note, in each case secured by shares of Common Stock and bearing interest at a
rate determined by the Committee, but not less than the minimum rate permitted
by the Internal Revenue Service; or by a combination of any of the above.  Any
shares assigned and delivered to the Company upon exercise of an Option in
payment or  valued at the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the exercise
date. The Committee may permit installment payments or promissory note payments
to be made by the assignment and delivery to the Company of shares of Common
Stock owned by the Participant, in which case such shares will be valued at the
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of payment.

     (d) With respect to Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan, the
aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the Incentive Stock
Option is granted) of the number of shares with respect to which Incentive
Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by a Participant in any
calendar year (under all stock option plans of the Company and Subsidiaries)
shall not exceed $100,000 or such other limit as may be required by the
Internal Revenue Code.

     (e) No fractional shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of an
Option nor will any cash payment be made in lieu of fractional shares.

7. Terms and Conditions of Appreciation Rights

     (a) An Appreciation Right may be granted in connection with an Option,
either at the time of grant or at any time thereafter during the term of the
Option.

     (b) An Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant, upon exercise, to
surrender such Option or any portion thereof to the extent unexercised, with
respect to the number of shares as to which such Appreciation Right is
exercised, and to receive payment of an amount computed pursuant to Section
7(d). Such Option will, to the extent surrendered, cease to be exercisable.

     (c) Subject to Section 7(i), an Appreciation Right granted in connection
with an Option hereunder will be exercisable at such time or times, and only to
the extent, that the related Option is exercisable, and will not be transferable
except to the extent that the related Option may be transferable.

     (d) Upon the exercise of an Appreciation Right related to an Option, the
Participant will be entitled to receive payment of an amount determined by
multiplying:

          (i) The difference obtained by subtracting the purchase price of a
share of Common Stock specified in the related Option from the Fair Market Value
of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of such Appreciation Right,
by
<PAGE>   5
          (ii) The number of shares as to which such Appreciation Right has been
exercised.

     (e) The Committee may also grant to Eligible Employees Appreciation Rights
that are not related to Options. An Appreciation Right granted without
relationship to an Option will be exercisable as determined by the Committee
but in no event after 15 years from the date of grant.

     (f) An Appreciation Right granted without relationship to an Option will
entitle the Participant, upon exercise of the Appreciation Right, to receive
payment of an amount determined by multiplying:

          (i) The difference obtained by subtracting the Fair Market Value of a
share of Common Stock on the date the Appreciation Right is granted (the "Base
Price") from the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of
exercise of such Appreciation Right, by

          (ii) The number of shares as to which such Appreciation Right has been
exercised.

     (g) At the time of grant of an Appreciation Right, the Committee may
determine a maximum amount that could be payable with respect to such
Appreciation Right.

     (h) Payment of the amount determined under Section 7(d) or (f) may be made
in whole shares of Common Stock valued at their Fair Market value on the date
of exercise of the Appreciation Right, in cash, or in combination of the two,
as the Committee determines in its sole discretion. If the Committee decides
that payment may be made in shares of Common Stock and the amount payable
results in a fractional share, payment for the fractional share will be made in
cash.

     (i) No Appreciation Right granted to an officer of the Company may be
exercised before six months after the date of grant except in the event that
death or disability of the officer occurs before the expiration of the
six-month period.

8. Adjustment Provisions

     (a) Subject to Section 8(b), if the outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Company are increased, decreased, or exchanged for a different number or
kind of shares or other securities, or if additional shares or new or different
shares or other securities are distributed with respect to such shares of Common
Stock, through merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all the
property of the Company, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification,
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock Split or other distribution with
respect to such shares of Common Stock, an appropriate and proportionate
adjustment may be made in (i) the maximum number and kind of shares provided in
Section 3, (ii) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to the
then-outstanding Incentive Awards, and (iii) the purchase price or Base Price
for each share or other unit of any other securities subject to then-outstanding
Incentive Awards without change in the aggregate purchase price and Base Price
as to which such Incentive Awards remain exercisable.
<PAGE>   6
     (b) Subject to Section 8(c), upon dissolution or liquidation of the
Company or upon a reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with
one or more corporations as a result of which the Company is not the surviving
corporation, or upon the sale of all or substantially all the property of the
Company, all Incentive Awards then outstanding under the Plan and held by
Participants who have been employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company
for at least one year at such time will be fully vested and exercisable, and
the Committee may provide in connection with such transaction for the
continuance of the Plan and the assumption of such Incentive Awards or the
substitution for such Incentive Awards of new incentive awards covering the
stock of a successor employer corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof,
with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices.

     (c) In the event a Change of Control of the Company occurs, all Incentive
Awards then outstanding under the Plan and held by Participants who have been
employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company for at least one year at
such time under the Plan will be fully vested and exercisable, effective upon
the occurrence of such Change of Control.  In the event that any Person makes a
filing under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company, the
exercise dates of any outstanding Incentive Awards held by Participants who
have been employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company for at least one
year at such time shall be without further action by the Committee accelerated
to make them fully vested and exercisable. In addition, in the event a Change
of Control of the Company occurs, or in the event that any Person makes a
filing under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company, the
Committee may, in its sole discretion, without obtaining stockholder approval,
and subject to the limitations imposed by Section 16 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, take any one or more of the following actions or any
other action permitted under this Plan, subject in all cases to the limitations
of Section 3(a):

          (i) Grant Appreciation Rights to holders of outstanding Options as
permitted under Section 7(a);

          (ii) Pay cash to Participants in exchange for the cancellation of
their outstanding Incentive Awards in accordance with Section 9(h); and

          (iii) Make any other appropriate adjustments or amendments to the Plan
and outstanding Incentive Awards or substitute new Incentive Awards for
outstanding Incentive Awards.

     For purposes of this Section 8(c), the following definitions shall apply:

          (A) A "Change in Control" of the Company shall have occurred when a
Person, alone or together with its Affiliates and Associates, becomes the
beneficial owner of 20% or more of the general voting power of the Company.

          (B) "Affiliate and Associates" shall have the respective meanings
ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2, or any successor rule, of the General
Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.
<PAGE>   7
          (C) "Person" shall mean an individual, firm, corporation or other
entity or any successor to such entity, but "Person" shall not include the
Company; any Subsidiary; any employee benefit plan or employee stock plan of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or any Person organized, appointed, established or
holding Voting Stock by, for or pursuant to the terms of such a plan.

          (D) "Voting Stock" shall mean shares of the Company's capital stock
having general voting power, with "voting power" meaning the power under
ordinary circumstances (and not merely upon the happening of a contingency) to
vote in the election of directors.

     (d) Adjustments under Sections 8(a), (b) and (c) will be made by the
Committee, whose determination as to what adjustments will be made and the
extent thereof will be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional shares
will be issued under the Plan  on account of any such adjustments.

9. General Provisions

     (a) Nothing in the Plan or in any instrument executed pursuant to the Plan
will confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affect the right of the Company or any
Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any Participant at any time with or
without cause.

     (b) No shares of Common Stock will be issued or transferred pursuant to an
Incentive Award unless and until all then-applicable requirements imposed by
Federal and state securities and other laws, rules and regulations and by any
regulatory agencies having jurisdiction, and by any stock exchanges upon which
the Common Stock may be listed, have been fully met. As a condition precedent
to the issuance of shares pursuant to the grant or exercise of an Incentive
Award, the Company may require the Participant to take any reasonable action to
meet such requirements.

     (c) No Participant and no beneficiary or other person claiming under or
through such Participant will have any right, title or interest in or to any
shares of Common Stock allocated or reserved under the Plan or subject to any
Incentive Award except as to such shares of Common Stock, if any, that have
been issued or transferred to such Participant.

     (d) The Committee shall adopt rules regarding the withholding of federal,
state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to
payments and delivery of shares to Participants under the Plan. With respect to
any Incentive Award, the Committee may, in its discretion, permit the
Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, any tax withholding obligation
which may arise in connection with the exercise of the Incentive Award by
electing to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock having a Fair
Market Value equal to the amount of the tax withholding.

     (e) No Incentive Award and no right under the Plan, contingent or
otherwise, will be transferable or assignable or subject to any encumbrance,
pledge or charge of any nature except 
<PAGE>   8
that, under such rules and regulations as the Committee may establish pursuant
to the terms of the Plan, a beneficiary may be designated with respect to an
Incentive Award in the event of death of a participant. If such beneficiary is
the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, any rights with
respect to such Incentive Award may be transferred to the person or persons or
entity (including a trust) entitled thereto under the will of the holder of such
Incentive Award.

     (f) The Company may make a loan to a Participant in connection with the
exercise of an Option in an amount not to exceed the aggregate exercise price
of the Option being exercised for the purpose of assisting such Participant to
exercise such Option. The Company may additionally permit payment of all or any
portion of the exercise price of an Option in installment payments. Any such
loan or installment payment arrangement shall be secured by shares of Common
Stock and shall comply in all respects with all applicable laws and
regulations. The Committee may adopt policies regarding eligibility for such
arrangements, the maximum amounts thereof and any terms and conditions not
specified in the Plan upon which such arrangements will be made.  In no event
will the interest rate be less than the . minimum rate established by the
Internal Revenue Service for the purpose or the purchase and sale of property
pursuant to Section 483 of the Internal Revenue Code.

     (g) The Committee may cancel, with the consent of the Participant, all or
a portion of any Option or Appreciation Right granted under the Plan to be
conditioned upon the granting to the Participant of a new Option or
Appreciation Right for the same or a different number of shares as the Option
or Appreciation Right surrendered, or may require such voluntary surrender as a
condition to a grant of a new Option or Appreciation Right to such Participant.
Subject to the provisions of Section 6(d), such new Option or Appreciation
Right shall be exercisable at the rice, during the period and in accordance
with any other terns or conditions specified by the Committee at the time the
new Option or Appreciation Right is granted, all determined in accordance with
the provisions of the Plan without regard to the price, period of exercise, or
any other terms or conditions of the Option or Appreciation Right surrendered.

     (h) If authorized by the Committee, the Company may, with the consent of
the Participant and at any time or from time to time, cancel all or a portion
of any Incentive Award granted under the Plan then subject to exercise and
discharge its obligation with respect to the cancelled portion of such
Incentive Award either by payment to the Participant of an amount of cash equal
to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value, at such time, of the shares
subject to the portion of the Incentive Award so cancelled over the aggregate
purchase price or Base Price specified in the Incentive Award covering such
shares, or by issuance or transfer to the Participant of shares of Common Stock
with a Fair Market Value, at such time, equal to any such excess, or by a
combination of cash and shares. Upon any such payment of cash or issuance of
shares, there shall be charged against the aggregate limitations set forth in
Section 3(a) a number of shares equal to the number of shares subject to the
portion of the Incentive Award so cancelled.

     (i) The Committee may, in its sole discretion, cancel any Incentive Award
if the employment of the Participant holding such Incentive Award is terminated
and such Participant has engaged in activities which are, by in the judgment of
the Committee, competitive with, prejudicial to or in conflict with the
interests of the Company or a Subsidiary or has breached the 
<PAGE>   9
terms of any agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary with respect to
confidentiality and non-use of information or with respect to disclosure and
assignment of inventions and ideas. Such actions by a Participant prior to, or
during six months after, exercise of an Incentive Award shall constitute a
rescission of the exercise, requiring the payment to the Company of, in the case
of an Option, the difference between the purchase price of the Common Stock as
to which the Option was exercised and the Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise of such Common Stock or, in the case of an Appreciation Right, the
amount paid to the Participant upon exercise of the Appreciation Right, in each
case within ten days after notice of such rescission has been given to the
terminated employee by the Company.

10. Amendment and Termination

     (a) The Board shall have the power, in its discretion, to amend, suspend
or terminate the Plan at any time, subject to approval of the stockholders of
the Company to the extent necessary for the continued applicability of Rule
16b-3, or any successor rule under the Exchange Act.

     (b) The Committee may, with the consent of a Participant, make such
modifications in the terms and conditions of an Incentive Award as it deems
advisable.

     (c) No amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan will, without the
consent of the Participant, impair or adversely affect any right or obligation
under any Incentive Award previously granted under the Plan.

11. Effective Date of Plan and Duration of Plan

The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board and by the
Company's stockholders. Unless previously terminated, the Plan will terminate
when no more shares of Common Stock are available for issuance or transfer
pursuant to Incentive Awards under the limitations of Section 3(a).

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.C
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>1993 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit 10.c
                                                                   ------------

                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                        1993 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN

    (Restated to reflect amendments and adjustments through February 7,1995)


1.   Purpose of the Plan.

     The purpose of the 1993 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") is to
     secure for United States Surgical Corporation (the "Company") and its
     stockholders the benefits of the incentive inherent in Common Stock
     ownership by permitting selected key employees of the Company and its
     subsidiaries to obtain suitable recognition for services which have
     contributed or will contribute materially to the success of the Company.
     It is intended that the Plan will aid in retaining, encouraging and
     attracting employees of exceptional ability because of the opportunity
     offered to them to acquire a proprietary interest, or increase their
     proprietary interest, in the business of the Company.

2.   Definitions.

     (a) "Appreciation Right" means a right granted under the Plan to receive
     an amount representing appreciation in the Fair Market Value of a share of
     Common Stock between the date of grant and the date of exercise of such
     right, payable in cash or Common Stock.

     (b) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     (c) "Committee" means the Compensation/Option Committee of the Board or
     any successor committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan.

     (d) "Common Stock" means the authorized common stock of the Company.

     (e) "Company" means United States Surgical Corporation.

     (f) "Eligible Employee" means any person who is, at the time of the grant
     of an Incentive Award, (i) a key employee of the Company or any
     Subsidiary, but not including any such person who is an officer or a
     member of the Board, or (ii) a consultant performing services for the
     Company or any Subsidiary which are equivalent or similar to services
     performed by key employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
<PAGE>   2
     (g) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
     from time to time, or any successor statute.

     (h) "Fair Market Value" means, at any date, the value of a share of Common
     Stock on such date as determined by the Committee by any fair and
     reasonable means, provided, however, that in the absence of a specific
     Committee determination to the contrary in a particular circumstance,
     "Fair Market Value" means the average of the high and low quoted sales
     prices of a share of Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such
     date or, if no such sales were made on such date, the closing price of
     such shares on the New York Stock Exchange on the next preceding date on
     which there were such sales.

     (i) "Incentive Award" means an Option or Appreciation Right.

     (j) "Option" means an option to purchase Common Stock which has been
     granted under the Plan. Options shall not be treated as incentive stock
     options as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code.

     (k) "Participant" means any Eligible Employee selected to receive an
     Incentive Award pursuant to Section 5.

     (l) "Plan" means the 1993 Employee Stock Option Plan as set forth herein
     and as amended from time to time.

     (m) "Subsidiary" means any subsidiary corporation, as defined in Section
     425 of the Internal Revenue Code, of the Company.

3.   Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan.

     (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 3(c) and Section 8 of the Plan,
     the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued or
     transferred pursuant to Incentive Awards under the Plan shall not exceed
     2,000,000. Payment of cash in lieu of shares shall be deemed to be an
     issuance of the shares, and payment pursuant to an Appreciation Right
     shall be deemed to be an issuance of the shares covered thereby.

     (b) The shares of Common Stock to be delivered under the Plan will be made
     available, at the discretion of the Company, either from authorized but
     unissued shares of Common Stock or from previously issued shares of Common
     Stock reacquired by the Company, including shares purchased on the open
     market.


     (c) If shares covered by any Incentive Award cease to be issuable or
     transferable for any reason, such number of shares will no longer be
     charged against the limitations 

                                       2
<PAGE>   3
     provided for in Section 3(a) and may again be made subject to Incentive
     Awards. However, shares subject to an Option which has been surrendered in
     connection with the exercise of a related Appreciation Right will not
     become available for the grant of any additional Incentive Awards, and
     shares subject to that portion of an Incentive Award which has been
     cancelled pursuant to Section 9(h) will not become available for the grant
     of any additional Incentive Awards.

4.   Administration of the Plan.

     (a) The Plan will be administered by the Committee.

     (b) The Committee has and may exercise such powers and authority of the
     Board as may be necessary or appropriate for the Committee to carry out
     its functions as described in the Plan. The Committee has authority in its
     discretion to determine the Eligible Employees to whom, and the time or
     times at which, Incentive Awards may be granted and the number of shares
     subject to each Incentive Award. The Committee also has authority to (i)
     interpret the Plan, (ii) determine the terms and provisions of the
     Incentive Award instruments and (iii) make all other determinations
     necessary or advisable for Plan administration. The Committee has
     authority to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating
     to the Plan. All interpretations, determinations, and actions by the
     Committee will be final, conclusive, and binding upon all parties.

     (c) No member of the Board or the Committee will be liable for any action
     taken or determination made in good faith by the Board or the Committee
     with respect to the Plan or any Incentive Award made under the Plan.

5.   Grants.

     The Committee has authority, in its discretion, after receiving the
     recommendations of the management of the Company, to determine and
     designate from time to time those Eligible Employees who are to be granted
     Incentive Awards. The Committee shall determine the type of each Incentive
     Award to be granted and the number of shares covered thereby or issuable
     upon exercise thereof. Each Incentive Award will be evidenced by a written
     instrument briefly describing the material terms and conditions of the
     Incentive Award, including such terms and conditions, consistent with the
     Plan, as the Committee may deem advisable.


6.   Terms and Conditions of Options.

                                       3
<PAGE>   4
     (a) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the price at which
     Common Stock may be purchased by a Participant under an Option shall be
     the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant.

     (b) The Committee shall determine the option exercise period of each
     Option. The period shall not exceed 15 years from the date of grant.

     (c) Upon the exercise of an Option, the purchase price will be payable in
     full in cash; or, in the discretion of the Committee, by the assignment
     and delivery to the Company of shares of Common Stock owned by the
     Participant; or, in the discretion of the Committee, by installment
     payments or by a promissory note, in each case secured by shares of Common
     Stock and bearing interest at a rate determined by the Committee, but not
     less than the applicable federal rate established by the Internal Revenue
     Service; or by a combination of any of the above. Any shares assigned and
     delivered to the Company upon exercise of an Option in payment or partial
     payment of the purchase price will be valued at the Fair Market Value of
     the Common Stock on the exercise date. The Committee may permit
     installment payments or promissory note payments to be made by the
     assignment and delivery to the Company of shares of Common Stock owned by
     the Participant, in which case such shares will be valued at the Fair
     Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of payment.

     (d) No fractional shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of an
     Option nor will any cash payment be made in lieu of fractional shares.

7.   Terms and Conditions of Appreciation Rights.

     (a) An Appreciation Right may be granted in connection with an Option,
     either at the time of grant or at any time thereafter during the term of
     the Option.

     (b) An Appreciation Right will entitle the Participant, upon exercise, to
     surrender such Option or any portion thereof to the extent unexercised,
     with respect to the number of shares as to which such Appreciation Right
     is exercised, and to receive payment of an amount computed pursuant to
     Section 7(d). Such Option will, to the extent surrendered, cease to be
     exercisable.

     (c) An Appreciation Right granted in connection with an Option hereunder
     will be exercisable at such time or times, and only to the extent, that
     the related Option is exercisable, and will not be transferable except to
     the extent that the related Option may be transferable.


     (d) Upon the exercise of an Appreciation Right related to an Option, the
     Participant will be entitled to receive payment of an amount determined by
     multiplying:

                                       4
<PAGE>   5
           (i) The difference obtained by subtracting the purchase price of a
           share of Common Stock specified in the related Option from the Fair
           Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of
           such Appreciation Right, by

           (ii) The number of shares as to which such Appreciation Right has
           been exercised.

     (e) At the time of grant of an Appreciation Right, the Committee may
     determine a maximum amount that could be payable with respect to such
     Appreciation Right.

     (f) Payment of the amount determined under Section 7(d) may be made in
     whole shares of Common Stock valued at their Fair Market Value on the date
     of exercise of the Appreciation Right, in cash, or in a combination of the
     two, as the Committee determines in its sole discretion. If the Committee
     decides that payment may be made in shares of Common Stock and the amount
     payable results in a fractional share, payment for the fractional share
     will be made in cash.

8.   Adjustment Provisions.

     (a) Subject to Section 8(b), if the outstanding shares of Common Stock of
     the Company are increased, decreased, or exchanged for a different number
     or kind of shares or other securities, or if additional shares or new or
     different shares or other securities are distributed with respect to such
     shares of Common Stock, through merger, consolidation, sale of all or
     substantially all the property of the Company, reorganization,
     recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse
     stock split or other distribution with respect to such shares of Common
     Stock, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment may be made in (i) the
     maximum number and kind of shares provided in Section 3, (ii) the number
     and kind of shares or other securities subject to the then-outstanding
     Incentive Awards, and (iii) the purchase price or Base Price for each
     share or other unit of any other securities subject to then-outstanding
     Incentive Awards without change in the aggregate purchase price and Base
     Price as to which such Incentive Awards remain exercisable.

     (b) Subject to Section 8(c), upon dissolution or liquidation of the Company
     or upon a reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with one
     or more corporations as a result of which the Company is not the surviving
     corporation, or upon the sale of all or substantially all the property of
     the Company, all Incentive Awards then outstanding under the Plan and held
     by Participants who have been employed or engaged as a consultant by the
     Company for at least one year at such time will be fully vested and
     exercisable, and the Committee may provide in connection with such
     transaction for the continuance of the Plan and the assumption of such
     Incentive Awards or the substitution for such Incentive Awards of new
     incentive awards covering the stock of a successor employer corporation, or
     a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the
     number and kind of shares and prices.

                                       5
<PAGE>   6
     (c) In the event a Change of Control of the Company occurs, all Incentive
     Awards then outstanding under the Plan and held by Participants who have
     been employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company for at least one
     year at such time will be fully vested and exercisable, effective upon the
     occurrence of such Change of Control. In the event that any Person makes a
     filing under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act with respect to the
     Company, the exercise dates of any outstanding Incentive Awards held by
     Participants who have been employed or engaged as a consultant by the
     Company for at least one year at such time shall be without further action
     by the Committee accelerated to make them fully vested and exercisable. In
     addition, in the event a Change of Control of the Company occurs, or in
     the event that any Person makes a filing under Section 14(d) of the
     Exchange Act with respect to the Company, the Committee may, in its sole
     discretion, and subject to any limitations imposed by Section 16 of the
     Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, take any one or more of the
     following actions or any other action permitted under this Plan, subject
     in all cases to the limitations of Section 3(a):

           (i) Grant Appreciation Rights to holders of outstanding Options as
           permitted under Section 7(a);

           (ii) Pay cash to Participants in exchange for the cancellation of
           their outstanding Incentive Awards in accordance with Section 9(h);
           and

           (iii) Make any other appropriate adjustments or amendments to the
           Plan and outstanding Incentive Awards or substitute new Incentive
           Awards for outstanding Incentive Awards.

     For purposes of this Section 8(c), the following definitions shall apply:

           (A) A "Change in Control" of the Company shall have occurred when a
           Person, alone or together with its Affiliates and Associates,
           becomes the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the general voting
           power of the Company.

           (B) "Affiliate and Associate" shall have the respective meanings
           ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2, or any successor rule, of the
           General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

           (C) "Person" shall mean an individual, firm, corporation or other
           entity or any successor to such entity, but "Person" shall not
           include the Company; any Subsidiary; any employee benefit plan or
           employee stock plan of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any Person
           organized, appointed, established or holding Voting Stock by, for or
           pursuant to the terms of such a plan.

           (D) "Voting Stock" shall mean shares of the Company's capital stock
           having general voting power, with "voting power" meaning the power
           under ordinary circumstances (and not merely upon the happening of a
           contingency) to vote in the election of directors.

                                       6
<PAGE>   7
     (d) Adjustments under Sections 8(a), (b) and (c) will be made by the
     Committee, whose determination as to what adjustments will be made and the
     extent thereof will be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional
     shares will be issued under the Plan on account of any such adjustments.

9.   General Provisions.

     (a) Nothing in the Plan or in any instrument executed pursuant to the Plan
     will confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of
     the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affect the right of the Company
     or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any Participant at any
     time with or without cause.

     (b) No shares of Common Stock will be issued or transferred pursuant to an
     Incentive Award unless and until all then-applicable requirements imposed
     by Federal and state securities and other laws, rules and regulations and
     by any regulatory agencies having jurisdiction, and by any stock exchanges
     upon which the Common Stock may be listed, have been fully met. As a
     condition precedent to the issuance of shares pursuant to the grant or
     exercise of an Incentive Award, the Company may require the Participant to
     take any reasonable action to meet such requirements.

     (c) No Participant and no beneficiary or other person claiming under or
     through such Participant will have any right, title or interest in or to
     any shares of Common Stock allocated or reserved under the Plan or subject
     to any Incentive Award except as to such shares of Common Stock, if any,
     that have been issued or transferred to such Participant.

     (d) The Committee shall adopt rules regarding the withholding of federal,
     state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with
     respect to payments and delivery of shares to Participants under the Plan.
     With respect to any Incentive Award, the Committee may, in its discretion,
     permit the Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, any tax
     withholding obligation which may arise in connection with the exercise of
     the Incentive Award by electing to have the Company withhold shares of
     Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of the tax
     withholding.

     (e) No Incentive Award and no right under the Plan, contingent or
     otherwise, will be transferable or assignable or subject to any
     encumbrance, pledge or charge of any nature except that, under such rules
     and regulations as the Committee may establish pursuant to the terms of
     the Plan, a beneficiary may be designated with respect to an Incentive
     Award in the event of death of a participant. If such beneficiary is the
     executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant, any rights
     with respect to such Incentive Award may be transferred to the person or
     persons or entity (including a trust) entitled thereto under the will of
     the holder of such Incentive Award.

     (f) The Company may make a loan to a Participant in connection with the
     exercise of an Option in an amount not to exceed the aggregate exercise
     price of the Option being 

                                       7
<PAGE>   8
     exercised for the purpose of assisting such Participant to exercise such
     Option. The Company may additionally permit payment of all or any portion
     of the exercise price of an Option in installment payments. Any such loan
     or installment payment arrangement shall be secured by shares of Common
     Stock and shall comply in all respects with all applicable laws and
     regulations. The Committee may adopt policies regarding eligibility for
     such arrangements, the maximum amounts thereof and any terms and conditions
     not specified in the Plan upon which such arrangements will be made. In no
     event will the interest rate be less than the applicable federal rate
     established by the Internal Revenue Service.

     (g) The Committee may cancel, with the consent of the Participant, all or
     a portion of any Option or Appreciation Right granted under the Plan to be
     conditioned upon the granting to the Participant of a new Option or
     Appreciation Right for the same or a different number of shares as the
     Option or Appreciation Right surrendered, or may require such voluntary
     surrender as a condition to a grant of a new Option or Appreciation Right
     to such Participant Such new Option or Appreciation Right shall be
     exercisable at the price, during the period and in accordance with any
     other terms or conditions specified by the Committee at the time the new
     Option or Appreciation Right is granted, all determined in accordance with
     the provisions of the Plan without regard to the price, period of
     exercise, or any other terms or conditions of the Option or Appreciation
     Right surrendered.

     (h) If authorized by the Committee, the Company may, with the consent of
     the Participant and at any time or from time to time, cancel all or a
     portion of any Incentive Award granted under the Plan then subject to
     exercise and discharge its obligation with respect to the cancelled portion
     of such Incentive Award either by payment to the Participant of an amount
     of cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value, at such
     time, of the shares subject to the portion of the Incentive Award so
     cancelled over the aggregate purchase price or Base Price specified in the
     Incentive Award covering such shares, or by issuance or transfer to the
     Participant of shares of Common Stock with a Fair Market Value, at such
     time, equal to any such excess, or by a combination of cash and shares.
     Upon any such payment of cash or issuance of shares, there shall be charged
     against the aggregate limitations set forth in Section 3(a) a number of
     shares equal to the number of shares subject to the portion of the
     Incentive Award so cancelled.

     (i) The Committee may, in its sole discretion, cancel any Incentive Award
     if the employment of the Participant holding such Incentive Award is
     terminated and such Participant has engaged in activities which are, in
     the judgment of the Committee, competitive with, prejudicial to or in
     conflict with the interests of the Company or a Subsidiary or has breached
     the terms of any agreement with the Company or a Subsidiary with respect
     to confidentiality and non-use of information or with respect to
     disclosure and assignment of inventions and ideas. Such actions by a
     Participant prior to, or during six months after, exercise of an Incentive
     Award shall constitute a rescission of the exercise, requiring the payment
     to the Company of, in the case of an Option, the difference between the
     purchase price of the Common Stock as to which 

                                       8
<PAGE>   9
     the Option was exercised and the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise
     of such Common Stock or, in the case of an Appreciation Right, the amount
     paid to the Participant upon exercise of the Appreciation Right, in each
     case within ten days after notice of such rescission has been given to the
     terminated employee by the Company.

10.  Amendment and Termination.

     (a) The Board shall have the power, in its discretion, to amend, suspend
     or terminate the Plan at any time.

     (b) The Committee may, with the consent of a Participant, make such
     modifications in the terms and conditions of an Incentive Award as it
     deems advisable.

     (c) No amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan will, without the
     consent of the Participant, impair or adversely affect any right or
     obligation under any Incentive Award previously granted under the Plan.

11.  Effective Date of Plan and Duration of Plan.

     The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board. Unless
     previously terminated, the Plan will terminate when no more shares of
     Common Stock are available for issuance or transfer pursuant to Incentive
     Awards under the limitations of Section 3(a).


                                       9
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.D
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>RESTRICTED STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit 10.d
                                                                   ------------

                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                        RESTRICTED STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

   (Restated to reflect amendments and adjustments through February 7, 1995)


1.  Purpose

     The purpose of the Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") is to
further the growth of United States Surgical Corporation (the "Company") by

     (a) providing incentives to selected key employees who are expected to
contribute to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries;

     (b) maintaining competitive position in attracting and retaining the key
personnel necessary for continued growth and profitability; and

     (c) furthering the identity of interests of such employees with those of
the Company and its stockholders through stock ownership opportunities in the
form of grants of the Company's Common Stock (the "Restricted Stock") in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan.

2.  Effective Date of the Plan

     The effective date of the Plan is February 21, 1978 [approved by the
holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding stock entitled to vote
thereon in person or by proxy at the stockholders' meeting duly held on April
25, 1978].

3.  Administration

     The Plan shall be administered under the direction of a Committee of the
Board of Directors currently known as the Management Compensation Committee
(the "Committee"), which shall consist of three or more members, all of whom
shall be directors of the Company appointed by and serving at the pleasure of
the Board of Directors.  No director of the Company shall serve as a member of
the Committee, if the director is or has been eligible, at any time within one
year prior to appointment as a member, for participation in awards under the
Plan.

     The Committee shall have sole and complete authority, subject only to
express limitations of the Plan, to

     (a)  select key employees to be grantees in the Plan;

     (b)  determine the award to be granted to each grantee;

                                       1
<PAGE>   2
     (c)  determine the time or times when awards will be granted and the
          conditions, including the Restricted Period, upon which the awards
          shall become payable;

     (d)  establish, amend and rescind, from time to time, regulations and rules
          for interpretation and administration of the Plan.

     No member of the Committee shall be liable for any action, determination
or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan.  All
expenses and liabilities, except for a member's willful misconduct or gross
negligence, incurred by the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall
be borne by the Company.  The Committee, with the approval of the Board, may
employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, or other persons.  A majority of
the Committee shall constitute a quorum and the acts of the majority shall be
the acts of the Committee.

     The Committee may act either by vote at a meeting, which may be held
telephonically, or by a memorandum or other written instrument signed by a
majority of the Committee.

4.   Shares Subject to the Plan

     The shares to be awarded under the Plan shall be shares of the Company's
Common Stock, $.10 par value, and may be authorized but unissued shares or
re-acquired shares, or both, as the Committee from time to time may determine.
Subject to adjustment in the number and kind of shares, as provided below, an
aggregate of 2,016,945 shares of the Company's Common Stock shall be authorized
for issuance under the Plan.

     If an award is cancelled for any reason without the shares having been
fully vested, the number of shares which did not vest may again be made subject
to an award either to the same or a different grantee.

     In the event of a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization,
combination of shares, adjustment in the capital stock of the Company or if as
a result of a merger, consolidation or other reorganization, the Company's
Common Stock shall be increased, reduced or otherwise changed and a grantee, in
his capacity as owner of unvested shares, shall be entitled to new, additional
or different shares of stock or securities; such new, additional or different
shares or securities thereupon shall be considered to be unvested Restricted
Stock awards, except in the case of rights or warrants, and shall be subject to
all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the
prior shares pursuant to the Plan.

     If a grantee receives rights or warrants with respect to any shares
awarded to him hereunder, such rights or warrants or any shares or securities
acquired by their exercise shall be free and clear of the restrictions and
obligations provided in this Plan.


                                       2
<PAGE>   3
5.  Awards

     Any key employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall be
eligible to be granted awards.  A "subsidiary" shall mean any company, a
majority of whose outstanding stock entitled to elect a majority of its board
of directors, is either at such time owned by the Company or by another
subsidiary of the Company.  The term "employee" shall include employees who are
officers or directors as well as other employees of the Company or its
subsidiaries.  The Committee, from time to time, shall in its absolute
discretion select the eligible key employees to whom awards shall be granted,
determine the number of shares of Restricted Stock to be covered by such
awards, the duration of the Restricted Period or Periods, and the terms and
conditions of such awards consistent with the Plan.  No member of the Board of
Directors who is not an employee of the Company or a subsidiary or is a member
of the Committee shall be eligible to receive a Restricted Stock Award.  Any
employee may elect irrevocably not to be eligible for grant of awards, either
for a period of time or during the entire term of the Plan, by delivering to
the Committee a written notice to such effect.  Restricted Stock Awards may be
made to the same person on more than one occasion.  No employee shall have a
right to be selected as a participant, or, having been selected, to be selected
again.

6.  Terms and Conditions of Awards

     All shares of Common Stock awarded to grantees under the Plan shall be
subject to the following terms and conditions and to such other terms not
inconsistent with the Plan as shall be prescribed by the Committee:

     (1)  Shares of stock awarded as a Restricted Stock Award shall be issued in
          the name of the grantee and delivered to him as soon as practicable
          after the award is made.

     (2)  The awarded shares shall be issued without the payment of any cash
          consideration by the grantee.

     (3)  The awarded shares shall be issued against execution by the grantee of
          an Award Agreement, upon such terms as the Committee in its absolute
          discretion may require, pursuant to which the grantee shall agree that
          the shares are received in accordance with the terms and conditions of
          the Plan.

     (4)  Upon making an award of Restricted Stock, the Committee shall
          establish a Restricted Period or Periods for the grantee. During the
          Restricted Period, as and to the extent so established, the shares
          awarded shall not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of and
          shall not be pledged or otherwise hypothecated.

                                       3
<PAGE>   4
     (5)  (a) Upon the termination, during the Restricted Period, of the
          employment of the grantee by the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
          for any reason, voluntary or involuntary, except in the case of: (i)
          the death or permanent disability of the grantee, (ii) the termination
          of the employment of the grantee by the Company or any of its
          subsidiaries without cause, (iii) the acquisition (as herein defined)
          of the Company by another company, or (iv) a Change in Control (as
          herein defined), all of the shares awarded which are not then vested
          and are still subject to the restrictions imposed herein shall
          thereupon be forfeited and automatically transferred to and reacquired
          by the Company at no cost to the Company.

          (b) An "Acquisition" of the Company, for the purposes of the Plan,
          shall be deemed to have been made if the Company shall merge into
          another company, other than a wholly owned subsidiary, which shall
          continue as the surviving Company, or if a majority of the Company's
          then outstanding Common Stock entitled to elect a majority of the
          Board of Directors, shall have been purchased by another company.

          (c) In the event a Change of Control of the Company occurs, or in the
          event that any Person makes a filing under Section 14(d) of the
          Exchange Act with respect to the Company, all Restricted Stock then
          outstanding under the Plan will be fully vested and the Restricted
          Period shall lapse, effective upon the occurrence of such Change of
          Control or filing.

          For purposes of this Section 5(c), the following definitions shall
          apply:

          (A) A "Change in Control" of the Company shall have occurred when a
          Person, alone or together with its Affiliates and Associates, becomes
          the beneficial owner of 20% or more of the general voting power of the
          Company.

          (B) "Affiliate and Associate" shall have the respective meanings
          ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2, or any successor rule, of the
          General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

          (C) "Person" shall mean an individual, firm, corporation or other
          entity or any successor to such entity, but "Person" shall not include
          the Company; any Subsidiary; any employee benefit plan or employee
          stock plan of the Company or any Subsidiary, or any Person organized,
          appointed, established or holding Voting Stock by, for or pursuant to
          the terms of such a plan.

          (D) "Voting Stock" shall mean shares of the Company's capital stock
          having general voting power, with "voting power" meaning the power


                                       4
<PAGE>   5
          under ordinary circumstances (and not merely upon the happening of a
          contingency) to vote in the election of directors.

     (6)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a grantee ceases to be an employee
          as aforesaid, the Committee, may, in writing, determine, but need not,
          within 120 days of such termination of employment, that some or all of
          such shares be free of restrictions and shall not be forfeited.

     (7)  Each certificate issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock
          awarded shall bear the following or similar legend:

              "The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock
              represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions,
              including forfeiture, contained in the Restricted Stock Incentive
              Plan of United States Surgical Corporation and an Award Agreement
              entered into between the registered owner and such corporation. A
              copy of such Plan and Agreement is on file in the offices of the
              corporation."

     (8)  Subject to the restrictions herein contained, a grantee, as owner of
          such shares, shall have all of the rights of a stockholder including
          the right to vote such shares and to receive all dividends, cash or
          stock, paid or delivered thereon.

     (9)  Upon the lapse of restrictions prior to forfeiture as herein provided,
          such number of shares as to which such lapse applies shall be vested
          in the grantee, and the legend on the shares for which restrictions
          have lapsed shall be removed, at the request of the grantee, and an
          unlegended certificate issued in exchange therefor. The restrictions
          on the stock so awarded shall lapse in accordance with the number and
          period fixed by the Committee in its grant.

     (10) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such employee has been in the
          continuous employment of the Company or any subsidiary since the date
          on which the award was granted to him, and while so employed, if he
          shall die or become permanently disabled, or his employment shall be
          terminated by the Company or any of its subsidiaries without cause, or
          the Company shall be acquired (as defined herein) by another company,
          all restrictions on unvested stock shall lapse upon his death,
          permanent disability or termination without cause or such acquisition.

     (11) Each employee granted a Restricted Stock Award shall agree that:

          (i) no later than the date of the lapse of the restrictions mentioned
          herein and in the instrument evidencing the grant of the Restricted
          Stock Award, he will pay to the Company, or make arrangements
          satisfactory

                                       5
<PAGE>   6
          to the Committee regarding payment of, any federal, state or local
          taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect of the
          shares of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Award; and

          (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted
          by law, have the right to deduct from any payments of any kind
          otherwise due to the employee any federal, state or local taxes of any
          kind required by law to be withheld with respect of the shares of
          Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Award.

     (12) An employee granted a Restricted Stock Award may elect, within 30 days
          of the date of grant, and upon written notice of election mailed to
          the Committee, care of the Company's principal office, to realize
          income for federal income tax purposes equal to the fair market value
          of the shares of Common Stock awarded on the date of grant. In such
          event he shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee to pay
          in the year of such grant any federal, state or local taxes required
          to be withheld with respect to such shares. If he shall fail to make
          such payments, the Company and it subsidiaries shall, to the extent
          permitted by law, have the right to deduct in the year of such grant
          any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be
          withheld with respect to such shares of Common Stock.

     (13) The registration or qualification under any federal or state law of
          any shares of Common Stock to be granted pursuant to Restricted Stock
          Awards (whether to permit the making of Restricted Stock Awards or the
          resale or other disposition of any such shares of Common Stock by or
          on behalf of the employees receiving such shares) may be necessary or
          desirable as a condition of or in connection with such Restricted
          Stock Awards, and, in any such event, if the Board of Directors in its
          sole discretion so determines, delivery of the certificates for such
          shares of Common Stock shall not be made until such registration of
          qualification shall have been completed. In such connection, the
          Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to effect any such
          registration or qualification; provided, however, the Company shall
          not be required to use its best efforts to effect such registration
          under the Securities Act of 1933 other than on Form S-8 or Form S-16,
          as presently in effect, or such other forms as may be in effect from
          time to time calling for information comparable to that presently
          required to be furnished under Form S-8 and Form S-16.

     (14) If the shares of Common Stock that have been awarded to an employee
          pursuant to the terms of the Plan are not registered under the
          Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to an effective
          registration statement, such employee, if the Committee shall deem it
          advisable, may be required to represent and agree in writing (i) that
          any shares of 

                                       6
<PAGE>   7
          Common Stock acquired by such employee pursuant to the Plan will not
          be sold except pursuant to an exemption from registration under said
          Act and (ii) that such employee is acquiring such shares of Common
          Stock for his own account and not with a view to the distribution
          thereof.

     (15) The number of shares of Common Stock of the Company reserved for
          awards under the Plan shall be subject to adjustment by the Company,
          in its sole discretion, to reflect any stock split, stock dividend,
          recapitalization, merger, consolidation, reorganization, combination
          or exchange of shares or other similar event. All determinations made
          by the Committee with respect to adjustments under this section shall
          be conclusive and binding for all purposes of the Plan.

     (16) The grantee, with the consent of the Committee, may designate a person
          or persons to receive, in the event of his death, any Restricted Stock
          to which he would then be entitled. Such designation shall be made
          upon forms supplied by the Company and may be revoked in writing. If a
          grantee fails so to designate a beneficiary, then his estate shall be
          deemed to be his beneficiary.

7.   Amendments

     The Plan and, with the consent of the grantee, awards granted hereunder may
be amended at any time and from time to time by the Board of Directors of the
Company, but no amendment which increases the aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock which may be granted pursuant to the Plan or which extends the
period during which Restricted Stock Awards may be granted pursuant to the Plan
shall be effective unless the same is approved, within one year after the date
of amendment, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
of Common Stock of the Company present in person or by proxy and entitled to
vote at a meeting duly held to take such action. Without the written consent of
such employee, no amendment of the Plan shall adversely affect any right of any
employee with respect to any Restricted Stock Award theretofore granted to him.

8.  Termination of the Plan

     The Board of Directors of the Company may at any time suspend or terminate
the Plan.  No Restricted Stock Awards may be granted during any suspension of
the Plan or after the Plan has been terminated.

     The Plan shall terminate upon the earlier of the following dates:

     (i) the date of termination specified in a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Company; or

                                       7
<PAGE>   8
     (ii) the date on which no more shares of the Company's Common Stock are
available for awards under the Plan.

     After the Plan terminates, the function of the Committee will be limited
to supervising the administration of Restricted Stock Awards previously
granted.



                                       8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.M
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT BETWEEN H.M. ROSENKRANTZ AND REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                EXHIBIT 10(m)
                                                                -------------

                                       January 30, 1996

Mr. Howard M. Rosenkrantz
150 Glover Avenue
Norwalk, CT 06856

Dear Howard:

In consideration for your commitment to remain in your present position until at
least April 1, 1997, the Compensation/Option Committee of the Board of Directors
has approved the agreement set out below. That agreement will become effective
if and when, within the next 30 days, you sign and return a copy of this letter
to me.

Subject to the foregoing, United States Surgical Corporation (the "Company") and
you agree as follows:

A. Benefits. The Company shall provide you with the separation benefits
described below, if (i) you retire from your employment with the Company at
anytime during the month of April of 1997, and, (ii) upon retirement, you sign
and deliver to the Company a release in the form of Paragraph B below, dated as
of your retirement date.

         1. Payment. The Company shall make 12 equal monthly payments to
you, equal in the aggregate to 12 months of your base annual salary (excluding
bonus), beginning one month following the effective date of your retirement.

         2. Tax Services. The Company shall continue to provide services
by Deloitte & Touche to you in accordance with the Company's program of
Executive Financial Planning, as in effect on the effective date of your
retirement, until the later of the filing of your tax return for income received
during the year in which you retire, or April 15, of the following year.

         3. Stock Options. Subject to any other limitations imposed by
law, the Company shall allow stock options granted by it to you to vest and be
exercisable in accordance with their terms as follows: (a) if the stock options
were granted to you prior to the date I receive your signed copy of this letter
(the "Receipt Date"), and their exercise price is lower than the closing market
price of the stock as of the Receipt Date, such stock options would vest and be
exercisable until the effective date of your retirement (your "Retirement
Date"), and, insofar as such options were vested as of your Retirement Date, to
be exercisable until the earlier of the date the options would have expired had
you remained an employee of the Company or six months after your

<PAGE>   2

January 30, 1996
Page -2-

Retirement Date, or (b) if the stock options were granted to you prior to the
Receipt Date, and their exercise price is equal to or more than the closing
market price of the stock as of the Receipt Date, or, if the stock options are
granted to you upon or after the Receipt Date, such stock options would vest and
be exercisable until the earlier of the date the options would have expired had
you remained an employee of the Company or three years after your Retirement
Date.

         4. Insurance. If you elect COBRA continuation coverage under
the United States Surgical Corporation Executive Medical Plan, the Company shall
pay the COBRA premiums on your behalf for COBRA coverage for 12 months;
provided, however, that, in any event, the Company-paid COBRA coverage will end
on the date on which you first become employed by another employer. At the end
of such period, you may continue COBRA coverage for the remainder of the
applicable COBRA period at your own expense. In addition, the Company shall pay
the premiums on your behalf for continuation, for 12 months from the effective
date of your retirement, of the United States Surgical Corporation Executive
Life Insurance Plan.

B. Release. You hereby release and discharge the Company and its
subsidiaries and divisions, and their respective directors, officers and
employees from any and all claims and liabilities of whatsoever kind and nature
existing as of or prior to your execution and return of a copy of this letter,
whether or not related to your employment with the Company, including without
limitation claims of discrimination based upon sex, race, age, nationality,
disability or veteran status, and claims arising under the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967, but excluding claims arising out of the performance of
the Company of its agreements contained in this letter. You also hereby waive
any right to file, or participate in, any charges or complaints relating to any
of the foregoing claims and liabilities, insofar as such waiver is legally
permissible.

C. Non-Compete and Confidentiality. You acknowledge your continuing
obligations to comply, during and after your employment, with the terms of your
Employee Agreement Regarding Confidential Information, Inventions and
Conflicting Employment (the "Employee Agreement"), including without limitation
the covenant not to compete, the covenant not to disclose confidential
information, and the employee inventions disclosure provision. You further agree
that this letter and your Employee Agreement constitute the only agreements
between you and the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and may only be amended
by a written agreement signed by you and an authorized officer of the Company.
Notwithstanding any inability to find non-competitive employment during the 12
months following your retirement, the Company shall have no obligation to make
any payments to you in addition to those made pursuant to Paragraph A above, and
your covenant not to compete shall, nonetheless, remain in full force and
effect. Contrary language contained in your Employee Agreement is hereby amended
accordingly.

D. Breach. You agree that, if you breach any of the above agreements or any
agreements contained in the Employee Agreement, or if you challenge the release

<PAGE>   3

January 30, 1996
Page -3-

contained in paragraph B above, the Company may terminate any benefits provided
or to be provided to you in connection with this letter, and require you to
return to the Company all moneys paid by it to you or on your behalf in
connection with this letter.

E. Entire Agreement; Governing Law and Courts. You agree that this
letter constitutes the only agreement between you and the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, and may only be amended by a written agreement signed by you and
an authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this letter shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut,
without regard to any conflict of laws rules which might result in the
application of the law of another jurisdiction. You and the Company hereby
irrevocably agree that, other than a legal action brought by the Company in
connection with any breach of your obligations under the Employee Agreement, any
legal action with respect to any dispute between you and the Company or any of
its directors, officers or employees relating in any way to this letter or your
employment with the Company shall be brought solely before a State or Federal
court located in Connecticut.

If you accept and are in agreement with the foregoing, please so indicate by
signing below on the attached copy of this letter, and returning the same to me.

                                            Very truly yours,

                                            Thomas R. Bremer
                                            Senior Vice President
                                            and General Counsel

ACCEPTANCE AND AGREEMENT 
By signing below, I hereby acknowledge that
I have read and understood, and voluntarily
accept and agree to, the terms and
conditions contained in this letter.


- ----------------------------------------
Howard M. Rosenkrantz

Date:


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT OF COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 12
                                                                    ----------

               UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

     STATEMENT OF COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED CHARGES
                          AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Years Ended December 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1995             1994             1993              1992              1991
                                                     ----             ----             ----              ----              ----
<S>                                                <C>               <C>             <C>               <C>               <C>     
Determination of earnings:
   Income (loss) before provision for
     income taxes..............................    $ 89,800          $32,700         $(137,400)        $192,900          $130,300
   Fixed charges...............................      31,700           28,400            29,900           22,600            16,900
                                                   --------          -------         ---------         --------          --------
         Total earnings as defined.............     121,500           61,100          (107,500)         215,500           147,200
                                                   --------          -------         ---------         --------          --------

Fixed charges and other:
   Interest expense............................      20,700           18,200            18,500           14,700            12,000
   Interest portion of rent expense............      11,000           10,200            11,400            7,900             4,900
                                                   --------          -------         ---------         --------          --------
         Fixed charges.........................      31,700           28,400            29,900           22,600            16,900

   Capitalized interest........................         200              300             9,500            6,400             2,700
                                                   --------          -------         ---------         --------          --------

   Total fixed charges and capitalized
     interest..................................      31,900           28,700         $  39,400         $ 29,000          $ 19,600
                                                                                     =========         ========          ========

   Preferred stock dividends (1)...............      30,000           22,900
                                                   --------          -------       

Combined fixed charges, capitalized
   interest and preferred stock
   dividends...................................    $ 61,900          $51,600
                                                   ========          =======        

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
   and Capitalized Interest....................         3.8              2.1            N.M.(2)             7.4               7.5
                                                   ========          =======         =========         ========          ========

Ratio of Earnings to Combined
   Fixed Charges, Capitalized Interest
   and Preferred Stock Dividends...............         2.0              1.2
                                                   ========          =======       
</TABLE>


The ratio of earnings to fixed charges and capitalized interest and to combined
fixed charges, capitalized interest and preferred stock dividends is computed by
dividing the sum of earnings before provision for income taxes and fixed charges
(excluding capitalized interest) by total fixed charges and capitalized
interest, or by the sum of total fixed charges and capitalized interest and
preferred stock dividends. Total fixed charges and capitalized interest includes
all interest (including capitalized interest) and the interest factor of all
rentals, assumed to be one-third of consolidated rent expense.

(1)  Preferred stock dividends have been increased to an amount representing the
pretax earnings which would be required to cover such dividend requirements,
assuming a statutory tax rate of 35%.

(2)  Earnings are inadequate to cover fixed charges. The dollar amount of the
deficiency at 12/31/93 is $147 million. If the restructuring charges of $138
million were excluded from the calculation, the dollar amount of the deficiency
would have been $9 million.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 21
                                                                     ----------

                       UNITED STATES SURGICAL CORPORATION

                             FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT
                      For the Year Ended December 31, 1995


                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               JURISDICTION
NAME                                                         OF INCORPORATION
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>
ARR, Inc. ............................................      Delaware
ASE Continuing Education Center S.A...................      France
ASE Partners S.A. ....................................      France
Auto Suture Austria GmbH .............................      Austria
Auto Suture Belgium B.V. .............................      Holland
Auto Suture Company, Australia........................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Company, Canada ..........................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Company, Netherlands .....................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Company, U.K.  ...........................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Deutschland GmbH .........................      Germany
Auto Suture Eastern Europe, Inc. .....................      Delaware
Auto Suture Espana, S.A. .............................      Spain
Auto Suture Europe Holdings, Inc. ....................      Connecticut
Auto Suture France, S.A...............................      France
Auto Suture FSC Ltd. .................................      U.S. Virgin Islands
Auto Suture International, Inc. ......................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Italia, S.p.A. ...........................      Italy
Auto Suture Japan, Inc................................      Japan
Auto Suture Norden Co. ...............................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Poland, Limited Liability Company  .......      Poland
Auto Suture Puerto Rico, Inc. ........................      Connecticut
Auto Suture Russia, Inc.  ............................      Delaware
Auto Suture (Schweiz) AG  ............................      Switzerland
Auto Suture Surgical Instruments  ....................      Russia
Surgical Dynamics, Inc. ..............................      Delaware
USSC AG   ............................................      Switzerland
USSC (Deutschland) GmbH  .............................      Germany
USSC Financial Services, Inc. ........................      Connecticut
USSC Medical GmbH.....................................      Germany
USSC Puerto Rico, Inc. ...............................      New York
</TABLE>

     None of the registrant's subsidiaries does business under any name other
than its corporate name.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          10,500
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  255,500
<ALLOWANCES>                                     8,200
<INVENTORY>                                    161,200
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               506,900
<PP&E>                                         753,100
<DEPRECIATION>                                 248,200
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               1,265,500
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          260,300
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                        900
<COMMON>                                         6,500
<OTHER-SE>                                     733,700
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 1,265,500
<SALES>                                      1,022,300
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,022,300
<CGS>                                          451,700
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  451,700
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               460,100
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 1,300
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              20,700
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 89,800
<INCOME-TAX>                                    10,600
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             79,200
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    79,200
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.05
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.05
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
