-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IX1DQCWF/N3PCBfR+LM7zqKMJO5P0FsYlJHUYTTQkiFEhNOv43rLVoAH4LwqdT4E
 Y1xrUlGBULP3oC1OGiHgkA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950134-96-000777.txt : 19960320
<SEC-HEADER>0000950134-96-000777.hdr.sgml : 19960320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950134-96-000777
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960319
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000217416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MORTGAGE BANKERS & LOAN CORRESPONDENTS [6162]
		IRS NUMBER:				710430414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17459
		FILM NUMBER:		96536110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4041 ESSEN LN
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1591
		CITY:			BATON ROUGE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70809
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5049246007
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED 12/31/95
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
================================================================================

                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                             ----------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
               THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the year ended December 31, 1995
                                       OR

[  ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
               THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from .............. to ...............

Commission file number 1-7067

                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                 Louisiana                               71-0430414
       (State or other jurisdiction of                (I.R.S. Employer
       incorporation or organization)                  Identification No.)
             4041 Essen Lane                                70809
          Baton Rouge, Louisiana                         (Zip Code)
  (Address of principal executive office)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code (504) 924-6007

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                           Name of each exchange on
              Title of each class              which registered 
              -------------------          ------------------------
                                    NONE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                         Common Stock, Par Value $2.00
                         -----------------------------
                                (Title of Class)         

        6 3/4% PRIDES(sm), Convertible Preferred Stock, Par Value $2.00
        ---------------------------------------------------------------
                               (Title of Class)                        

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  X   No
                                                ---     ---

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

         The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System/National Stock Market, as of March 11, 1996, was
$589,182,237.

         The number of shares of $2.00 par value common stock issued and
outstanding as of March 11, 1996 was 28,146,480 excluding 1,159,682 treasury
shares.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Management's proxy statement in connection with the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 30, 1996 is incorporated by reference in Part III.

================================================================================

<PAGE>   2



                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

      United Companies Financial Corporation (the "Company" or "UCFC"), founded
in 1946, is a financial services holding company having mortgage and insurance
operations. The Company's mortgage operations are focused on the origination,
purchase, sale and servicing of first mortgage, non-conventional, home equity
loans. Home equity loan production in 1995, 1994, and 1993 was $1.5 billion,
$909 million and $540 million, respectively. The Company sells substantially
all of its home equity loan production through loan securitizations pursuant to
which mortgage-backed securities are issued and publicly sold under a Company
sponsored shelf registration statement. The operating income before income
taxes of the Company's mortgage operations increased from $46.3 million in 1993
to $81.2 million in 1994 and to $107.7 million in 1995. The Company's insurance
operations sell primarily deferred annuities marketed in 47 states, the
District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. On February 2, 1996, the Company signed
an agreement to sell all of the outstanding capital stock of its life insurance
subsidiary. The proposed sale is subject to the approval of the Company's
shareholders and regulatory authorities and the satisfaction of other
conditions. See "Life Insurance - Recent Developments". For additional
information regarding the Company's operations by business segment, see Note 14
to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

      The Company was incorporated in the State of Louisiana in 1946 and its
principal offices are located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. It currently has
approximately 1,900 employees.

MORTGAGE

      Overview. The Company's mortgage operations consist of the origination,
purchase, sale and servicing of primarily first mortgage, non-conventional,
home equity loans which are typically not loans for the purchase of homes.
These loans, which are fixed and variable rate mortgage loans, are made
primarily to individuals who may not otherwise qualify for conventional loans
which are readily marketable to government-sponsored mortgage agencies or
conduits and available through most commercial banks and many other lending
institutions.

      Distribution network. At December 31, 1995, the Company's mortgage
activities were primarily conducted through the following distribution
channels:

      Retail. The Company's retail operations are conducted through United
      Companies Lending Corporation ("UCLC") which consists of a branch network
      of 150 offices in 39 states.

      Wholesale. The wholesale loan distribution network consists of two
      separate divisions of UCLC which offer home equity loans through distinct
      distribution channels. Both of these divisions, UNICOR MORTGAGE(R)
      ("UNICOR") and GINGER MAE(R) ("GINGER MAE") , operate under registered
      service marks. UNICOR offers home equity loan products through
      correspondents and brokers in 44 states, while GINGER MAE offers these
      products to financial institutions, which include banks, savings and loan
      associations and credit unions, in 23 states. UNICOR began operating as a
      separate subsidiary of the Company in January, 1996.

      Bulk purchasing. The Company also conducts a bulk loan purchase program
      through Southern Mortgage Acquisition, Inc. ("SMA"), which from time to
      time purchases pools of home equity loans from other lenders.


                                       2

<PAGE>   3



      Manufactured housing finance. During the fourth quarter of 1995 the
      Company expanded its lending operations to include additional
      manufactured housing loan products. The manufactured housing lending is
      conducted through a wholly owned subsidiary, United Companies Funding,
      Inc., based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with servicing provided by UCLC.

      Products and Production. The Company's principal products are home equity
loans with a fixed amount and term to maturity, which are secured by a first
lien mortgage on the borrower's residence. Typically the proceeds of the loan
will be used by the borrower to refinance an existing first mortgage in order
to finance home improvements or for debt consolidation. These types of loans
are commonly referred to as "B" and "C" grade loans. These loans are distinct
from home equity revolving lines of credit, not offered by the Company, which
are generally secured by a second mortgage and typically carry a floating
interest rate. The Company offers fixed rate and adjustable rate ("ARM") home
equity loan products.

      The following table reflects home equity loan production by distribution
network by product type:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    1995                        1994                       1993         
                           ----------------------       --------------------       ---------------------
                                         Average                    Average                    Average
                                          Loan                       Loan                        Loan
                              Amount      Size            Amount     Size            Amount      Size   
                           ------------ ---------       ---------- ---------       ---------- ----------
                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                        <C>                <C>       <C>              <C>       <C>               <C>
Retail
       Fixed...............$    740,707        37       $  679,466        38       $  460,164         36
       ARM.................     198,369        78           11,560        90           23,037         83
Wholesale
    UNICOR
       Fixed...............     337,802        50          146,832        48           40,736         53
       ARM.................      85,208       104           45,248        97           15,931        103
    GINGER MAE
       Fixed...............      44,497        59            9,864        55                -          -
       ARM.................       6,351       115              201       101                -          -
Bulk Purchase
       Fixed...............       7,709        50            1,739        38                -          -
       ARM.................     120,894       156           13,911        58                -          -
                           ------------                 ----------                 ----------           

Total Production...........$  1,541,537                 $  908,821                 $  539,868
                           ============                 ==========                 ==========
</TABLE>


         As of December 31, 1995, approximately 96.5% in aggregate principal
amount of the home equity loans owned and/or serviced by the Company were
secured by a first mortgage with the remaining 3.5% in aggregate principal
amount secured by second or multi-property mortgages. During 1995,
approximately $1,486 million first mortgage home equity loans were originated
and $56 million in second and multi-property mortgage loans. On most home
equity loans for home improvements, the loan proceeds are disbursed to an
escrow agent which, according to guidelines established by the Company,
releases such proceeds upon completion of the improvements or in draws as the
work on the improvements progresses. The weighted average interest rate on home
equity loans produced during 1995 was 11.6%, compared to 11.7% during 1994.
Costs incurred by the borrower for loan origination, including origination
points and appraisal, legal and title fees, are often included in the amount
financed. Over the past five years, contractual maturities have generally
ranged from seven to twenty years, and the weighted average effective life
using the historical constant prepayment rate for the Company's home equity
loans has been approximately three and one-half years. Prior to July, 1991, the
Company actively originated commercial real estate loans for sale to United
Companies Life Insurance Company ("UCLIC") with servicing rights retained by
the lending operations of the Company. From July 1991 to early 1995, the
Company limited commercial real estate originations due to a change in UCLIC's
investment demand and lack of a secondary market for this product. However, in
1995,


                                       3

<PAGE>   4



originations of commercial real estate loans on behalf of UCLIC resumed with
$21.3 million of such loans being originated. The servicing of the commercial
loans owned by UCLIC and pass-through certificates owned by third parties and
UCLIC, which are backed by commercial real estate loans originated by UCLC,
will be transferred from UCLC to UCLIC under the terms of the proposed sale of
UCLIC.  At December 31, 1995, the principal balance of such loans and
pass-through certificates was approximately $251 million. See "Life Insurance -
Recent Developments" below.

          The Company's principal market for its home equity loans is
individuals who may not otherwise qualify for conventional loans which are
readily marketable to the government-sponsored mortgage agencies or conduits
and available through most commercial banks and many other lending
institutions.  Loans to such borrowers may present a greater credit risk and
therefore produce higher loan origination fees and interest rates as compared
to loans to customers of banks and thrifts. The Company believes that its
customers generally place a higher priority on the amount of the monthly
payment and prompt credit approval than on the interest rate and origination
fees associated with the loan. Management of the Company believes that any
greater credit risk arising out of making loans to these borrowers is
compensated by higher fees and interest rates. There are generally numerous
competitors for these borrowers in each of the Company's geographic markets.
Principal competitors include recognized national and regional lenders. The
Company believes that prompt underwriting and response to loan applications
provides a competitive advantage in loan originations.

          Underwriting. Regardless of the manner of origination, all home
equity loans are underwritten (or, in the case of bulk purchases are
re-underwritten) prior to approval and funding utilizing substantially similar
underwriting guidelines. The underwriting function is centralized at the home
office.  Underwriting guidelines are modified from time to time. The following
is a description of the current underwriting guidelines, which are not
materially different from prior guidelines.

         The underwriting process is intended to assess primarily the
prospective borrower's ability and willingness to repay the loan and
secondarily the adequacy of the real property security as collateral for the
loan granted. A credit package is submitted to the home office which includes a
current appraisal from an independent appraiser on the Company's approved list,
a property inspection, a credit report and a verification of employment. On a
case-by-case basis, after review and approval by home office underwriters, home
equity loans may be made which vary from the underwriting guidelines. However,
variations from guidelines with respect to home equity loans primarily are
approved by the home office underwriting department.

         The Company originates fixed-rate home equity loans which generally
fully amortize over a period not to exceed: 360 months for single family, owner
occupied first mortgages; 360 months for single family, non-owner occupied
first mortgages; 240 months for single family, combination owner
occupied/rental property first mortgages; and 180 months for single family,
owner occupied second mortgages. The fixed-rate loan amounts generally do not
exceed $500,000 unless a higher amount is specifically approved by the home
office. The Company also originates a fixed rate loan product with an original
term to maturity of 180 months and an amortization schedule of 360 months
("Balloon Loans"). Balloon loans must be secured by first liens on single
family, owner occupied residential properties. Fixed-rate home equity loans
secured by second mortgages generally do not exceed $150,000. Adjustable-rate
home equity loans, in general, fully amortize over a period not to exceed 360
months. The maximum amount for adjustable-rate home equity loans is $500,000
unless a higher amount is specifically approved by home office.

         The homes used for collateral to secure the home equity loans may be
owner occupied, non-owner occupied rental properties or a combination of owner
occupied rental properties, which in any case are one-to-four family residences
(which may be a detached or semi-detached row house, townhouse, a condominium
unit or a unit in a planned unit development). In addition, fixed rate home
equity loans may be secured by single-family owner occupied manufactured or
mobile homes with land if the manufactured or mobile homes are permanently
affixed and defined as real estate under applicable state law. Second mortgages
are generally permitted only for fixed-rate home equity loans and generally are
limited to one-to-four family owner occupied property. Such a loan secured by a
second


                                       4

<PAGE>   5



mortgage typically will not be made if the first mortgage is a balloon or 
an individual or owner financed mortgage.

         In general, the value of each property proposed as security for a home
equity loan is required to be determined by a current appraisal from an
independent appraiser who has been approved by the home office. The originator
selects the appraiser and orders the appraisal. The Company requires that the
appraisal provide an adequately supported estimate of the value of the property
proposed as security for the requested home equity loan and a complete, accurate
description of the property. In some cases, the appraisal is subject to
completion of improvements which are to be made with the proceeds of the
proposed home equity loan. The property is analyzed, based on the appraisal, to
determine its acceptability as security for the loan requested.

         Loan-to-Value. The total amount of a home equity loan generally
includes origination fees, credit life insurance premium, if any, prepaid
interest and other closing costs (such as the cost of an appraisal report and
title insurance premiums). Loan-to-value is the percentage equal to the note
amount divided by the lesser of appraised value or the purchase price of the
real estate. For fixed-rate and adjustable rate home equity loans originated
through the wholesale loan programs, the maximum loan-to-value is 90%, with the
maximum for rural properties generally being 80%. For home equity loans
originated through the branch network, an Underwriting Loan-to-Value Ratio, as
described below, is utilized. The total amount of a home equity loan, net of the
origination fees, credit life insurance premium, if any, prepaid tax and
insurance escrow, real estate tax service fee, loan application fee and prepaid
interest, is defined as the "Cash Out." The "Underwriting Loan-to-Value Ratio"
for underwriting purposes is the Cash Out divided by the appraised value or
purchase price of the property, whichever is less. The Cash Out with respect to
fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans originated through the branch network is
limited to 90% of the lesser of the applicable appraised value or purchase price
of the property.

         Generally, the maximum Underwriting Loan-to-Value Ratio is 80% for a
loan with a second mortgage on the property. With respect to rural properties,
the maximum Underwriting Loan-to-Value Ratio (utilizing only up to ten acres
and the improvements thereon) is 80%. The maximum Underwriting Loan-to-Value
Ratio generally applicable to non-owner occupied homes is 75% and is generally
80% for owner occupied manufactured/mobile homes with land. Because the
Underwriting Loan-to-Value Ratio is based on the Cash Out rather than the
actual principal balance of the related loan, the Loan-to-Value Ratio of such
loan will be higher and could be substantially higher than the Underwriting
Loan-to-Value Ratio.

         Creditworthiness. Verification of personal financial information for
each applicant is required. The applicant's total monthly obligations
(including principal and interest on each mortgage, tax assessments, other
loans, charge accounts and all scheduled indebtedness) generally should not
exceed 50% of a borrower's gross monthly income. In the case of adjustable-rate
home equity loans, the debt ratio calculation is based upon the principal and
interest payment amount utilizing the maximum rate on the second change date.
Generally, the borrowers are required to have two years of employment with
their current employer or two years of like experience. Applicants who are 
salaried employees must provide current employment information in addition 
to recent employment history. This information is verified for salaried 
borrowers based on written confirmation from employers, or a combination of 
a telephone confirmation from the employer and the most recent pay stub and 
the most recent W-2 tax form. A self-employed applicant is generally required
to provide copies of complete federal income tax returns filed for the most
recent two years. Reverification of the foregoing information is generally not
undertaken for home equity loans purchased through the bulk purchase program of
the Company.

         A credit report by an independent, nationally recognized credit
reporting agency reflecting the applicant's credit history is required. The
credit report should reflect all delinquencies of 30 days or more,
repossessions, judgments, foreclosures, garnishments, bankruptcies and similar
instances of adverse credit that can be discovered by a search of public
records. Verification is required to be obtained of the first mortgage balance,
if any, its status and whether local taxes, interest, insurance and assessments
are included in the applicant's monthly payment. All taxes and assessments not
included in the payment are required to be verified as current. A borrower's 
mortgage payment history should generally reflect no more than three payments


                                       5

<PAGE>   6



over 30 days delinquent in the last twelve months; however, in some cases, a
borrower is permitted to have no more than five payments over 30 days
delinquent in the last twelve months and one payment over 60 days delinquent in
the last twelve months. Credit analysis is subjective and subject to
interpretation in the underwriting process.

         Certain laws protect loan applicants by offering them a timeframe
after loan documents are signed, called the "rescission period," during which
the applicant has the right to cancel the loan. The rescission period must have
expired prior to funding a loan and may not be waived by the applicant except
as permitted by law.

         The Company generally requires title insurance coverage on each home
equity loan it originates. The Company and its assignees are generally named as
the insured on the title insurance policies and the addressee of the title
opinion.

         The borrower is required to obtain property insurance in an amount
sufficient to cover, in the case of a first mortgage, the new loan and in the
case of a fixed-rate second mortgage, the new loan and any prior mortgage. If
the sum of an outstanding first mortgage, if any, and the fixed-rate home
equity loan exceeds the lesser of replacement or insurable value, insurance
equal to the lesser of replacement or insurable value may be accepted. The
Company requires that its name and address are properly added to the "mortgagee
clause" of the insurance policy. In the event the policy does not provide for
written notice of policy changes or cancellation, an endorsement adding such
provision is required. The borrower is required to obtain flood insurance to
the extent such insurance is available under the Flood Disaster Protection Act
of 1973, as amended.

         After a loan is underwritten, approved and funded, the mortgage loan
packages are reviewed by home office loan review personnel. A random sample of
the mortgage loan packages are subsequently subjected to a quality control
audit.

         Loan sales and securitizations. Substantially all of the loans
originated or purchased by the Company are sold. Since 1985, the Company has
sold loans originated by it in the secondary market, initially in transactions
with government-sponsored mortgage agencies or conduits, later in private
placement transactions with financial institutions and, since the second
quarter of 1993, through a shelf registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission by a subsidiary of the Company.
Approximately $2.9 billion of mortgage-backed pass-through certificates backed
primarily by first mortgage home equity loans originated directly or through
correspondents or mortgage brokers, or purchased and re-underwritten have been
registered under the registration statement and publicly sold since 1993. The
Company intends to continue to effect securitization transactions on a
quarterly basis, but the amount and timing of sales of securities under the
shelf registration statement will depend upon market and other conditions
affecting the operations of the Company.

         The following table reflects certain information regarding home equity
loan production, sales and securitizations during the indicated periods:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         1995                 1994                1993      
                                                    --------------        --------------      --------------
<S>                                                 <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Home equity loan production........................ $    1,541,537        $     908,821       $     539,868

Home equity loan sales............................. $    1,471,868        $     977,653       $     462,873

Average coupon on loans sold.......................          11.67%               11.80%              12.00%
                                                                         
Interest spread retained on loans sold.............           4.98%                4.49%               6.06%
</TABLE>


                                       6

<PAGE>   7



         The weighted average interest spread on loans sold (the difference
between the stated rate on the loan and the rate paid to purchasers, less
certain recurring fees) is determined without regard to expected credit losses.
Servicing rights are retained on substantially all loans sold.

          The Company's securitization transactions are credit enhanced and the
certificates issued pursuant thereto have received ratings of "Aaa" from
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and "AAA" (or "AAAr" in the case of variable
rate certificates) from Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill
Companies, Inc. Credit enhancement is achieved in part through a guaranty
provided by a third party insurer and by subordinating an amount (the
"Subordinated Amount") of the excess interest spread retained by the Company to
the payment of scheduled principal and interest on the certificates should
there be a shortfall in collections from borrowers in the form of monthly
mortgage payments during any given period. If cumulative payment defaults
exceed the Subordinated Amount, the third party insurer is obligated to pay any
further losses experienced by the owners of the pass-through certificates. The
Company has, from time to time, used the Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
("FGIC") and MBIA Insurance Corporation ("MBIA") as third party insurers. In
connection with the issuance of approximately $2.9 billion in pass-through
certificates discussed above, the Subordinated Amounts aggregate approximately
$426 million.

         Each pooling and servicing agreement that governs the distribution of
cash flows from the pooled loans requires the establishment of an account (the
"Reserve Account") that may require an initial deposit by the Company.
Thereafter, a portion of the excess interest is deposited in the Reserve
Account. There are no events that will require the aggregate deposits to the
Reserve Account to exceed the related Subordinated Amount. To the extent that
losses are incurred on the loans underlying the pass-through certificates
issued in a securitization transaction, such losses are paid out of the related
Reserve Account to the extent that funds are available.

         The Company derives a significant portion of its income by realizing
gains upon the sale of loans due to the excess servicing income of such loans.
Excess servicing income represents the excess of the interest rate payable by a
borrower on a loan over the interest rate passed through to the investor
acquiring an interest in such loan, less the Company's normal servicing fee and
other applicable recurring fees. When loans are sold, the Company recognizes as
current income the present value of the excess servicing income expected to be
realized over the anticipated average life of the loans sold less future
estimated credit losses relating to the loans sold. At December 31, 1995, the
Company's balance sheet reflected capitalized excess servicing income of
approximately $283 million and an allowance for loss on loans serviced of
approximately $45 million. The capitalized excess servicing income is computed
using prepayment, default and interest rate assumptions that the Company
believes market participants would use for similar instruments at the time of
sale. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the present value of
the balance of capitalized excess servicing income on home equity loans
reflected on the Company's balance sheet at December 31, 1995, was
approximately 10%. The Company is not aware of an active market for this kind
of receivable.  No assurance can be given that this receivable could in fact be
sold at its stated value on the balance sheet.

         Capitalized excess servicing income is amortized over the lesser of
the estimated or actual remaining life of the underlying loans as an offset
against the excess servicing income component of servicing income actually
received in connection with such loans. Although management of the Company
believes that it has made reasonable estimates of the excess servicing income
likely to be realized, it should be recognized that the rate of prepayment and
the amount of defaults utilized by the Company are estimates and actual
experience may vary from these estimates. The Company periodically reviews its
prepayment assumptions in relation to current rates of prepayment and, if
necessary, writes down the remaining asset to the net present value of the
estimated remaining future excess servicing income. Rapid increases in interest
rates or competitive pressures may result in a reduction of excess servicing
income, thereby reducing the gains recognized by the Company upon the sale of
loans in the future.



                                       7

<PAGE>   8



         The gain recognized by the Company upon the sale of loans will have
been overstated if the excess servicing income actually received by the Company
is less than originally assumed. An acceleration of future prepayments and/or
delinquencies could result in capitalized excess servicing income amortization
expense exceeding realized excess servicing income, thereby adversely affecting
the Company's servicing income.

         The ability of the Company to sell loans and/or mortgage-backed
securities in the secondary market, or an alternative source of funding loan
production, is essential for continuation of the Company's loan origination
operations. A prolonged, substantial reduction in the size of the secondary
market for home equity loans may adversely affect the Company's ability to sell
its loan originations and/or mortgage-backed securities in the secondary market
with consequent adverse impact on the Company's profitability and future
originations. Moreover, market and other considerations could affect the timing
of the Company's securitization transactions and delays in such sales could
reduce the amount of gains recognized from the sale of loans in a given
quarter.

         Loan Servicing. The Company retains the servicing on substantially all
loans it originates, including approximately 69,700 home equity loans with an
aggregate principal balance of $2.7 billion owned and/or serviced at December
31, 1995, up 60% from the prior year-end. The following services are performed
for investors to whom the Company has sold loans and for which it has retained
servicing: investor reporting; collecting and remitting periodic principal and
interest payments to investors and performing other administrative services,
including maintaining required escrow accounts for payment of real estate taxes
and standard hazard insurance; determining the adequacy of standard hazard
insurance; advising investors of delinquent loans; conducting foreclosure
proceedings, and inspecting and reporting on the physical condition of the
mortgaged properties securing the mortgage loans; and disposing of foreclosed
properties. The Company is generally obligated to advance interest on
delinquent loans to the secondary market investors at the applicable
pass-through rate until satisfaction of the note, liquidation of the mortgaged
property or charge off of the loan. To the extent that the amount recovered
through liquidation of collateral is insufficient to cover the unpaid balance
of the loan, the Company incurs a loss until such losses aggregate the limit
specified in the related loan sale agreement. In connection with its servicing
activities, the Company sends to borrowers payment coupon books that specify
the fixed payment amount and due date in the case of fixed-rate home equity
loans and the adjusted payment amount and due date in the case of
adjustable-rate home equity loans and the late payment amount, if any. Due
dates for payments generally occur on the first day of the calendar month. With
respect to adjustable-rate home equity loans, the Company provides written
notices to borrowers of upcoming rate adjustments along with new payment coupon
books reflecting the adjusted payment amounts.

         The Company, as master servicer, is required under each loan sale
agreement to service the mortgage loans either directly or through
sub-servicers. Substantially all servicing activities are centralized at the
home office.

         Under the terms of the pending sale of UCLIC, servicing of commercial
real estate loans owned by UCLIC and pass-through certificates owned by third
parties and UCLIC which are backed by commercial real estate loans originated
by UCLC will be transferred from UCLC to UCLIC at the closing of the sale.



                                       8

<PAGE>   9



         The contractual balance of loans owned and/or serviced by UCLC,
substantially all of which it originated, were as follows for the dates
indicated:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   December 31,            
                                                                  ---------------------------------------------
                                                                      1995             1994            1993    
                                                                  -----------      -----------     ------------
                                                                                 (in thousands)
      <S>                                                        <C>              <C>              <C>
      Owned and serviced:
        Home equity............................................. $  2,701,481     $  1,683,698     $  1,125,139
        Commercial..............................................      251,241          274,413          345,365
        Conventional............................................       58,554           74,294           98,277
        Manufactured housing....................................          888             -                -   
                                                                 ------------     ------------     ------------

      Total .................................................... $  3,012,164     $  2,032,405     $  1,568,781
                                                                 ============     ============     ============

      Total serviced for
         third party investors.................................. $  2,602,944     $  1,679,875     $  1,065,549
                                                                 ============     ============     ============

      Owned by the Company:
        Home equity............................................. $    236,987     $    203,651     $    318,334
        Commercial..............................................      169,990          147,722          183,065
        Conventional............................................        1,355            1,157            1,833
        Manufactured housing....................................          888             -                -   
                                                                 ------------     ------------     ------------

      Total .................................................... $    409,220     $    352,530     $    503,232
                                                                 ============     ============     ============
</TABLE>


         At December 31, 1995, the Company's home equity portfolio of
properties acquired in foreclosure or for which deeds in lieu of foreclosure
have been accepted and held by the Company pending disposition represented
approximately $8.5 million (excluding the allowance for loan losses
attributable to these properties). This amount may include the first mortgage
balance, delinquent first mortgage payments and certain advances made on the
property.

         When the Company believes that borrowers with existing loans with the
Company are likely to refinance such loans due to interest rate changes, equity
build-up or other reasons, the Company actively attempts to retain such
borrowers through solicitations of such borrowers to refinance with the
Company.  Such refinancings generate fee income and servicing income for the
Company.



                                       9

<PAGE>   10



         Delinquency and Loss Experience. The following two tables set forth
information relating to delinquency, loan loss and foreclosure experience for
the home equity loan portfolio serviced by the Company (including loans owned
by the Company) as of the dates and for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       December 31,                   
                                                 -----------------------------------------------------
                                                     1995                 1994               1993     
                                                 -------------       --------------      -------------
                                                                (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>                <C>               <C>
Number of home equity loans .....................         69,723           52,289           41,854
Dollar amount of home equity loans..............$      2,701,481   $    1,683,698    $   1,125,139
Delinquency period (1)
30-59 days ......................................           2.93%            2.40%            2.32%
60-89 days ......................................           0.91%            0.91%            1.02%
90 days and over ................................           4.31%            4.36%            4.92%

Foreclosed properties (2)
Owned by the Company ............................           0.31%            0.52%            1.51%
Serviced for third parties ......................           0.80%            0.70%            0.74%

Net write-offs - for the year ended .............           0.56%            0.84%            0.88%
</TABLE>

- ----------------------------

(1)  The dollar amount of delinquent home equity loans as a percentage of the
     total "dollar amount of home equity loans" as of the date indicated.
(2)  Foreclosed property as a percentage of home equity loans serviced.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Year Ended December 31,              
                                                --------------------------------------------------
                                                    1995               1994              1993     
                                                -------------     --------------    --------------
                                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>               <C>               <C>
Average dollar amount of home equity loans
         outstanding during period..............$  2,192,590      $   1,404,419     $     972,294

Net losses
         Gross Losses (1).......................$     13,818      $      12,745     $       9,114
         Recoveries (2).........................$     (1,597)     $      (1,051)    $        (566)
                                                -------------     --------------    -------------
         Net Losses (3).........................$     12,221      $      11,694     $       8,548
                                                ============      =============     =============
</TABLE>

- ----------------------------

(1)     "Gross Losses" are amounts which have been determined to be
        uncollectible relating to home equity loans for each respective period.

(2)     "Recoveries" are recoveries from liquidation proceeds and deficiency
        judgments.

(3)     "Net Losses" means "Gross Losses" minus "Recoveries".

        Loans are placed on a nonaccrual status when they are past due 150
days.

        The above delinquency and loan loss experience represents the Company's
recent experience. However, the delinquency, foreclosure and net loss
percentages may be affected by the increase in the size and relative lack of
seasoning of a substantial portion of the portfolio. In addition, the Company
can neither quantify the impact of


                                       10

<PAGE>   11



property value declines, if any, on the home equity loans nor predict whether,
to what extent or how long, such declines may exist. In a period of such
declines, the rates of delinquencies, foreclosures and losses on the home
equity loans could be higher than those theretofore experienced in the mortgage
lending industry in general. Adverse economic conditions (which may or may not
affect real property values) may affect the timely payment by borrowers of
scheduled payments of principal and interest on the home equity loans and,
accordingly, the actual rates of delinquencies, foreclosures and losses. As a
result, the information in the above tables should not be considered as a basis
for assessing the likelihood, amount or severity of delinquencies or losses in
the future on home equity loans and no assurance can be given that the
delinquency and loss experience presented in the tables will be indicative of
such experience on home equity loans.

LIFE INSURANCE

          Overview. United Companies Life Insurance Company ("UCLIC"), the
Company's wholly-owned life insurance company domiciled in Louisiana and
organized in 1955, is currently authorized to conduct business in 47 states,
the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The primary products of UCLIC are
deferred annuities marketed on a commission basis principally through financial
institutions and independent general agents and are generally sold to middle
income customers seeking tax deferred insurance products, primarily to provide
savings for retirement. During the fourth quarter of 1995, UCLIC added variable
annuities to its product line.

          At December 31, 1995, the invested assets of UCLIC consisted of $1.1
billion in investment grade fixed maturity securities (at amortized cost), $169
million of residential first mortgage loans and $170 million of commercial
mortgage loans. At December 31, 1995, the weighted average rating of its
publicly traded bond portfolio was "AA", the assets allocated to investments in
mortgage-backed securities were $778 million and the amount of non-investment
grade bonds in the portfolio was $22 million or 1.9% of the portfolio. During
1995, the net interest spread on the Company's annuity business was 2.37%
compared to 2.73% during 1994.

          Reserves for annuity policies constitute the Company's primary
liabilities. At December 31, 1995 total annuity reserves were $1.4 billion. The
duration of these liabilities is affected by a number of factors, including
interest rates, surrender penalties, ratings, public confidence in the
insurance industry generally and in the Company specifically, governmental
regulations and tax laws. Since insurance commissions incurred at the
origination of annuity policies are generally deferred and recognized over the
estimated life of the policies, any unexpected increase in surrenders of
annuity contracts would require more rapid recognition of these expenses,
thereby adversely impacting profitability.

          Recent Developments. On February 2, 1996, the Company signed a stock
purchase agreement dated as of January 30, 1996, for the sale of all of the
outstanding capital stock of UCLIC to UC Life Holding Corp., a new Delaware
corporation formed by Knightsbridge Capital Fund I, L.P. for an aggregate
amount of $164 million plus earnings of UCLIC from January 1, 1996, to closing
of the transaction. Knightsbridge, which is a private investment partnership
with institutional partners, was formed in 1995 to make equity investments in
companies engaged primarily in the life insurance industry.

          Under the terms of the agreement, the sales price is comprised of
cash, currently estimated to be $109 million and UCLIC real estate and other
assets to be distributed to the Company prior to the closing. The real estate
to be distributed includes portions of the United Plaza office park, including
the Company's home office. In addition, the Company will purchase a convertible
promissory note from an affiliate of the purchaser for $15 million in cash. The
note matures in 11 years and bears interest at 8% per annum payable at
maturity.

          The purchaser also agreed that UCLIC would continue to be an investor
in first lien home equity loans originated by the Company's lending operations
and that UCLIC's home office operations would be maintained in its present
location in Baton Rouge, Louisiana following the closing for at least two
years.  The agreement is subject to approval by UCFC's shareholders and
regulatory authorities and the satisfaction of other conditions, and provides
that the closing will occur on or before July 31, 1996.


                                       11

<PAGE>   12



          Principal Products. The principal products marketed by UCLIC since
1978 have been deferred annuity contracts. A single premium, currently
averaging approximately $21,000, is received on the sale of these contracts.
The contracts typically guarantee an interest crediting rate for the first
policy year.  Thereafter, the interest crediting rate generally may be adjusted
by UCLIC at any time (subject to certain minimum crediting rates stated in the
contract). A policyholder is permitted at any time to withdraw all or part of
the accumulated premium plus the amount of interest credited on the policy,
less a surrender charge if applicable. The initial surrender charge typically
ranges from 9-10% of the initial premium and decreases to zero during a penalty
period of from five to ten years. Approximately 78% of UCLIC annuity policies
at December 31, 1995 were subject to a surrender penalty.

          UCLIC produced $136 million and $250 million in sales of annuity
products during the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The
Company believes that the decrease in annuity sales in 1995 is due in part to
the interest rate environment, particularly the relative relationship between
short term and intermediate term interest rates, and to the focus of the
Company's resources on development of the variable annuity product. In
addition, a financial institution which produced approximately 10% of UCLIC's
annuity sales in 1994 discontinued the sale of annuities for UCLIC in 1995
subsequent to the merger of such financial institution.

         The interest earned on the annuity contract accumulates on a
tax-deferred basis until withdrawal by the policyholder. The deferred annuity
contracts written by UCLIC generally provide a death benefit equal to the
amount of the accumulated premium plus accumulated interest earned less the
amount of any prior withdrawals.

         The following table presents UCLIC's annuity sales by state by percent
of total premiums for the periods indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                  -----------------------
         State                                      1995          1994  
         -----                                    --------      --------
         <S>                                       <C>           <C>
         Florida...............................     21.8%         28.9%
         Missouri..............................     20.9          10.3
         Louisiana.............................      9.8          13.7
         Illinois..............................      9.8           8.6
         Texas.................................      7.3           5.8
         All others............................     30.4          32.7
                                                   -----         -----
            Total..............................    100.0%        100.0%
                                                   =====         =====
</TABLE>

         No other state individually accounted for more than 7% of premium
income during 1995 or 1994.

         Distribution. UCLIC's strategy of marketing through financial
institutions and independent general agents allows it to avoid substantial
sales management office expense and to expand its sales efforts without
significant development expense. Because financial institutions and independent
general agents usually offer the products of several insurance companies, UCLIC
must continue to provide products with competitive terms, interest crediting
rates, commissions and service to both policyholders and the selling
institutions and independent general agents. During 1995, UCLIC continued to
focus on expanding the independent general agent share of its distribution
network. Of the annuity contracts sold during 1995, approximately 55% of the
total dollar amount were attributable to sales by independent general agents
compared to 46% in 1994.

         Reinsurance. UCLIC generally limits the amount of insurance risk that
it assumes with respect to any one insured to $100,000 and for larger policies
follows industry practice of reinsuring that portion of the risk in excess of
established retention limits. UCLIC, however, remains contingently liable for
insurance ceded to reinsurers and remains liable to the policyholder in the
event the reinsurer is unable to meet the obligations assumed under the
reinsurance agreement. Reinsurance is currently ceded primarily to the
following companies: First Capital Life Insurance Company of Louisiana ("First
Capital") (not affiliated with First Capital Holding Company of California),
Aetna Life Insurance Company ("Aetna") Continental Assurance Company
("Continental"), American United Life


                                       12

<PAGE>   13
Insurance Company ("American United") and Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance
Company ("Transamerica"). American United and Transamerica are rated "A+"
(Superior) by Best at December 31, 1995. Aetna and Continental are rated "A"
(Excellent), and First Capital is rated "B" (Adequate). In the case of First
Capital, the dollar amount of reserve credit taken by UCLIC is held in trust for
the benefit of UCLIC.

         Life Insurance and Annuity Reserves. In accordance with applicable
insurance regulations, UCLIC records as liabilities in its statutory financial
statements actuarially determined reserves that are calculated to meet future
obligations under outstanding insurance. The reserves are based on statutorily
recognized methods using prescribed morbidity and mortality tables and interest
rates. Reserves include unearned premiums, premium deposits, claims that have
been reported but are not yet paid, claims that have been incurred but have not
been reported, and claims in the process of settlement. UCLIC reserves satisfy
minimum statutory requirements.

         The annuity reserves reflected in the Consolidated Financial
Statements are calculated based on generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP"). As of December 31, 1995, annuity reserves were $1.4 billion, policy
benefit reserves were $111.2 million, and unearned premium reserves related to
credit insurance were $1.8 million. These reserves are based upon UCLIC's best
estimates of mortality, persistency, expenses and investment income, with
appropriate provisions for adverse statistical deviation and the use of the net
level premium method for all non-interest sensitive products and the
retrospective deposit method for interest-sensitive products. GAAP reserves
differ from statutory reserves due to the use of different assumptions
regarding mortality and interest rates and the introduction of lapse
assumptions into the GAAP reserve calculation. See Note 1 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding reserve
assumptions under GAAP.

         Investments. The investment function of UCLIC is overseen by an
investment committee comprised of senior management, with the assistance of
outside investment advisors in the management of certain assets. UCLIC's
investment policy seeks to achieve attractive returns on a low to moderate risk
portfolio of investments. These investments, primarily bonds and mortgage
loans, must be within regulatory constraints to qualify as permitted assets,
and within the yield, risk and maturity limitations established by UCLIC as
necessary for meeting its objectives.

         The investment strategy continues to focus on maintaining the
percentage of UCLIC's invested assets committed to commercial and residential
mortgages and to investment grade corporate bonds and mortgage-backed
securities.


                                       13

<PAGE>   14



         The following table sets forth, at December 31, 1995, certain
information regarding UCLIC's invested assets:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Amortized        Percent of
                                                                                  Cost              Total   
                                                                              -------------      -----------
                                                                                  (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                           <C>                   <C>
Fixed Maturity Securities (1)                                                 
      U.S. Government, government agencies & authorities....................  $      11,504            .7%
      Foreign governments and other.........................................         20,819           1.3
      Corporate bonds.......................................................        345,238          21.6
      Mortgage-backed.......................................................        778,410          48.8
                                                                              -------------        ------
         Total..............................................................      1,155,971          72.4
                                                                              
Mortgage loans on real estate ..............................................        345,181          21.6
Short-term investments......................................................         22,804           1.4
Investment in limited partnerships..........................................         25,594           1.6
Real estate - investment properties.........................................         22,845           1.4
Policy loans................................................................         20,291           1.3
Capitalized excess servicing income.........................................          2,469            .2
Common and preferred stocks.................................................          1,012            .1
                                                                              -------------        ------
         Total..............................................................  $   1,596,167         100.0%
                                                                              =============        ======
</TABLE>
- --------------------
(1)   Generally stated at amortized cost adjusted for permanent impairment in
      value. Total fair value of fixed maturities at December 31, 1995 was
      approximately $1.2 billion, representing net unrealized gain of $43.5
      million.

         As reflected in the following table, the carrying value of UCLIC's
investments classified as investment grade at December 31, 1995 was $1.1
billion or 94% of the fixed maturity portfolio:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                             
                                                                                                    Percent of
                                              Amortized           Fair             Carrying       Total Carrying
Investment Quality (1)                          Cost              Value              Value             Value     
                                            -------------     -------------      -------------    ---------------
                                                                    (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                         <C>               <C>                <C>                   <C>
Aaa.......................................  $     734,721     $     756,251      $     756,251          62.9%
Aa........................................         25,255            26,768             26,768           2.2
A.........................................        227,800           244,562            244,434          20.3
Baa.......................................        101,321           107,447            107,306           9.0
                                            -------------     -------------      -------------     ---------
Total Investment Grade....................      1,089,097         1,135,028          1,134,759          94.4
Ba and below..............................         21,980            22,093             22,093           1.9
Not rated.................................         44,894            42,369             44,894           3.7
                                            -------------     -------------      -------------     ---------
Total Fixed Maturities....................  $   1,155,971     $   1,199,490      $   1,201,746         100.0%
                                            =============     =============      =============     =========
</TABLE>
 --------------------
 (1)  Fixed maturity investments are classified according to the ratings
      assigned by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or, in the absence of such
      rating, by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC")
      whose ratings operate as follows: NAIC Class 1 was assumed equivalent to
      an A rating; NAIC Class 2, BBB/Baa; and NAIC Classes 3-6, BB/Ba and
      below.

         As a significant percentage of UCLIC's investment portfolio is
invested in fixed rate, fixed maturity investments, the fair value of these
investments is sensitive to changes in market rates of interest. In a rising
interest rate environment, the fair value of these investments would be
expected to decrease in value. An unanticipated increase in policy surrenders
or claims could impact UCLIC's liquidity and require the sale of certain
assets, such as bonds, prior to their maturity at a loss.



                                       14

<PAGE>   15



         Fixed maturity investments. As of December 31, 1995, the amortized
cost of UCLIC's fixed maturity investments totaled $1.2 billion or
approximately 72.4% of UCLIC's invested assets. The fair value of fixed
maturity investments at that date exceeded the amortized cost by approximately
$43.5 million. In accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB") Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115
("SFAS 115"), the Company classifies its securities in one of three categories:
"available-for-sale", "held-to-maturity" or "trading". Securities classified as
held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost, whereas securities classified
as trading securities or available-for-sale are recorded at fair value. The
adjustment, net of applicable income taxes, for investments classified as
available-for-sale is recorded in "Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities"
and is included in stockholders' equity on the balance sheet and the adjustment
for investments classified as trading is recorded in "Investment income" in the
statement of income. UCLIC may for business or regulatory reasons be required
to sell certain of its investments prior to maturity, and in some cases these
sales may be made at times when the fair value is less than carrying value,
thereby resulting in a loss in the statements of income for financial and
statutory reporting purposes.

         At December 31, 1995, 48.8% of UCLIC's total invested assets were
invested in mortgage-backed securities. These mortgage-backed securities
consist principally of collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed
pass-through securities. Mortgage-backed securities generally are
collateralized by mortgages backed by GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC. Only GNMA mortgages
are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government.
Certain mortgage-backed securities are subject to significant prepayment risk.
In periods of declining interest rates, mortgages may be repaid more rapidly
than scheduled as individuals refinance higher-rate mortgages to take advantage
of lower interest rates. As a result, holders of mortgage-backed securities may
receive large prepayments on their investments that cannot be reinvested at an
interest rate comparable to the rate on the prepaid mortgage. In addition to
decreased investment yields, earnings could also be affected by capital gains
or losses realized on these prepayments since the carrying value of securities
purchased at a discount or premium may be different than the amount received
upon prepayment. UCLIC has reduced the prepayment risk associated with
mortgage-backed securities by investing in planned amortization class ("PAC")
instruments. These instruments are designed to amortize in a predictable manner
by shifting the primary risk of prepayment of the underlying collateral to
other investors. PAC instruments represented approximately 54% of UCLIC's
investments in mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 1995.

         Mortgage loans on real estate. At December 31, 1995, the contractual
balance of UCLIC's portfolio of loans was comprised of $169 million in first
mortgage residential home equity loans and $170 million in first mortgage
commercial real estate loans substantially all of which were originated by the
Company's mortgage lending subsidiaries. Since 1991, UCLIC has limited its
investment in commercial real estate mortgage loans and has from time to time
refinanced commercial mortgage loans sold in commercial mortgage loan
securitization transactions in 1990. The principal balance of loans sold in
these transactions which are scheduled to mature in 1996 is $12.1 million.
During 1995, UCLIC invested approximately $21.3 million in new commercial real
estate loans originated by UCLC and refinanced $18.2 million of existing
commercial real estate mortgage loans. The mortgage loan portfolio of UCLIC is
serviced by UCLC. UCLIC has full credit recourse to UCLC with respect to
substantially all of the residential mortgage loans acquired from such
subsidiary. The servicing of the commercial loan portfolio will be transferred
from UCLC to UCLIC under the terms of the proposed sale of UCLIC by the
Company.  See "Life Insurance - Recent Developments" above.

         Historically, UCLIC has purchased on an interim basis substantially
all of the first mortgage home equity loans originated by the Company's
mortgage lending subsidiaries. These loans are typically held by UCLIC for
short time periods (typically no longer than 90 days) and then sold back to the
Company's mortgage lending subsidiaries prior to their sale in securitization
transactions.

         Mortgage loans are carried at amortized cost less valuation
adjustments for permanently impaired value where appropriate. Commercial
mortgages range in size up to approximately $1.9 million with an average loan
size of approximately $.6 million. At origination, substantially all of the
mortgages are on properties with existing leases rather than on properties in
construction or on start-up properties. The origination of commercial mortgages
is


                                       15

<PAGE>   16



subject to underwriting procedures, including: (i) maximum loan to value ratio
of 75% of the property's appraised value; (ii) specified debt coverage
requirements; (iii) on-site inspections; (iv) third-party appraisals; and (v)
personal guarantees of borrowers. The weighted average interest rate on UCLIC's
commercial mortgage loan portfolio was 9.83% and 10.07% at December 31, 1995
and 1994, respectively.

         UCLIC's commercial mortgage portfolio is diversified by property type,
location and borrower. The following table provides information at December 31,
1995 regarding UCLIC's commercial mortgage loans on real estate by property
type, state and contractual maturity.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                Percent of
                                                                                Amount            Total     
                                                                             ------------     --------------
                                                                                 (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                          <C>                   <C>
Commercial Mortgage Loans by Property Type:
      Retail...............................................................  $     74,321           43.9%
      Office...............................................................        43,527           25.7
      Office and Warehouse.................................................        38,888           22.9
      Other................................................................        12,775            7.5
                                                                             ------------         ------
         Total.............................................................  $    169,511          100.0%
                                                                             ============         ======

Commercial Mortgage Loans by State:
      Florida..............................................................  $     37,475           22.1%
      Georgia..............................................................        32,530           19.2
      Colorado.............................................................        21,428           12.6
      Virginia.............................................................        13,873            8.2
      Tennessee............................................................        12,316            7.3
      Texas................................................................         9,750            5.8
      All Others...........................................................        42,139           24.8
                                                                             ------------         ------
         Total.............................................................  $    169,511          100.0%
                                                                            =============         ====== 

Commercial Mortgage Loans by Contractual Maturity:
      1996.................................................................  $     26,316           15.5%
      1997.................................................................        17,781           10.5
      1998.................................................................        19,633           11.6
      1999.................................................................        16,387            9.7
      After 1999...........................................................        89,394           52.7
                                                                             ------------         ------
         Total.............................................................  $    169,511          100.0%
                                                                             ============         ====== 
</TABLE>


         At December 31, 1995, UCLIC owned $13.6 million of commercial
properties obtained through foreclosure. For substantially all commercial
mortgages which UCLIC has foreclosed, an independent appraisal was obtained
and, if warranted, UCLIC established a specific reserve based on its judgment
as to the amount which may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 1995, the
specific reserve amounted to $3.3 million.

         The Company also establishes a general reserve for all commercial
mortgages where a specific reserve or write-down has not been established. As
of December 31, 1995, the general reserve amounted to $5.1 million.




                                       16

<PAGE>   17



RATINGS.

         The ability of an insurance company to compete successfully depends in
part on its financial strength, operating performance and claims-paying ability
as rated by A.M. Best Company ("Best") and other rating agencies. UCLIC is
currently rated "A-" (Excellent) by Best. Best's 15 categories of ratings for
insurance companies currently range from "A++" (Superior) to "F" (In
Liquidation). According to Best, an "A" or "A-" rating is assigned to companies
which, in Best's opinion, have achieved excellent overall performance when
compared to the standards of the life insurance industry and generally have
demonstrated a strong ability to meet their obligations to policyholders over a
long period of time. In evaluating a company's statutory financial and
operating performance, Best reviews the company's statutory profitability,
leverage and liquidity, as well as the company's spread of risk, quality and
appropriateness of its reinsurance program, quality and diversification of
assets, the adequacy of its policy reserves and surplus, capital structure and
the experience and competency of its management. Best ratings are based upon
factors of concern to policyholders, agents and intermediaries and are not
directed toward the protection of investors.

         On October 24, 1995, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. ("Duff & Phelps")
placed the 'A+' (Single-A-Plus) claims paying ability rating of UCLIC on Rating
Watch--Uncertain. This rating action is based upon the announcement by the
Company that it was evaluating strategic alternatives regarding UCLIC,
including the possible sale of UCLIC. Duff and Phelps reported that the claims
paying ability rating would remain on Rating Watch--Uncertain until more
information becomes known about UCLIC's ultimate position within the Company's
organization or another organization. During 1995, Standard & Poor's, a
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., revised the rating scale used in
assigning its qualified solvency ratings of insurance companies and, as a
result, revised its rating assigned to UCLIC from "BBq" to "Aq". The Company
believes that UCLIC's present ratings will enable it to continue to compete
successfully. Ratings held by UCLIC are important to maintaining public
confidence in UCLIC and its ability to market its annuity products. A lower
rating could materially and adversely affect UCLIC's ability to market its
products. particularly the sale of annuities through financial institutions and
could increase the surrender of its annuity policies. Both of these
consequences could, depending upon the extent thereof, have a materially
adverse effect on the Company's liquidity and, under certain circumstances, net
income.

OTHER OPERATIONS

         The Company has developed an office park that includes its home office
building, which has approximately 94,000 square feet. In addition to its home
office building completed in 1981, the Company constructed a 200,000 square
foot office building in the park in 1984 at a cost of $12.8 million. This
building was approximately 100% leased at December 31, 1995. During 1990,
construction of a 100,000 square foot office building in the office park was
completed by a partnership in which United Companies Realty and Development
Co., Inc. ("UC Realty"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a general
partner. The office building was 94% leased at December 31, 1995. During 1995,
UC Realty completed construction of a 60,000 square feet office building on
property also located in the office park. The Company uses approximately 30,000
square feet of this building and leases the remainder.

         The Company also engages in telecommunications business and property
management with respect to its office park and a homeowners insurance agency,
none of which are material to its operations.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

         For a discussion of Discontinued Operations see Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
"Discontinued Operations" and Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.


                                       17

<PAGE>   18



GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND LEGISLATIOn

         GENERAL

         The Company's mortgage and insurance businesses are subject to
extensive regulation, supervision and licensing by federal and state
authorities. Regulated matters include, without limitation, maximum interest
rates and fees which may be charged by the Company, disclosures in connection
with loan originations, credit reporting requirements, servicing requirements,
insurance premium rates and coverage issues, federal and state taxation, and
multiple qualification and licensing requirements for doing business in various
jurisdictions. While the Company believes that it maintains all requisite
licenses, permits and approvals and is in compliance in all material respects
with applicable federal and state regulations, there can be no assurance that
more restrictive laws or regulations will not be adopted which could make
compliance in the future more difficult and/or more expensive. Legislative and
regulatory proposals are frequently advanced which, if adopted, could adversely
affect the Company's profitability or the manner in which the Company conducts
its activities.

         MORTGAGE

         The Company's mortgage operations are subject to extensive regulation,
supervision and licensing by federal and state authorities. Regulated matters
include, without limitation, maximum interest rates and fees which may be
charged by the Company, disclosure in connection with loan originations, credit
reporting requirements, servicing requirements, federal and state taxation, and
multiple qualification and licensing requirements for doing business in various
jurisdictions.

         The Company's loan origination activities are subject to the laws and
regulations in each of the states in which those activities are conducted. The
Company's activities as a lender are also subject to various federal laws
including the Truth-in-Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act,
the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and the Fair
Credit Reporting Act.

         In the course of its business, the Company may acquire properties
securing loans that are in default. There is a risk that hazardous or toxic
waste could be found on such properties. In such event, the Company could be
held responsible for the cost of cleaning up or removing such waste, and such
cost could exceed the value of the underlying properties.

         There are currently proposed various laws, rules and regulations
which, if adopted, could impact the Company. There can be no assurance that
these proposed laws, rules and regulations, or other such laws, rules or
regulations, will not be adopted in the future which could make compliance much
more difficult or expensive, restrict the Company's ability to originate,
broker or sell loans, further limit or restrict the amount of commissions,
interest and other charges earned on loans originated or sold by the Company,
or otherwise adversely affect the business or prospects of the Company.

         LIFE INSURANCE

         General Regulation. UCLIC is subject to regulation by the State of
Louisiana, its state of domicile, and the other states in which it transacts
business. The laws of such states are designed for the protection of
policyholders rather than securityholders. UCLIC is a member of a holding
company system in Louisiana. All transactions within a holding company system
affecting insurers must be both reasonable in relation to its outstanding
liabilities and adequate for its needs. State laws also require prior notice or
regulatory agency approval of changes in control of an insurer or its holding
company and of material intercorporate transfers of assets within the holding
company structure. Generally, under insurance holding company statutes, a state
insurance authority must approve in advance the direct or indirect acquisition
of 10% or more of the voting securities of an insurance company chartered in
its state.



                                       18

<PAGE>   19



         The laws of the various states establish regulatory agencies with
broad administrative powers to approve policy forms, grant and revoke licenses
to transact business, regulate trade practices, license agents, and prescribe
the type and amount of investments permitted. Insurance companies are required
to file detailed annual statements with the state insurance regulators in each
of the states in which they do business, and their business and accounts are
subject to examination by such agencies at any time. In addition, insurance
regulators periodically examine the insurer's financial condition, adherence to
statutory accounting practices, and compliance with insurance department rules
and regulations.

         As part of their routine regulatory oversight process, state insurance
departments conduct detailed examinations periodically (generally once every
three years) of the books, records and accounts of insurance companies
domiciled in their states. Such examinations are generally conducted in
cooperation with the departments of two or three other states under guidelines
promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC").
UCLIC's last examination occurred during 1994 for the three year period ended
December 31, 1993. Final reports issued by the Louisiana Commissioner of
Insurance did not raise any significant issues or adjustments.

         Regulation at Federal Level. Although the federal government generally
does not directly regulate the insurance business, federal initiatives often
have an impact on the business in a variety of ways. Current and proposed
federal measures that may significantly affect the insurance business include
limitations on antitrust immunity, minimum solvency requirements and the
removal of barriers restricting banks from engaging in the insurance and mutual
fund business.

         Congress has from time to time in the past considered possible
legislation that would adversely affect the federal income tax treatment of
certain annuity products offered by UCLIC. There can be no assurance that
future tax legislation will not contain provisions that may result in adverse
effects on UCLIC's products.

COMPETITION

         As a marketer of credit and annuity products, the Company faces
intense competition. Traditional competitors in the financial services business
include other mortgage banking companies, commercial banks, credit unions,
thrift institutions, credit card issuers and finance companies. Competitors in
the annuity business include an increasing number of insurance companies which
have begun to offer annuity products. Many of these competitors in the
financial services and annuity business are substantially larger and have more
capital and other resources than the Company. Competition can take many forms
including convenience in obtaining a loan or annuity, customer service,
marketing and distribution channels and interest or crediting rates. In
addition, the current level of gains realized by the Company and its existing
competitors on the sale of its and their non-conventional loans could attract
additional competitors into this market with the possible effect of lowering
gains on future loan sales as the result of increased loan origination
competition.

ITEM 2.  Properties

         The Company's executive offices are located in its home office
building in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Company occupies all of its home office
building which has approximately 94,000 square feet. UCLIC and the executive
offices of the Company's mortgage lending subsidiaries are located at the
Company's home office building and adjacent investment property. At December
31, 1995, the retail division of the Company's mortgage lending operations were
conducted in 39 states from 5 locations owned by the Company in 5 cities and
from 145 additional leased offices in 142 cities. The offices owned or leased
range in size from approximately 600 square feet to 3,200 square feet; leases
expire from 1996 to 2001, excluding renewal options. During 1995, aggregate
annual rental expense for leased office space was approximately $3.9 million.
Management believes that the properties are adequately maintained and insured,
and satisfactorily meet the requirements of the business conducted therein.



                                       19

<PAGE>   20


ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings

         The nature of the Company's business is such that it is routinely
involved in litigation and is a party to or subject to other items of pending
or threatened litigation. Although the outcome of certain of these matters
cannot be predicted, management of the Company believes, based upon information
currently available, that the resolution of these various matters will not
result in any material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition.

         The remaining affairs of the Company's subsidiary, Foster Mortgage
Corporation ("FMC"), a discontinued operation, are now being concluded under
the supervision of a bankruptcy court. On December 21, 1993, the institutional
lenders under FMC's primary credit facility (the "FMC Institutional Lenders")
filed a petition in the U.S. bankruptcy court to cause the remaining affairs of
FMC to be concluded under the supervision of the bankruptcy court. The FMC
Institutional Lenders filed and the bankruptcy court approved a plan of
liquidation for FMC providing for the appointment of a trustee selected by the
FMC Institutional Lenders. The FMC Institutional Lenders allege that FMC has
certain claims against the Company, including a claim with respect to the
Company's alleged failure to remit all sums due FMC regarding federal income
taxes under a tax agreement among the Company and its subsidiaries, including
FMC, estimated by the FMC Institutional Lenders to range from $2.1 million to
$29 million. FMC and the Company executed, subject to the approval of the
bankruptcy court, a settlement agreement relating to payments between FMC and
the Company in connection with the federal income tax benefits resulting from
FMC's losses and to certain prior intercompany payments between FMC and the
Company. The settlement agreement included a release by FMC in favor of the
Company of any and all claims relating to federal income taxes. The FMC
Institutional Lenders opposed the proposed settlement agreement. At the
conclusion of a hearing on the proposed settlement on August 18, 1994, the
bankruptcy court approved the portion of the settlement providing for a net
payment by the Company of $1.65 million to FMC in satisfaction of the federal
income tax benefits resulting from FMC's losses and the release of any claims
regarding federal income taxes. The Company had previously recorded
substantially all of the impact of this portion of the settlement in its prior
financial statements. The bankruptcy court declined to approve the other
portion of the proposed settlement relating to payments received by the Company
from FMC within twelve months of the bankruptcy filing. If the Company were
required to refund such payments, the Company has estimated the potential
additional loss to be $1.9 million, net of tax benefits. The decision of the
bankruptcy court on the settlement was appealed by the FMC Institutional
Lenders to the U.S.  District Court which affirmed the bankruptcy court's
decision. The FMC Institutional Lenders then appealed this decision to the U.S.
Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. In a decision rendered on November 9, 1995, the
U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the district court, vacated the
settlement between FMC and the Company and remanded the matter for further
proceedings. The trustee under the plan of liquidation has filed an adversary
proceeding in the bankruptcy proceedings against the Company seeking avoidance
of alleged preferential payments totaling $3.72 million and has also instituted
a suit in federal court against the Company alleging claims under the tax
agreement estimated to range from $2 million to $29 million. Management of the
Company does not believe that any additional amounts are owed by the Company to
FMC or the trustee and intends to vigorously contest the claims which have been
brought against it for such amounts by the trustee under the plan of
liquidation. The Company did not guarantee any debt of FMC.


ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         None.


                                       20


<PAGE>   21
                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER
        MATTERS


Common Stock Prices and Dividends

         The Company's Common Stock is traded on the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System/National Stock Market ("the
Nasdaq Stock Market") under the symbol "UCFC". The following table sets forth
for the periods indicated the high and low sale prices of the Company's Common
Stock as reported on the National Stock Market and the per share cash dividends
declared.  All amounts have been adjusted for stock dividends.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     SALES PRICES                 CASH
                                               HIGH              LOW            DIVIDENDS
                                               ----              ---            ---------
<S>                                         <C>             <C>                 <C>
1995
    First Quarter ........................  $  18.250       $    11.375         $    .05
    Second Quarter .......................     23.375            11.375              .05
    Third Quarter (1).....................     36.750            22.125              .05
    Fourth Quarter........................     37.375            25.500              .05
                                                                                --------
       Total..............................                                      $    .20 
                                                                                ========


1994
    First Quarter ........................  $  21.821       $    17.161         $  .0455
    Second Quarter .......................     19.093            14.320            .0455
    Third Quarter ........................     20.116            14.433            .0455
    Fourth Quarter (2) ...................     15.911            11.000            .0455
                                                                                --------
       Total .............................                                      $  .1820
                                                                                ========
</TABLE>


- --------------------

(1)      On August 23, 1995, the Company announced a 100% Common Stock dividend
         payable on October 20, 1995, to stockholders of record on October 9,
         1995.

(2)      On October 26, 1994, the Company announced a 10% Common Stock dividend
         payable on January 10, 1995, to stockholders of record on December 22,
         1994.

         The Company has declared and paid regular quarterly cash dividends on
its Common Stock since 1974. While the Company intends to continue to pay
regular quarterly cash dividends on its Common Stock, its ability to do so will
be subject to its earnings, financial condition, capital and regulatory
requirements, credit facility restrictions and such other factors as the
Company's Board of Directors may consider relevant. (See Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -
Liquidity and Capital Resources.)

                 Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders

                                             Approximate Number of Shareholders
            Title of Class                          As of March 12, 1996       
            --------------                   ----------------------------------
    Common Stock, $2.00 par value                           3,084



                                       21

<PAGE>   22



ITEM 6.           SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The selected financial data set forth below are derived from the
Company's audited Consolidated Financial Statements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year Ended December 31, (1) (3)
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1995          1994           1993          1992            1991
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    ------------
                                                         (dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
INCOME STATEMENT DATA:......................
Interest, charges and fees on loans         $  128,665     $  111,994     $   92,737    $   89,780     $    88,078
Loan sale gains.............................   142,156         86,735         59,441        33,475          29,627
Investment income...........................   104,062         84,666         75,527        65,548          61,828
Loan servicing income.......................    14,559         19,926         13,624        13,616          11,594
Net insurance premiums......................     8,508         11,373         18,684        22,860          36,269
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------     -----------
Total revenues..............................   397,950        314,694        260,013       225,279         227,396
Total expenses..............................   283,186        230,620        216,952       204,664         219,580
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------     -----------
Income from continuing operations
   before income taxes......................   114,764         84,074         43,061        20,615           7,816
Provision for income taxes..................    41,805         29,492         14,744         7,601           3,164
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    ------------
Income from continuing operations               72,959         54,582         28,317        13,014           4,652
Income (loss) from discontinued
   operations...............................    (3,491)        (5,048)       (16,742)       (2,768)          6,824
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    ------------
  Net income ............................... $  69,468     $   49,534     $   11,575    $   10,246     $    11,476
                                             ==========    ===========    ===========   ===========    ============

PER SHARE DATA (4):
Primary:
  Income from continuing operations          $    2.39     $     1.92     $     1.26    $      .66     $       .24
  Income (loss) from discontinued
   operations...............................      (.11)          (.18)          (.75)         (.14)            .34
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    ------------
  Net income ............................... $    2.28     $     1.74     $      .51    $      .52     $       .58
                                             ==========    ===========    ===========   ===========    ============
Fully Diluted:
  Income from continuing operations          $    2.36     $     1.92     $     1.20    $      .66     $       .24
  Income (loss) from discontinued
          operations........................      (.11)          (.18)          (.71)         (.14)            .34
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
  Net income  .............................. $    2.25     $     1.74     $      .49    $      .52     $       .58
                                             ==========    ===========    ===========   ===========    ============


Weighted average shares outstanding
     Primary................................    30,501          28,490        22,208        19,834          19,766
     Fully diluted..........................    30,903          28,490        23,706        19,834          19,766


Cash dividends.............................. $     .20     $     .1818    $    .1546    $    .1364     $     .1278
Stockholders' equity - year end (2)          $   10.52     $      5.67    $     5.73    $     4.85     $      4.47
</TABLE>



                                       22

<PAGE>   23




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Year Ended December 31                           
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1995            1994            1993           1992             1991   
                                                 ------------    -----------     -----------    -----------     ------------
                                                                           (dollars in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>            <C>             <C>                            <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA - YEAR END:
  Investment securities - net (2)................ $ 1,218,353    $ 1,044,842     $   902,091    $   759,354     $  376,966
  Loans -net.....................................     413,574        369,382         517,720        502,229        604,942
  Capitalized excess servicing income............     283,454        179,065         113,192         72,062         53,942
  Deferred policy acquisition costs..............      90,703         91,915          83,495         80,007         78,599
  Total assets...................................   2,366,886      1,978,255       1,817,153      1,627,900      1,492,816
  Annuity reserves...............................   1,417,803      1,425,973       1,294,983      1,147,555      1,014,649
  Notes payable..................................     255,756        213,668         155,500        206,850        200,447
  Total liabilities..............................   1,984,935      1,823,005       1,663,785      1,531,642      1,404,382
  Stockholders' equity (2).......................     381,951        155,250         153,368         96,258         88,434

OTHER DATA:
  Mortgage
    Total loan production........................ $ 1,562,788    $   913,319     $   545,229    $   321,198     $  328,184
    Home equity loan production..................   1,541,537        908,821         539,868        301,234        253,613
    Average home equity loan size................          49             41              39             28             24
    Home equity loans serviced -
      year end...................................   2,701,481      1,683,698       1,125,139        819,448        703,922
    Total loans serviced - year end..............   3,012,164      2,032,405       1,568,781      1,367,822      1,344,388
    Average coupon on home equity
      loans produced.............................        11.6%          11.7%           11.8%          13.4%            N/A
    Loan origination fees as % of home
      equity loans...............................         4.4%           5.9%            7.0%           7.9%           8.2%
    Weighted average interest spread
      retained on home equity loans sold.........        4.98%          4.49%           6.06%          4.56%          4.42%

  Life Insurance
    Annuity sales................................ $    135,534   $   249,737     $   207,682 $      187,050     $  175,796
    Net interest spread on
      annuities .................................         2.37%         2.73%           2.20%          1.84%          1.88%
    Investment grade bonds as %
      of invested assets.........................         68.2%         69.6%           59.6%          54.3%          25.1%
</TABLE>


(1)  On April 10, 1995, the Company decided to dispose of its investment in its
     wholly-owned subsidiary, United General Title Insurance Company ("UGTIC"),
     and on May 1, 1995 approved a formal plan of disposal. Previously, on May
     7, 1993, the Company announced its decision to dispose of the net assets
     and operations of Foster Mortgage Corporation ("FMC"), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of the Company. The operations of UGTIC and FMC have been
     reclassified as discontinued operations and the prior years' financial
     statements of the Company included herewith have been restated
     accordingly.

(2)  During the first quarter of 1994, the Company implemented the provisions
     of FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 ("SFAS 115"),
     which revised the method of accounting for certain of the Company's
     investments. Prior to adoption of SFAS 115, the Company reported its
     investments in fixed income investments at amortized cost, adjusted for
     declines in value considered to be other than temporary. SFAS 115 requires
     the classification of securities in one of three categories:
     "available-for-sale", "held-to-maturity" or "trading securities".
     Securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost,
     whereas securities



                                       23

<PAGE>   24



     classified as trading securities or available-for-sale are recorded at
     fair value. Effective with the adoption of SFAS 115, the Company
     determined the appropriate classification of its investments and, if
     necessary, adjusted the carrying value of such securities accordingly as
     if the unrealized gains or losses had been realized. The adjustment, net
     of applicable income taxes, for investments classified as
     available-for-sale is recorded in "Net unrealized loss on securities" and
     is included in Stockholders' equity on the balance sheet and the
     adjustment for investments classified as trading is recorded in
     "Investment income" in the statement of income. In accordance with the
     provisions of SFAS 115, prior year investments were not restated.

(3)  During the third quarter of 1995, the Company implemented, on a
     prospective basis, the provisions of FASB Statement of Financial
     Accounting Standards No. 122 ("SFAS 122") which revised the method of
     accounting for mortgage servicing rights on loans originated by the
     Company. SFAS requires that a mortgage banking enterprise recognize as
     separate assets rights to service mortgage loans for others that have been
     acquired through either the purchase or origination of such loans. Prior
     to the adoption of SFAS 122, the Company recognized late charges and other
     ancillary income when collected and charged costs to service mortgage
     loans when incurred. Net income for 1995 was increased by $3.9 million or
     $.13 per share on a fully diluted basis as the result of the Company's
     implementation of SFAS 122.  The amount capitalized is included in "Other
     assets".

(4)  All share and per share data have been adjusted to reflect stock dividends.




                                       24

<PAGE>   25



                                       SELECTED INCOME STATEMENT DATA BY SEGMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                1995          1994            1993         1992           1991   
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
MORTGAGE
Interest, charges and fees on loans.......   $  84,496     $   63,905     $   41,249    $   31,998     $    34,073
Investment income.........................       7,227          2,762          1,054           696           1,137
Loan sale gains...........................     142,156         86,289         59,220        29,679          15,571
Loan servicing income.....................      19,219         24,645         19,116        18,289          14,209
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
Total revenues............................     253,098        177,601        120,639        80,662          64,990
Total expenses............................     145,425         96,446         74,344        56,661          60,592
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
Income from continuing operations
   before income taxes....................     107,673         81,155         46,295        24,001           4,398
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------


LIFE INSURANCE
Interest, charges and fees on loans.......      38,077         43,647         45,561        51,396          51,585
Investment income.........................      99,327         83,614         75,594        67,287          63,285
Net insurance premiums....................       8,508         11,373         18,684        22,860          36,269
Loan sale gains...........................         -             -              -            3,310            -
Loan servicing income.....................      (1,427)          (505)           340           673           1,645
                                             ----------    -----------    ----------    -----------    -----------
Total revenues............................     144,485        138,129        140,179       145,526         152,784
Total expenses............................     132,386        129,049        137,544       140,061         150,707
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
Income from continuing
   operations before income taxes.........      12,099          9,080          2,635         5,465           2,077
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------

CORPORATE, OTHER OPERATIONS AND
   ELIMINATIONS
Income (loss) from continuing operations
   before income taxes....................      (5,008)        (6,161)        (5,869)       (8,851)          1,341
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------

CONSOLIDATED
Income from continuing operations
   before income taxes....................     114,764         84,074         43,061        20,615           7,816
Provision for income taxes................      41,805         29,492         14,744         7,601           3,164
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
Income from continuing operations.........      72,959         54,582         28,317        13,014           4,652
Income (loss) from discontinued
   operations.............................      (3,491)        (5,048)       (16,742)       (2,768)          6,824
                                             ----------    -----------    -----------   -----------    -----------
Net income ...............................   $  69,468     $   49,534     $   11,575    $   10,246     $    11,476
                                             ==========    ===========    ===========   ===========    ============
</TABLE>



                                       25

<PAGE>   26



ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         The following analysis should be read in conjunction with the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes presented
elsewhere herein.

         The table below sets forth income from continuing operations before
income taxes for each of the Company's business segments and certain home
equity loan data for the indicated periods:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                                            ---------------------------------------------
                                                              1995              1994               1993 
                                                             ------            ------             ------
                                                                             (dollars in thousands)
      <S>                                                  <C>              <C>                <C>
      Mortgage .........................................   $   107,673      $    81,155         $  46,295
      Life insurance....................................        12,099            9,080             2,635
      Corporate, other operations and eliminations......        (5,008)          (6,161)           (5,869)
                                                           ------------     ------------        -----------
        Total...........................................   $   114,764      $    84,074         $  43,061
                                                           ============     ============        ===========

      Home equity loan production.......................   $ 1,541,537      $   908,821        $  539,868
      Home equity loans sold............................     1,471,868          977,653           462,873
      Weighted average interest spread retained
         on home equity loans sold......................         4.98%             4.49%             6.06%
</TABLE>

      The following summary identifies the major factors which influenced the
results of operations of the Company's primary operating divisions during the
indicated periods.

MORTGAGE.

      The Company's mortgage operations primarily consist of the production (by
origination or purchase), sale and servicing of first mortgage,
non-conventional, home equity loans. In the fourth quarter of 1995, the Company
expanded its lending operations to include additional manufactured housing loan
products. Fundamental to the profitability and funding of the Company's
mortgage operations is the sale of loans with servicing rights retained.
The majority of the revenue of the mortgage segment is derived from gain
recognized on the sale of loans and the recognition of net loan fees at the
time of sale of the loans. Net loan fees on loans owned by the Company are
recognized over the lives of the loans.

      Prior to 1991, the Company had either held the home equity loans it
originated in its own portfolio or sold them to financial institutions. Since
the fourth quarter of 1991, the Company has pooled and sold large numbers of
loans in mortgage-backed securitization transactions. In late 1991 and 1992,
this was accomplished primarily through private placement transactions. In
1993, the Company began selling its loans in public securitization transactions
through its own shelf registration statement and sold publicly $1.5 billion,
$973 million and $451 million of home equity loans during 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

      The Company's mortgage operations are interest rate sensitive and,
therefore, fluctuations in and the level of interest rates can have a variety
of effects on the Company's profitability. In particular, significant changes
in interest rates may impact the volume of loans produced, and will influence
the funding costs of such production and the amount of gain recognized on loans
sold in the secondary market. During periods of declining interest rates the
mortgage operations will generally experience an increase in profitability as
the interest spread should widen both on loans held by the Company as an
investment and on loans sold in the secondary market.

      During 1993, the positive effect on income of the mortgage operations
resulted primarily from a wider interest margin retained on loans sold than
experienced in 1994 and 1995. The weighted average interest spread on loans
sold to third parties (the difference between the stated rate on the loan and
the rate paid to purchasers, less recurring


                                       26

<PAGE>   27



fees) was 6.06% in 1993, declined to 4.49% in 1994 and increased to 4.98% in
1995 due to changes in the interest rate environment. The weighted average
interest spread on loans sold is determined without regard to credit losses,
which are provided for separately by the Company. The lower interest spread on
loans sold during 1994 and 1995 was somewhat offset by an increased volume of
loans produced and sold.

      Although historically a lower interest rate environment has not resulted
in a significant increase in the level of prepayment of loans originated and
serviced by the Company, a significant and sustained reduction in interest
rates could cause prepayments to increase, and thereby result in a contraction
of the amount of loans owned and serviced and an accelerated amortization of
capitalized excess servicing income. Increased prepayments reduce the time
period during which the Company receives excess servicing income and other
servicing income with respect to prepaid loans. Increased amortization of
capitalized excess servicing income is a current charge to earnings. Likewise,
if delinquencies or liquidations were to occur sooner in the portfolio of loans
sold by the Company and/or with greater frequency than was initially assumed,
capitalized excess servicing income amortization would occur more quickly than
originally anticipated, which would have an adverse effect on servicing income
in the period of such adjustment. In contrast, an increase in the level of
interest rates for an extended period of time could adversely affect the
ability of the Company to originate loans, as well as the profitability of the
loan origination program, by increasing the cost of funding and reducing the
interest spread on loans retained and loans sold. If actual prepayments with
respect to loans sold occur more slowly than estimated at the time of sale,
total income would exceed previously estimated amounts; however, no adjustments
would be made to capitalized excess servicing income on the Company's
consolidated balance sheet as such income would be recognized prospectively.
(For further discussion of loan sale gains and capitalized excess servicing
income see Note 1.2 to Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

LIFE INSURANCE.

      United Companies Life Insurance Company ("UCLIC"), the Company's
wholly-owned life insurance subsidiary, has focused its efforts on expanding
its annuity product line and its distribution network of financial institutions
and independent general agents. On February 2, 1996, the Company entered into
an agreement to sell all of the outstanding capital stock of UCLIC. The
proposed sale is subject to approval of the Company's shareholders and
regulatory authorities and the satisfaction of certain other conditions. See
Note 13 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In 1995, annuity sales
were $136 million compared to $250 million in 1994. The Company believes that
the decrease in annuity sales in 1995 is due in part to the interest rate
environment, particularly the relative relationships between short term and
intermediate term interest rates, and to the focus of UCLIC's resources on
development of its variable annuity product. In addition, a financial
institution which produced approximately 10% of UCLIC's annuity sales in 1994
discontinued the sale of annuities for UCLIC in 1995 subsequent to the merger
of such financial institution. UCLIC focused in 1994 and 1995 on expanding the
independent general agents share of its distribution network, which agents sold
approximately 55% of the total dollar amount of annuities written in 1995
compared to 46% in 1994 and 30% in 1993. As with the Company's mortgage
operation, fluctuations in and the level of interest rates also impacts the
operations of UCLIC. The average spread on the annuity business was 2.20%,
2.73% and $2.37% during 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively. Surrenders of
annuity policies increased in 1994 and 1995 compared to 1993 due in part to the
continued reduction in interest crediting rates on new and existing annuity
contracts and to a rising interest rate environment and an increase in the
number of annuity contracts which were beyond the surrender penalty period.

      At December 31, 1995, the weighted average rating of the publicly traded
bond portfolio was "AA", the amortized cost of assets allocated to investments
in investment grade fixed maturity securities was $355.6 million or 30.8% of
the portfolio and in investment grade mortgage-backed securities was $733.5
million or 63.5% of the portfolio. At December 31, 1995 the amortized cost of
UCLIC's holdings of non-investment grade bonds was $22.0 million or 1.9% of the
portfolio. UCLIC's invested assets also include residential and commercial real
estate mortgages originated and serviced by United Companies Lending
Corporation ("UCLC"); however, the percentage



                                       27

<PAGE>   28



of assets invested in mortgage loans in recent years has been reduced primarily
as the result of their disfavor with insurance regulatory authorities and
rating agencies.

      The annuities sold by UCLIC are monetary in nature and therefore
sensitive to changes in the interest rate environment. Profitability of UCLIC
is directly affected by its ability to invest annuity premiums at yields above
the interest crediting rates on the related policy liabilities. One of the
primary financial objectives of UCLIC is to effectively manage this interest
spread over time in changing interest rate environments. This is accomplished
in part by adjusting the interest crediting rate paid on its existing and new
annuity policies.  During periods of declining interest rates, the fair value
of UCLIC's investments, primarily fixed maturity investments, increases;
however, yields earned on investments made during such periods decline. In
contrast, during periods of rising interest rates the fair value of the
investment portfolio declines and the risk of policy surrenders increases. An
unanticipated increase in surrenders would impact the Company's liquidity,
potentially requiring the sale of certain investments prior to their
maturities, which may be at a loss.

      Reserves for annuity policies constitute the Company's primary
liabilities. The duration of these liabilities is affected by a number of
factors, including interest rates, surrender penalties, ratings, public
confidence in the insurance industry generally and in UCLIC specifically,
governmental regulations and tax laws. Since insurance commissions incurred at
the origination of annuity policies are generally deferred and recognized over
the estimated life of the policies, any unexpected increase in surrenders of
annuity contracts would require more rapid recognition of these expenses,
thereby adversely impacting profitability.

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS.

      UGTIC

      United General Title Insurance Company. On April 10, 1995, the Company
made a decision to dispose of its investment in United General Title Insurance
Company ("UGTIC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and, on May 1,
1995, approved a formal plan of disposal. The decision to dispose of UGTIC was
independent of the consummation of the sale thereof pursuant to the definitive
stock sale agreement signed on August 11, 1995. As a result, the operations of
UGTIC have been classified as discontinued operations, and, accordingly, the
consolidated financial statements and the related notes of the Company
segregate continuing and discontinued operations. The sale was concluded on
February 29, 1996.

      The definitive stock sale agreement provided for the sale of 100% of the
stock of UGTIC and contains a provision making the Company liable to UGTIC for
claims from defalcations and fraud losses incurred by UGTIC which are unknown
and occur prior to closing and are discovered within 24 months thereafter. The
Company is also liable, up to $4.2 million, for policy claims paid over a ten
year period after closing that exceed certain specified levels. The Company
recorded a loss from discontinued operations (net of income tax benefit) of
$3.5 million in 1995 in connection with the sale of UGTIC.

      UGTIC was formed in 1983 in part to compliment the Company's mortgage
operations; however, underwriting of affiliated transactions represented only
approximately 3% of UGTIC's business in 1994 and 1995. At December 31, 1995
UGTIC was licensed in 29 states, was represented by approximately 948
independent general agents and had no direct operations. Key markets for UGTIC
are Colorado, Louisiana, Florida and California. During 1995, 1994 and 1993,
title insurance premiums were $37.0 million, $44.7 million and $24.4 million,
respectively. During 1995 and 1994, UGTIC experienced a net loss of $2.0
million and $5.0 million, respectively, compared to net income of $.8 million
in 1993.  Operations in 1994 suffered severely as the result of claims related
to agency defalcations. In addition to the incurred losses, the profitability
of UGTIC in 1994 was negatively impacted by a $3.8 million increase in its
reserve for policy losses.




                                       28

<PAGE>   29



      FOSTER MORTGAGE CORPORATION

      On May 7, 1993, the Company decided to divest its subsidiary Foster
Mortgage Corporation ("FMC"). As of November 30, 1993, the servicing rights
owned by FMC, which constituted substantially all of its assets, were sold. On
December 21, 1993, the institutional lenders under FMC's primary credit
facility (the "FMC Institutional Lenders") filed a petition in the U.S.
bankruptcy court to cause the remaining affairs of FMC to be concluded under
the supervision of the bankruptcy court. The FMC Institutional Lenders filed
and the bankruptcy court approved a plan of liquidation for FMC providing for
the appointment of a trustee selected by the FMC Institutional Lenders. The FMC
Institutional Lenders allege that FMC has certain claims against the Company,
including a claim with respect to the Company's alleged failure to remit all
sums due FMC regarding federal income taxes under a tax agreement among the
Company and its subsidiaries, including FMC, estimated by the FMC Institutional
Lenders to range from $2.1 million to $29 million. FMC and the Company
executed, subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court, a settlement
agreement relating to payments between FMC and the Company in connection with
the federal income tax benefits resulting from FMC's losses and to certain
prior intercompany payments between FMC and the Company. The settlement
agreement included a release by FMC in favor of the Company of any and all
claims relating to federal income taxes. The FMC Institutional Lenders opposed
the proposed settlement agreement. At the conclusion of a hearing on the
proposed settlement on August 18, 1994, the bankruptcy court approved the
portion of the settlement providing for a net payment by the Company of $1.65
million to FMC in satisfaction of the federal income tax benefits resulting
from FMC's losses and the release of any claims regarding federal income taxes.
The Company had previously recorded substantially all of the impact of this
portion of the settlement in its prior financial statements. The bankruptcy
court declined to approve the other portion of the proposed settlement relating
to payments received by the Company from FMC within twelve months of the
bankruptcy filing. If the Company were required to refund such payments, the
Company has estimated the potential additional loss to be $1.9 million, net of
tax benefits. The decision of the bankruptcy court on the settlement was
appealed by the FMC Institutional Lenders to the U.S.  District Court which
affirmed the bankruptcy court's decision. The FMC Institutional Lenders then
appealed this decision to the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. In a
decision rendered on November 9, 1995, the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed the district court, vacated the settlement between FMC and the Company
and remanded the matter for further proceedings. The trustee under the plan of
liquidation has filed an adversary proceeding in the bankruptcy proceedings
against the Company seeking avoidance of alleged preferential payments totaling
$3.72 million and has also instituted a suit in federal court against the
Company alleging claims under the tax agreement estimated to range from $2
million to $29 million. Management of the Company does not believe that any
additional amounts are owed by the Company to FMC or the trustee and intends to
vigorously contest the claims which have been brought against it for such
amounts by the trustee under the plan of liquidation. The Company did not
guarantee any debt of FMC.

1995, 1994 AND 1993 RESULTS OF OPERATION

      Net income for 1995 was $69.5 million ($2.25 per share based on 30.9
million weighted average shares outstanding) compared to $49.5 million for 1994
($1.74 per share based on 28.5 million weighted average shares outstanding) and
$11.6 million for 1993 ($.49 per share based on 23.7 million weighted average
shares outstanding). The increase in net income in 1995 resulted primarily from
an increase in the amount of loans sold and the gain and fees recognized in
connection therewith. As previously discussed in "Discontinued operations", net
income for 1995, 1994 and 1993 was reduced by losses of $3.5 million, $5.0
million and $16.7 million recognized in connection with the Company's decisions
to divest United General Title Insurance Company and Foster Mortgage
Corporation.




                                       29

<PAGE>   30



      The following table sets forth certain financial data for the periods
indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,         
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                  1995           1994          1993   
                                                              -----------     ----------    ----------
                                                                           (in thousands)
        <S>                                                   <C>             <C>           <C>
        Total revenues........................................$  397,950      $   314,694   $  260,013
        Total expenses........................................   283,186          230,620      216,952
        Income from continuing operations before
          income taxes........................................   114,764           84,074       43,061
        Income from continuing operations ....................    72,959           54,582       28,317
</TABLE>


         Revenues. The following table sets forth information regarding the
components of the Company's revenues for the years ended December 31, 1995,
1994 and 1993.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Year Ended December 31,         
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                 1995          1994            1993   
                                                              ----------    ----------      ----------
                                                                           (in thousands)
         <S>                                                  <C>           <C>             <C>
         Interest, charges and fees on loans .................$  128,665    $  111,994      $   92,737
         Loan sale gains......................................   142,156        86,735          59,441
         Investment income....................................   104,062        84,666          75,527
         Loan servicing income................................    14,559        19,926          13,624
         Net insurance premiums...............................     8,508        11,373          18,684
                                                              ----------    ----------      ----------
             Total............................................$  397,950    $  314,694      $  260,013
                                                              ==========    ==========      ==========
</TABLE>


         Interest, charges and fees on loans increased $16.7 million and $19.3
million for 1995 and 1994, respectively. This line item includes interest on
mortgage loans owned by the mortgage and insurance divisions and loan
origination fees earned by the mortgage division. Loan origination fees in
excess of direct origination costs on each loan held by the Company are
recognized over the life of the loan or earlier at the time of sale of the loan
to a third party. During 1995, 1994 and 1993, the Company sold approximately
$1.5 billion, $978 million and $463 million, respectively, in home equity loans
and recognized approximately $36.0 million, $32.5 million and $18.9 million,
respectively, in net loan origination fees (which relate primarily to fixed
rate retail production) in connection with these sales.

         The following table presents the composition of interest, charges and
fees on loans for the periods indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Year Ended December 31,         
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                  1995          1994            1993
                                                              -----------    ----------     ----------
                                                                           (in thousands)
         <S>                                                  <C>            <C>            <C>
         Loan origination fees ...............................$   68,442     $  56,576      $  35,987
         Mortgage loan interest...............................    47,185        47,996         51,763
         Other loan income ...................................    13,038         7,422          4,987
                                                              -----------    ----------     ----------
             Total ...........................................$  128,665     $ 111,994      $  92,737
                                                              ===========    ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

         The Company estimates that nonaccrual loans reduced mortgage loan
interest for 1995, 1994 and 1993 by approximately $13.3 million, $10.3 million
and $9.5 million, respectively. During 1995 the average amount of



                                       30

<PAGE>   31



nonaccrual loans owned by the Company was $21.6 million compared to $25.5
million for 1994 and $31.7 million for 1993. In addition, the average balance
of loans serviced for third parties which were on a nonaccrual basis or in
foreclosure was $83.1 million during 1995, compared to $55.6 million and $43.4
million during 1994 and 1993, respectively, representing 3.9%, 4.1% and 4.5%,
respectively, of the average amount of loans serviced for third parties. The
Company is generally obligated to advance interest on delinquent loans to the
investor or holder of the mortgage-backed security, as the case may be, at the
pass-through rate until satisfaction of the note, liquidation of the collateral
or charge off of the delinquent loan. At December 31, 1995 the Company owned
approximately $7.2 million of commercial loans which were on an accrual status,
but which the Company considers as potential problem loans, compared to $7.8
million and $8.1 million at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The
Company evaluates each of these commercial loans to estimate its risk of loss
in the investment and provides for such loss through a charge to earnings.

         Loan sale gains were $142.2 million, $86.7 million and $59.4 million
in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Loan sale gains approximate the present
value for the estimated lives of the loans of the excess of the contractual
rates on the loans sold over the sum of the pass-through rate paid to the
buyer, a normal servicing fee, a trustee fee, a surety bond fee, if any, in
mortgage-backed securitization transactions, and an estimate of future credit
losses. The increase in the amount of loan sale gains was due primarily to a
$494 million and a $515 million increase in the amount of loans sold during
1995 and 1994, respectively. Excess servicing income retained by the Company
(i.e., the stated interest rate on the loan less the pass-through rate and the
normal servicing fee and other applicable recurring fees) decreased in 1994
compared to 1993 but increased in 1995 compared to 1994. Interest spread
retained by the Company on loans sold includes the normal servicing fee. During
1994, guidelines were established which defined an industry accepted "normal
servicing fee" as 50 basis points for servicing "B" and "C" quality home equity
loans, such as those originated by the Company. As the result of this industry
data, the Company, effective July 1, 1994, implemented a servicing fee rate in
its loan securitization transactions of 50 basis points. This resulted in an
increase in the amount of loan sale gain recognized on the home equity loans
sold compared to previous securitization transactions which included a
servicing fee rate of 75 basis points. In addition, as further discussed in
Note 1.11, during the third quarter of 1995, the Company implemented a new
accounting pronouncement related to mortgage servicing rights on loans
originated by the Company. The implementation of the pronouncement increased
loan sale gains by approximately $6.0 million during 1995. Loan sale gains
during 1995 were reduced by the use of higher prepayment assumptions, primarily
related to adjustable rate mortgage loans, in calculating the gain on sale of
loans compared to prior years. The impact of the change in assumptions reduced
loan sale gains by approximately $12.4 million. In addition, loan sale gains
during 1995 were reduced by approximately $5.5 million as the result of the
utilization of interest hedge mechanisms to protect the Company against an
increase in market interest rates on the pass-through certificates sold in the
second quarter of 1995 securitization transaction. The reduction in income
resulted from a decline in interest rates prior to the pricing of this
securitization transaction.

         The following table presents information regarding home equity loan
sale transactions for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,          
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                  1995         1994          1993
                                                              ----------     ---------    ---------
                                                                         (dollars in thousands)
         <S>                                                  <C>            <C>          <C>
         Home equity loans sold...............................$ 1,471,868    $ 977,653    $ 462,873
         Average coupon on home equity loans sold.............      11.67%       11.80%       12.00%
         Weighted interest spread retained on home                                        
              equity loans sold...............................       4.98%        4.49%        6.06%
         Home equity loan sale gains..........................$   142,156    $  86,735    $  59,220
</TABLE>


                                       31

<PAGE>   32



         Fluctuations in and the level of market interest rates will impact the
interest spread retained by the Company on loans sold, and, potentially, the
amount of its loan sale gains. An increase in the level of market interest
rates will generally adversely affect the interest spread on loans sold,
whereas such interest spread generally widens during a declining interest rate
environment.  The effect of actions which may be taken by the Company during a
rising interest rate environment to mitigate the impact on earnings of
fluctuations in market rates, such as increasing the coupon rate charged on its
loan products, will generally lag the impact of market rate fluctuations. In
connection with loan securitization transactions, the Company has used a
prefunding feature which "locks in" the pass-through rate that the Company will
pay to the investor on a predetermined amount of loans for future delivery. The
Company is obligated for the difference between the earnings on the prefunded
amount and the pass-through interest paid to the investor during the period
from the date of the closing of the securitization transaction until the date
of delivery of the loans. In connection with the home equity loan
securitization transaction which closed in the fourth quarter of 1995,
approximately $3.7 million was held in a prefunding account for purchase of the
Company's home equity loans during the first quarter of 1996. Pursuant thereto,
home equity loans with a remaining principal balance of approximately $3.7
million were delivered on January 10, 1996.

         Investment income totaled $104.1 million for 1995 compared to
investment income of $84.7 million and $75.5 million during 1994 and 1993,
respectively. Investment income during 1995 was positively affected by a $4.8
million increase in income, compared to 1994, related to the Company's
investment in a limited partnership. In addition, interest earned on temporary
investments reserve accounts totaled $7.2 million in 1995 compared to $2.7
million and $1.1 million during 1994 and 1993, respectively. Investment income
for 1995, 1994 and 1993 also includes investment gains of $.5 million, $.2
million and $.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 1995 the amortized cost
of the fixed income portfolio totaled $1.1 billion and was comprised
principally of $734 million in investment grade mortgage-backed securities and
$345 million in investment grade bonds. At December 31, 1995, the weighted
average rating of the publicly traded bond portfolio according to nationally
recognized statistical rating agencies was "AA". At December 31, 1995 the
carrying value of investments in the Company's trading account, which is
comprised of investments in common stocks, was $752,000 reflecting a $207,000
unrealized gain which is included in investment income for 1995.

         Loan servicing income was $14.6 million, $19.9 million and $13.6
million for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Loan servicing income in 1995
was negatively affected by a $6.3 million increase in the amortization of
capitalized excess servicing income as the result of an adjustment in the
estimated prepayment assumptions of certain mortgage loans serviced by the
Company, primarily adjustable rate mortgage loans. This adjustment offset the
impact of an increase of approximately $800 million in the average amount of
home equity loans serviced by the Company for third parties during 1995
compared to the same period of 1994. As discussed above, the industry accepted
"normal servicing fee" was defined during the second quarter of 1994 as 50
basis points.  Effective July 1, 1994, the Company reduced its estimate of
normal servicing fee and began using 50 basis points in computing loan sale
gains. The reduction in the normal servicing fee for home equity loans from 75
to 50 basis points has the impact of increasing current revenues (loan sale
gains) while reducing future revenues (loan servicing income). The following
table reflects the components of loan servicing income for the periods
indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Year Ended December 31,          
                                                              ----------------------------------------
                                                                 1995          1994           1993
                                                              -----------   -----------    -----------
                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>           <C>
Servicing fees earned.........................................$   87,278    $   60,181     $   35,168
Amortization of capitalized excess servicing income...........   (72,719)      (40,255)       (21,544)
                                                              -----------   -----------    -----------
         Total................................................$   14,559    $   19,926     $   13,624
                                                              ===========   ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

         Net insurance premiums were $8.5 million, $11.4 million and $18.7
million for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Net insurance premiums reflect
revenues associated primarily with credit insurance underwritten by


                                       32

<PAGE>   33



UCLIC.  The decrease in premium income is primarily the result of the impact of
UCLIC's decision to discontinue sales of credit insurance products.

         Expenses.  The following table presents the components of the
Company's expenses for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,          
                                                              --------------------------------------------
                                                                   1995             1994           1993
                                                              ------------       ----------     ----------

                                                                            (in thousands)
         <S>                                                   <C>           <C>               <C>
         Interest on annuity policies.........................  $    79,086  $      73,065     $    76,086
         Personnel............................................       76,022         57,380          40,784
         Interest.............................................       28,308         14,563          10,158
         Loan loss provision..................................       16,025         13,457          17,343
         Insurance commissions................................       13,630         14,264          13,920
         Insurance benefits ..................................        9,930         12,654          18,200
         Other operating......................................       60,185         45,237          40,461
                                                                -----------    -----------      ----------
             Total............................................  $   283,186    $   230,620      $  216,952
                                                                ===========    ===========      ==========
</TABLE>

         Interest on annuity policies increased $6.0 million during 1995
compared to 1994, primarily as the result of a $70 million increase in average
annuity reserves. The decline in interest on annuity policies of $3.0 million
in 1994 compared to 1993 resulted primarily from a reduction in the average
interest crediting rate on the Company's annuity policies. Average annuity
reserves were $1.4 billion during 1995 and 1994 and $1.2 billion during 1993.

         Personnel expenses were $76.0 million, $57.4 million and $40.8 million
in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The increase in personnel costs are
primarily associated with the expansion of the Company's mortgage operations,
including start-up costs for the manufactured housing lending program, loan
production related incentives and an increase in the cost of the Company's
employee benefit and incentive plans.

         Insurance commissions for 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $13.6 million,
$14.3 million and $13.9 million, respectively. Commissions paid on issuance of
the Company's deferred annuity products are generally capitalized as deferred
policy acquisition costs ("DPAC") and amortized over the estimated life of the
policy.  During 1995 and 1994, the Company capitalized approximately $11.9
million and $20.7 million, respectively, in commissions paid on sales of
annuities compared to $13.7 million during 1993. Amortization of commission
expense on annuities capitalized in prior periods was $11.0 million and $9.5
million during 1995 and 1994, respectively, compared to $5.6 million during
1993.

         Insurance benefits were $9.9 million, $12.7 million and $18.2 million
for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The declining trend of insurance
benefits resulted from a reduction in benefits associated with ordinary life
and credit insurance products.

         The Company's loan loss provision was $16.0 million, $13.5 million and
$17.3 million for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The fluctuation in the
level of the Company's provision for loan losses is attributed in part to
increases and decreases in the amount of loans owned by the Company during the
respective periods. During 1994, the amount of loans owned by the Company
declined by approximately $151 million compared to 1993. The amount of loans
owned during 1995 increased $57 million compared to 1994.

         Interest expense for 1995 increased approximately $13.7 million
compared to 1994 primarily as the result of an increase in the weighted average
interest rate charged on debt and an increase in the average amount of debt
outstanding. The $4.4 million increase in interest expense from 1993 to 1994
was likewise attributed to an increase in the weighted average interest rate
charged on debt.



                                       33

<PAGE>   34



         Other operating expenses increased approximately $14.9 million and
$4.8 million during 1995 and 1994, respectively, primarily as the result of
costs associated with the expansion of the Company's mortgage operations.
During 1995, 1994 and 1993, advertising expense totaled $9.0 million, $3.1
million and $.8 million and occupancy and equipment expenses were $10.9
million, $8.0 million and $6.8 million, respectively. Other operating expenses
in 1993 included a $2.3 million accrual for the estimated cost of a legal
settlement and $1.4 million in estimated losses in connection with termination
of a third party administrative contract for credit insurance.


 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ON BUSINESS SEGMENTS

         The following tables reflect income from continuing operations before
income taxes for each of the Company's business segments for the years ended
December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Year Ended December 31, 1995
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Corporate,
                                                                     Life       Other Operations
                                                      Mortgage    Insurance     & Eliminations             Total
                                                      --------    ---------     ----------------           -----
                                                                           (in thousands)
<S>                                              <C>            <C>               <C>               <C>
Revenues
  Interest, charges and fees on loans........... $      84,496  $      38,077     $    6,092        $       128,665
  Loan sale gains...............................       142,156               -              -               142,156
  Investment income.............................         7,227         99,327         (2,492)               104,062
  Net insurance premiums........................           -            8,508               -                 8,508
  Loan servicing income.........................        19,219         (1,427)        (3,233)                14,559
                                                 -------------  --------------    -----------       ---------------
     Total......................................       253,098        144,485            367                397,950
                                                 -------------  --------------    -----------       ---------------

Expenses:
  Interest on annuity policies..................             -         79,086               -                79,086
  Personnel.....................................        62,677          5,260           8,085                76,022
  Insurance commissions.........................           -           13,427             203                13,630
  Insurance benefits............................             -          9,930            -                    9,930
  Loan loss provision...........................        11,974          4,051               -                16,025
  Interest......................................        20,566          3,417          4,325                 28,308
  Other operating...............................        50,208         17,215         (7,238)                60,185
                                                 -------------  --------------    -----------       ---------------
     Total......................................       145,425        132,386          5,375                283,186
                                                 -------------  --------------    -----------       ---------------

Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income taxes........................... $     107,673  $      12,099     $    (5,008)       $      114,764
                                                 =============  =============     ============       ==============
</TABLE>





                                       34

<PAGE>   35




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year Ended December 31, 1994
                                               ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              Corporate,
                                                               Life       Other Operations
                                                 Mortgage    Insurance    & Eliminations      Total
                                                 --------    ----------   -----------------   -----
                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                           <C>             <C>            <C>          <C>
Revenues:
  Interest, charges and fees on loans......   $   63,905      $  43,647      $  4,442     $ 111,994
  Loan sale gains..........................       86,289            -             446        86,735
  Investment income........................        2,762         83,614        (1,710)       84,666
  Net insurance premiums...................          -           11,373            -         11,373
  Loan servicing income....................       24,645           (505)       (4,214)       19,926
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
     Total.................................      177,601        138,129        (1,036)      314,694
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
                                                                                           
Expenses:                                                                                  
  Interest on annuity policies.............          -           73,065            -         73,065
  Personnel................................       46,356          4,959         6,065        57,380
  Insurance commissions....................          -           13,710           554        14,264
  Insurance benefits.......................          -           12,654            -         12,654
  Loan loss provision......................        8,398          5,059            -         13,457
  Interest.................................        6,496          1,979         6,088        14,563
  Other operating..........................       35,196         17,623        (7,582)       45,237
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
     Total.................................       96,446        129,049         5,125       230,620
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------

Income (loss) from continuing operations
     before income taxes...................   $   81,155      $   9,080      $ (6,161)    $  84,074
                                              ==========      ==========     =========    =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Year Ended December 31, 1993
                                               -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              Corporate,
                                                               Life       Other Operations
                                                 Mortgage    Insurance    & Eliminations      Total
                                                 --------    ----------   -----------------   -----
                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                           <C>             <C>            <C>          <C>
Revenues:
    Interest, charges and fees on loans....   $   41,250      $   45,561     $  5,926     $  92,737
    Investment income    ..................        1,054          75,594       (1,121)       75,527
    Loan sale gains      ..................       59,220             -            221        59,441
    Net insurance premiums.................          -            18,684          -          18,684
    Loan servicing income..................       19,115             340       (5,831)       13,624
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
       Total             ..................      120,639         140,179         (805)      260,013
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
                                                                                           
Expenses:                                                                                  
    Interest on annuity policies...........          -            76,086           -         76,086
    Personnel..............................       31,987           3,878        4,919        40,784
    Insurance commissions..................          -            13,185          735        13,920
    Insurance benefits.....................          -            18,200          -          18,200
    Loan loss provision....................       12,349           4,994          -          17,343
    Interest...............................        4,315             628        5,215        10,158
    Other operating........................       25,693          20,573       (5,805)       40,461
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
       Total...............................       74,344         137,544        5,064       216,952
                                              ----------      ----------     ---------    ---------
                                                                                           
Income (loss) from continuing operations                                                   
     before income taxes...................   $   46,295      $    2,635     $ (5,869)    $  43,061
                                              ==========      ==========     =========    =========
</TABLE>




                                       35

<PAGE>   36



ASSET QUALITY AND RESERVES

         The quality of the Company's loan and bond portfolios and of the loan
portfolio serviced for third parties significantly affects the profitability of
the Company. The values of and markets for these assets are dependent on a
number of factors, including general economic conditions, interest rates and
governmental regulations. Adverse changes in such factors, which become more
pronounced in periods of economic decline, may affect the quality of these
assets and the Company's resulting ability to sell these assets for acceptable
prices. General economic deterioration can result in increased delinquencies on
existing loans, reductions in collateral values and declines in the value of
investments resulting from a reduced capacity of issuers to repay the bonds.

         Loans. Substantially all of the loans owned by the Company were
produced through the Company's branch (i.e., retail) network or wholesale loan
programs. In connection with its origination of home equity loans, the Company
relies on specified underwriting and credit review procedures, a mortgage on
the borrower's residence and, in some cases, other security, and, in its retail
origination program, contact with borrowers through its branch office system to
manage credit risk on its loans. In addition to servicing the loans owned by
the Company, the mortgage division serviced approximately $2.6 billion in loans
for third parties at December 31, 1995, $2.5 billion of which are home equity
loans.  Substantially all of the home equity loans serviced for third parties
were publicly sold as mortgage backed securities ("pass-through certificates").
The purchasers of the pass-through certificates receive a credit enhanced
security which is achieved in part through a guaranty provided by a third party
insurer and by subordinating the excess interest spread retained by the Company
to the payment of scheduled principal and interest on the certificates. The
Company has, from time to time, used the Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
("FGIC") and MBIA Insurance Corporation ('MBIA") as third party insurers. The
subordination of the excess interest spread retained by the Company relates to
credit losses which may occur after the sale of the loans and continues until
the earlier of the payment in full of the loans or termination of the agreement
pursuant to which the loans were sold. If cumulative payment defaults exceed
the amount subordinated, the third party insurer is obligated to pay any
further losses experienced by the owners of the pass-through certificates.

         The Company is also obligated to cure, repurchase or replace loans
which may be determined after the sale to violate representations and
warranties relating to them and which are made by the Company at the time of
the sale. The Company regularly evaluates the quality of the loan portfolio and
estimates its risk of loss based upon historical loss experience, prevailing
economic conditions, estimated collateral value and such other factors which,
in management's judgment, are relevant in estimating the credit risk in owned
and/or serviced loans. Estimated losses on the owned portfolio are provided for
by an increase in the allowance for loan losses through a charge to current
operating income. At December 31, 1995, the Company's allowance for loan losses
was $14.9 million. For loans sold, the Company reduces the amount of gain
recognized on the sale by the estimated amount of credit losses, and records
such amount on its balance sheet in the allowance for loss on loans serviced.
At December 31, 1995, the allowance for loss on loans serviced was $45.0
million.  The maximum recourse associated with sales of home equity loans
according to terms of the loan sale agreements totaled approximately $475
million, of which amount approximately $466 million relates to the subordinated
cash and excess interest spread. Should credit losses on loans sold materially
exceed the Company's estimates for such losses, such consequence will have a
material adverse impact on the Company's financial statements.

         At December 31, 1995, the contractual balance of loans serviced was
approximately $3.0 billion comprised of approximately $409 million serviced for
the Company and approximately $2.6 billion serviced for investors. The
portfolio is geographically diversified. Although the Company services loans in
48 states, at December 31, 1995 a substantial portion of the loans serviced
were originated in Florida (10.5%), Ohio (10.0%) and Louisiana (8.8%),
respectively, and no other state accounted for more than 7.5% of the serviced
portfolio. Included in the serviced portfolio are commercial loans originated
by the Company, a substantial portion of which were originated in Florida
(25.9%), Georgia (19.4%) and Colorado (10.9%) and no other state accounted for
more than 8.0% of the commercial loans serviced. The risk inherent in such
concentrations is dependent not only upon regional and general economic
stability which affects property values, but also the financial well-being and
creditworthiness of


                                       36

<PAGE>   37



the borrower. The following table provides a summary of loans owned and/or
serviced which are past due 30 days or more, foreclosed properties and loans
charged off as of the dates indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Foreclosed Properties  
                                                                           ------------------------
                              Contractual    Delinquencies       % of        Owned    Serviced for                    % of
                                Balance       Contractual    Contractual     by the   Third Party    Net Loans       Average
Year Ended                     of Loans         Balance        Balance      Company    Investors     Charged Off      Loans
- ----------                 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              (dollars in thousands)  
<S>                           <C>               <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>             <C>
December 31, 1995             
Home equity.................  $  2,701,481      $   220,145       8.15%    $   8,469   $   21,604    $    12,221      0.56%
Commercial..................       251,241            4,518       1.80%       16,547        5,325          4,416      1.68%
Conventional................        58,554            2,734       4.67%         -            -               132       .20%
Manufactured housing........           888             -              -         -            -              -          -
                              ------------      -----------                ---------   ----------    -----------        
     Total..................  $  3,012,164      $   227,397       7.55%    $  25,016   $   26,929    $    16,769
                              ============      ===========                =========   ==========    ===========

December 31, 1994                                                            
Home equity.................  $  1,683,698      $   129,203       7.67%    $   8,791   $   11,837    $    11,694      0.84%
Commercial..................       274,413            5,377       1.96%       22,131        8,784          5,658      1.83%
Conventional................        74,294            2,672       3.60%           35          -              100      0.16%
                              ------------      -----------                ---------   ----------    -----------        
     Total..................  $  2,032,405      $   137,252       6.75%    $  30,957   $   20,621    $    17,452
                              ============      ===========                =========   ==========    ===========
                                                                             
December 31, 1993                                                            
Home equity.................  $  1,125,139      $    92,974       8.26%    $  17,014   $    8,355    $     8,548      0.88%
Commercial..................       345,365           19,292       5.59%       20,871        9,275          3,579      0.95%
Conventional................        98,277            3,747       3.81%          148           -              77      0.09%
                              ------------      -----------                ---------   ----------    -----------        
     Total..................  $  1,568,781      $   116,013       7.40%    $  38,033   $   17,630    $    12,204
                              ============      ===========                =========   ==========    ===========
</TABLE>                                                                   

         Management continues to focus on reducing the level of non-earning
assets owned and/or serviced by expediting the foreclosure process. The balance
of foreclosed home equity loans owned and/or serviced as a percentage of the
home equity loans owned and/or serviced was 1.1%, 1.2% and 2.3% at December 31,
1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

         The above delinquency and loan loss experience represents the
Company's recent experience. However, the delinquency, foreclosure and net loss
percentages may be affected by the increase in the size and relative lack of
seasoning of a substantial portion of the portfolio. In addition, the Company
can neither quantify the impact of property value declines, if any, on the home
equity loans nor predict whether to what extent or how long such declines may
exist. In a period of such declines, the rates of delinquencies, foreclosures
and losses on the home equity loans could be higher than those theretofore
experienced in the mortgage lending industry in general. Adverse economic
conditions (which may or may not affect real property values) may affect the
timely payment by borrowers of scheduled payments of principal and interest on
the home equity loans and, accordingly, the actual rates of delinquencies,
foreclosures and losses. As a result, the information in the above tables
should not be considered as a basis for assessing the likelihood, amount or
severity of delinquencies or losses in the future on home equity loans and no
assurance can be given that the delinquency and loss experience presented in
the tables will be indicative of such experience on home equity loans.

         A summary analysis of the changes in the Company's allowance for loan
losses and the allowance for loss on loans serviced is shown in Note 3.3 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       37

<PAGE>   38



         Investment securities. The Company's investment portfolio consists
primarily of mortgage backed securities and corporate bonds, comprising 65.7%
and 29.3% of the portfolio at December 31, 1995, respectively. At December 31,
1995, approximately 93.6% of the Company's portfolio of investment securities
were classified in an available-for-sale category and the carrying value
adjusted to fair value by means of an adjustment to stockholders' equity. The
remainder of the portfolio consists primarily of private placements made either
directly or through an investment partnership and are classified as
held-to-maturity and valued at cost. At December 31, 1995, the Company owned
$.8 million in equity securities classified as trading securities. The net
unrealized gain in the debt securities portfolio (fair value over amortized
cost) at December 31, 1995 was $43.8 million compared to a net unrealized loss
of $73.9 million at December 31, 1994.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         The Company's principal cash requirements consist of funding loan
production in its mortgage operations and the payment of policyholder claims
and surrenders incurred in its insurance operations. The Company's mortgage
operations require continued access to short and long-term sources of debt
financing and the sale of loans and asset-backed securities. The liquidity
requirements for the Company's insurance operations are generally met by funds
provided from the sale of annuities and cash flow from its investments in fixed
income securities and mortgage loans.

         Prior to 1994, the Company's primary debt facility was a revolving
credit facility (the "Bank Facility") dated as of October 11, 1988. On November
2, 1994 the Company publicly sold $125 million of its senior unsecured notes
and used the net proceeds from the sale of the senior notes to repay a portion
of the principal amount of the indebtedness outstanding under the Bank
Facility.  During 1995, the Company publicly sold $100 million of its senior
unsecured notes and used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the
senior notes to repay the remaining balance outstanding under the Bank
Facility, which was scheduled to mature on December 31, 1996. The remainder of
the proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. The Company terminated
the Bank Facility effective July 25, 1995. In addition, the Company maintains
short-term credit facilities with various financial institutions. As of
December 31, 1995, $65 million in such credit facilities were available to the
Company and no amounts were outstanding thereunder.

         During 1995, the Company sold 1,955,000 shares of its Preferred
Redeemable Increased Dividend Equity Securities(sm), 6 3/4% PRIDES, Convertible
Preferred Stock ("PRIDES(sm)") at a price per share of $44.00. Net proceeds to
the Company were approximately $83.3 million. The net proceeds from the sale of
the shares of PRIDES were used for general corporate purposes.

         At December 31, 1995, the Company had secured warehouse facilities
available from (i) a syndicate of commercial banks (the "Commercial Bank
Warehouse") and (ii) the investment bank that acted as lead underwriter for the
Company's fourth quarter securitization (the "Investment Bank Warehouse"). The
Commercial Bank Warehouse permits certain of the Company's mortgage lending
subsidiaries to borrow up to $150 million on a revolving basis secured by home
equity loans eligible thereunder. Loans under this facility are subject to the
satisfaction of certain borrowing conditions, including a minimum borrowing
base and will bear interest at a floating rate. Borrowings under this facility
are required to be repaid from the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of
the home equity loan collateral. The lenders' commitment under this facility is
scheduled to terminate on May 23, 1997. At December 31, 1995, $19.3 million was
outstanding under the Commercial Bank Warehouse.

         The Investment Bank Warehouse was directly related to the 1995 fourth
quarter securitization and initially provided funding for up to $250 million of
eligible home equity loans for such securitization and terminated with the
closing of the last delivery of loans under the prefunding accounts relative to
this securitization. As of December 31, 1995, $75 million was available and no
amounts were outstanding under the Investment Bank Warehouse. The Company
expects to have facilities similar to the Investment Bank Warehouse available
in conjunction with its future securitizations.



                                       38

<PAGE>   39



         The following discussion reflects the primary sources of liquidity and
capital for each of the Company's primary operating divisions.

         Mortgage. The principal cash requirements of the Company's mortgage
operations arise from loan production, deposits to reserve accounts,
repayments of intercompany debt borrowed under the Company's senior notes,
payments of operating and interest expenses, and income taxes related to loan
sale transactions. Loan production is funded principally through proceeds from
the issuance of the Company's senior notes, short-term bank facilities and
warehouse facilities pending loan sales.

         Substantially all of the loans originated or acquired by the Company
are sold. Net cash used by operating activities of the Company in 1995 and
1994, respectively, reflects approximately $1.6 billion and $949 million,
respectively, in cash used for loan originations and acquisitions. The primary
source of funding for loan originations is derived from the reinvestment of
proceeds from the ultimate sale of loans in the secondary market which totaled
approximately $1.5 billion and $978 million in 1995 and 1994, respectively. In
connection with the loan sale transactions in the secondary market, third-party
surety bonds and cash deposits by the Company as credit enhancements were
provided. The loan sale transactions required the subordination of certain cash
flows payable to UCLC and its subsidiaries to the payment of principal and
interest due to certificate holders. In connection with these transactions,
UCLC has been required, in some instances, to fund an initial deposit, and
thereafter, in each transaction, a portion of the amounts receivable by UCLC
and its subsidiaries from the excess interest spread has been required to be
placed and maintained in a reserve account to the extent of the subordination
requirements. The subordination requirements generally provide that the excess
interest spread is payable to a reserve account until a specified level of
cash, which is less than the maximum subordination amount, is accumulated
therein. The capitalized excess servicing income of the Company is subject to
being utilized first to replenish cash paid from the reserve account to fund
shortfalls in collections from borrowers who default on the payment of
principal or interest on the loans underlying the pass-through certificates
issued until the total of the Company's deposits into the reserve account equal
the maximum subordination amount. In connection with the issuance and sale of
approximately $3.2 billion of pass-through certificates through December 31,
1995, the subordination amounts aggregate approximately $466 million. After the
Company's deposits into the reserve account equal the maximum subordination
amount for a transaction, the subordination of the related excess interest
spread (including the guarantee fee payable therefrom) for these purposes is
terminated. The excess interest spread required to be deposited and maintained
in the respective reserve accounts will not be available to support the cash
flow requirements of the Company until such amount exceeds the maximum
subordinated amount (other than amounts, if any, in excess of the specified
levels required to be maintained in the reserve accounts, which may be
distributed periodically to the Company). At December 31, 1995, the amounts on
deposit in such reserve accounts totaled $155 million.

         Life insurance. The principal cash requirement of UCLIC consists of
contractual obligations to policyholders, principally through policy claims and
surrenders. The primary sources of funding these obligations, in addition to
cash flow from investments, are the sale of annuities. Net cash flow from
annuity operations is used to build an investment portfolio, which in turn
produces future cash flows from investment income and provides a secondary
source of liquidity for this division. Net cash provided by operating
activities of the insurance division (which excludes annuity sales and
surrenders) in 1995 and 1994 was approximately $87 million and $64 million,
respectively, resulting primarily from cash earnings on investments. The
Company monitors available cash and cash equivalents to maintain adequate
balances for current payments while maximizing cash available for longer term
investment activities. The Company's financing activities during 1995 and 1994
reflect approximately $136 million and $250 million, respectively, in cash
received primarily from sales by UCLIC of its annuity products. The Company
believes that the decrease in annuity sales is due in part to the interest rate
environment, particularly the relative relationship between short term and
intermediate term interest rates, and to the focus by UCLIC on development of
its variable annuity product. In addition, a financial institution which
produced approximately 10% of UCLIC's annuity sales in 1994 discontinued the
sale of annuities for UCLIC in 1995 subsequent to the merger of such financial
institution. As reflected in the net cash used by investing activities during
the same periods, investment purchases were approximately $137 million and $300
million, respectively, reflecting the investment of


                                       39

<PAGE>   40



these funds and the reinvestment of proceeds from maturities of investments.
Cash used by financing activities during these twelve month periods also
reflects payments of $223 million and $192 million primarily on annuity
products resulting from policyholder surrenders and claims. The increase in
annuity surrenders during 1995 was expected, due in part to an increase in the
amount of annuity policies which were beyond the surrender penalty period.
Should annuity surrenders continue to exceed annuity sales, such consequence
will decrease the liquidity of UCLIC and potentially result in the sale of
certain assets, such as bonds and loans, prior to their maturity, which may be
at a loss. UCLIC's investments at December 31, 1995, included approximately
$345 million in residential and commercial mortgage loans, and the amortized
cost of its bond portfolio included $378 million in corporate and government
bonds and private debt placements and $778 million in mortgage-backed
securities.

         As a Louisiana domiciled insurance company, UCLIC is subject to
certain regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. UCLIC had the
capacity at December 31, 1995 to pay dividends of $9.2 million. UCLIC did not
pay any dividends to the Company during 1993, 1994 or 1995 in order to retain
capital in UCLIC.

PENDING SALE OF UCLIC                   .

         On February 2, 1996, the Company signed a Stock Purchase Agreement
(the "Agreement") dated as of January 30, 1996, for the sale of all of the
outstanding capital stock of UCLIC to UC Life Holding Corp., a new Delaware
corporation formed by Knightsbridge Capital Fund I, L.P. for an aggregate
amount of $164 million plus earnings of UCLIC from January 1, 1996, to closing
of the transaction. Knightsbridge, which is a private investment partnership
with institutional partners, was formed in 1995 to make equity investments in
companies engaged primarily in the life insurance industry.

         Under the terms of the agreement, the sales price is comprised of cash
currently estimated to be $109 million and UCLIC real estate and other assets
to be distributed to the Company prior to the closing. The real estate to be
distributed includes portions of the United Plaza office park, including the
Company's home office. In addition, the Company will purchase a convertible
promissory note from an affiliate of the purchaser for $15 million in cash. The
note matures in 11 years and bears interest at a rate of 8% per annum payable
at maturity. The Company does not expect the sale of UCLIC to have a material
effect on net income.

         The purchaser also agreed that UCLIC would continue to be an investor
in first lien home equity loans originated by the Company's lending operations
and that UCLIC's home office operations would be maintained in its present
location in Baton Rouge, Louisiana following the closing for at least two
years.  The agreement is subject to approval by UCFC's shareholders and
regulatory authorities and the satisfaction of other conditions, and provides
that the closing will occur on or before July 31, 1996.

RATINGS

          The Company. During 1994, the Company sold publicly $125 million of
its unsecured and unsubordinated 9.35% senior notes due November 1, 1999. Duff
and Phelps Credit Rating Co. ("D&P") rated the issue BBB, Standard and Poor's,
a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. ("S&P"), rated the notes BBB- and
Moody's Investor Services, Inc. ("Moody's") rated the notes Ba2, respectively.
D&P previously assigned a rating of BBB to the Bank Facility.

         On July 25, 1995 the Company issued $100 million of its unsecured and
unsubordinated 7% senior notes due July 15, 1998. The notes received ratings of
"BBB" from D&P, "BBB-" from S&P and "Ba2" from Moody's.

         Life insurance subsidiary. In June, 1994, A.M. Best Company ("Best")
reaffirmed its "A-" (Excellent) rating of UCLIC. Best's ratings depend in part
on its analysis of an insurance company's financial strength, operating
performance and claims paying ability. In addition, in 1995, S&P revised the
rating scale used in assigning



                                       40




<PAGE>   41




its qualified solvency ratings of insurance companies and, as a result, revised
its rating assigned to UCLIC from "BBq" to "Aq".

         On October 24, 1995, D&P placed the 'A+' (Single-A-Plus) claims paying
ability rating of UCLIC on Rating Watch--Uncertain. This rating action is based
upon the announcement by the Company that it was evaluating strategic
alternatives regarding UCLIC, including the possible sale of UCLIC. D&P
reported that the claims paying ability rating would remain on Rating
Watch--Uncertain until more information becomes known about UCLIC's ultimate
position within the Company's organization or another organization.





                                       41




<PAGE>   42
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Stockholders of
United Companies Financial Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United
Companies Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995
and 1994, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 1995. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in
the Index at Item 14. These financial statements and financial statement
schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and
financial statement schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of United Companies Financial
Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 1995 in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as
a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.

As discussed in Note 1.11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, in 1995 the Company changed its method of accounting for mortgage
servicing rights to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 122.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Baton Rouge, Louisiana
February 29, 1996




                                       42

<PAGE>   43



            UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           December 31,          
                                                                                   --------------------------
                                                                                      1995            1994    
                                                                                   -----------    -----------
Assets                                                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>             
Cash and cash equivalents...................................................       $    28,087    $    56,359
Temporary investments - reserve accounts ...................................           155,254         81,980
Investment securities                                                           
    Trading ................................................................               752            679
    Available-for-sale .....................................................         1,140,421        960,100
    Held-to-maturity .......................................................            51,586         57,391
    Other ..................................................................            25,594         26,672
Loans - net ................................................................           413,574        369,382
Capitalized excess servicing income ........................................           283,454        179,065
Deferred policy acquisition costs ..........................................            90,703         91,915
Accrued interest receivable ................................................            53,265         37,200
Property - net .............................................................            38,659         30,565
Deferred income tax benefit ................................................              --            7,420
Net assets of discontinued operations ......................................             6,245          9,736
Other assets ...............................................................            79,292         69,791
                                                                                   -----------    -----------
           Total assets.....................................................       $ 2,366,886    $ 1,978,255
                                                                                   ===========    ===========

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                                            
                                                                                
Annuity reserves............................................................       $ 1,417,803    $ 1,425,973
Notes payable ..............................................................           255,756        213,668
Insurance reserves .........................................................           113,002        120,992
Deferred income taxes payable ..............................................            64,461           --
Allowance for loss on loans serviced .......................................            44,970         26,822
Repurchase agreements ......................................................            40,857           --
Other liabilities ..........................................................            48,086         35,550
                                                                                   -----------    -----------
           Total liabilities ...............................................         1,984,935      1,823,005
                                                                                   -----------    -----------
                                                                                
Stockholders' equity:                                                           
    Preferred stock, $2 par value;                                              
        Authorized - 20,000,000 shares;                                         
        Issued - 1,955,000 shares of 6 3/4% PRIDES(sm)  ($44 per share          
           liquidation preference) .........................................             3,910           --
    Common stock, $2 par value;                                                 
        Authorized - 100,000,000 shares;                                        
        Issued - 29,302,246 and 28,541,154 shares ..........................            58,604         57,082
    Additional paid-in capital .............................................           179,848         94,129
    Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities ...............................            29,514        (46,858)
    Retained earnings ......................................................           122,816         62,025
    Treasury stock and ESOP debt ...........................................           (12,741)       (11,128)
                                                                                   -----------    ----------- 
        Total stockholders' equity .........................................           381,951        155,250
                                                                                   -----------    -----------
           Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.......................       $ 2,366,886    $ 1,978,255
                                                                                   ===========    ===========
</TABLE>                                                                       

                                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       43

<PAGE>   44


            UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Year Ended December 31,     
                                                        -----------------------------------
                                                           1995         1994         1993  
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                       (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenues:
   Interest, charges and fees on loans ..............   $ 128,665    $ 111,994    $  92,737
   Loan sale gains ..................................     142,156       86,735       59,441
   Investment income ................................     104,062       84,666       75,527
   Loan servicing income ............................      14,559       19,926       13,624
   Net insurance premiums ...........................       8,508       11,373       18,684
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------
   Total ............................................     397,950      314,694      260,013
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------

Expenses:
   Interest on annuity policies .....................      79,086       73,065       76,086
   Personnel ........................................      76,022       57,380       40,784
   Interest .........................................      28,308       14,563       10,158
   Loan loss provision ..............................      16,025       13,457       17,343
   Insurance commissions ............................      13,630       14,264       13,920
   Insurance benefits ...............................       9,930       12,654       18,200
   Other operating ..................................      60,185       45,237       40,461
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------
           Total ....................................     283,186      230,620      216,952
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------

Income from continuing operations before income taxes     114,764       84,074       43,061

Provision for income taxes ..........................      41,805       29,492       14,744
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------

Income from continuing operations ...................      72,959       54,582       28,317

Loss from discontinued operations:
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of
       income tax expense benefit of $1,084
       $2,702 and $314, respectively ................      (2,014)      (5,048)        (676)
   Loss on disposal, net of income tax benefit
       of $794 and $8,326, respectively .............      (1,477)        --        (16,066)
                                                        ---------    ---------    --------- 
           Total ....................................      (3,491)      (5,048)     (16,742)
                                                        ---------    ---------    --------- 

Net income ..........................................   $  69,468    $  49,534    $  11,575
                                                        =========    =========    =========

Per share data:
   Income from continuing operations ................   $    2.36    $    1.92    $    1.20
   Loss from discontinued operations ................        (.11)        (.18)        (.71)
                                                        ---------    ---------    --------- 
   Net income .......................................   $    2.25    $    1.74    $     .49
                                                        =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>



                                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                       44

<PAGE>   45



            UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              Year Ended December 31,       
                                                                                 -------------------------------------------
                                                                                       1995           1994           1993   
                                                                                 -------------------------------------------
                                                                                                   (in thousands)
<S>                                                                              <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from continuing operating activities:
     Income from continuing operations .......................................   $    72,959    $    54,582    $    28,317
     Adjustments to reconcile income from continuing operations
        to net cash provided by continuing operating activities:
        Decrease (increase) in deferred policy acquisition costs .............         1,212         (8,420)        (3,488)
        Increase in accrued interest receivable ..............................       (16,065)        (7,033)        (3,401)
        Decrease (increase) in other assets ..................................         2,044         (8,155)           595
        Decrease in insurance reserves .......................................        (7,990)       (12,596)        (8,727)
        Increase (decrease) in other liabilities .............................        (5,911)        (2,829)        18,241
        Loan sale gains ......................................................      (164,112)       (94,673)       (62,896)
        Amortization of capitalized excess servicing income ..................        72,719         40,255         21,544
        Investment gains .....................................................          (325)          (219)          (595)
        Interest on annuity policies .........................................        79,086         73,065         76,086
        Loan loss provision ..................................................        16,025         13,457         17,343
        Amortization and depreciation ........................................         4,462          3,387          3,624
        Deferred income taxes ................................................        30,758         12,301         (3,532)
        Proceeds from sales and principal collections of loans
          held for sale ......................................................     1,507,514      1,000,970        478,213
        Originations and purchases of loans held for sale ....................    (1,600,213)      (949,448)      (595,893)
        Net cash flows from trading investment securities ....................           (73)          (687)          --  
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
                 Net cash provided (used) by continuing operating activities .        (7,910)       113,957        (34,569)
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    ----------- 

Cash flows from discontinued operating activities ............................          --           (2,889)        (5,612)
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    ----------- 

Cash flows from investing activities:
           Principal collected on loans held for investment ..................        77,182         94,588         95,755
           Proceeds from sales of loans held for investment ..................          --             --              593
           Originations and acquisition of loans held for investment .........       (39,547)        (8,798)        (4,560)
           Increase in reserve accounts ......................................       (73,274)       (54,308)       (20,046)
           Proceeds from sales of investment securities ......................        27,047          9,459         25,475
           Proceeds from maturities or calls of investment securities ........        53,914         76,978        117,117
           Purchase of held-to-maturity securities ...........................          --             --         (283,853)
           Purchases of available-for-sale securities ........................      (136,579)      (300,384)          --
           Capital expenditures ..............................................       (10,885)        (4,693)          (893)
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    ----------- 
                 Net cash used by investing activities .......................      (102,142)      (187,158)       (70,412)
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    ----------- 

Cash flows from financing activities:
           Payments on mortgage loan .........................................          --             --          (15,750)
           Proceeds from senior debt and mortgage loan .......................       103,219        125,192           --
           Decrease in revolving credit debt .................................       (72,163)       (82,838)       (35,000)
           Increase (decrease) in repurchase agreement .......................        40,857        (30,000)        30,000
           Increase (decrease) in debt with maturities of three months or less       (14,750)        14,250           (600)
           Increase in warehouse loan facility ...............................        19,321           --             --
           Proceeds from ESOP debt ...........................................         6,283           --             --
           Payments on ESOP debt .............................................          (321)          --             --
           Deposits received from annuities ..................................       135,534        249,737        207,682
           Payments on annuities .............................................      (222,791)      (191,811)      (136,340)
           Cash dividends paid ...............................................        (8,677)        (5,050)        (3,624)
           Increase in managed cash overdraft ................................        11,241         10,374          2,409
           Proceeds from issuance of stock ...................................        83,254          4,545         48,714
           Increase in unearned ESOP compensation ............................        (2,313)        (2,434)          --
           Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants ..............         3,086            542            298
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
                 Net cash provided by financing activities ...................        81,780         92,507         97,789
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents .............................       (28,272)        16,417        (12,804)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period .............................        56,359         39,942         52,746
                                                                                 -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period ...................................   $    28,087    $    56,359    $    39,942
                                                                                 ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

                                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       45

<PAGE>   46



            UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
          
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Net                     Treasury
                                                                 Additional     Unrealized                Stock and        Total
                                        Common      Preferred     Paid-in     Gain (Loss) on   Retained      ESOP      Stockholders'
                                         Stock       Stock        Capital       Securities     Earnings      Debt         Equity
                                      ---------    ----------   -----------     ----------    ---------- -----------   ------------
                                                                               (in thousands)                          
<S>                                   <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1992,                                                                                            
     as previously reported...........$  18,730                  $   31,461                   $  52,037  $   (5,970)   $   96,258
Effect of 1995 stock split............   18,730                     (18,730)                                                   
                                      ---------    ----------   -----------      --------    ----------  -----------   ----------
Balance, December 31, 1992,                                                                                            
     as restated......................   37,460                      12,731                      52,037       (5,970)      96,258
Net income............................                                                           11,575                    11,575
Dividends paid........................                                                           (3,624)                   (3,624)
Decrease in ESOP debt.................                                                                           147          147
Common stock options                                                                                                   
     exercised........................    1,476                       1,301                                                 2,777
Treasury shares acquired..............                                                                        (2,479)      (2,479)
Preferred stock issued................             $   20,000        (1,239)                                               18,761
Preferred stock converted into                                                                                         
  common stock........................    7,804       (20,000)       12,196                                                     
Common stock issued...................    4,000                      25,953                                                29,953
                                      ---------    ----------   -----------      --------    ----------  -----------   ----------
                                                                                                                       
Balance, December 31, 1993............   50,740         -            50,942                      59,988       (8,302)     153,368
Net income............................                                                           49,534                    49,534
Dividends paid........................    5,184                      37,263                     (47,497)                   (5,050)
Increase in ESOP debt.................                                                                        (2,222)      (2,222)
Common stock options..................                                                                                 
     exercised........................      398                       1,749                                                 2,147
Treasury shares acquired..............                                                                          (604)        (604)
Common stock issued...................      600                       3,945                                                 4,545
Common stock warrants                                                                                                  
  exercised...........................      160                         230                                                   390
Mark-to-market adjustment                                                                                              
  on investments......................                                            (46,858)                                (46,858)
                                      ---------    ----------   -----------      --------    ----------  -----------   ----------
                                                                                                                       
Balance, December 31, 1994               57,082           -          94,129       (46,858)       62,025      (11,128)     155,250
Net income............................                                                           69,468                    69,468
Dividends paid........................                                                           (8,677)                   (8,677)
Increase in ESOP debt.................                                                                       ( 1,613)      (1,613)
Common stock warrants                                                                                                  
     exercised........................      704                         696                                                 1,400
Common stock options                                                                                                   
     exercised........................      818                       5,386                                                 6,204
Preferred stock issued................                  3,910        79,344                                                83,254
Release of ESOP shares................                                  293                                                   293
Mark-to-market adjustment                                                                                              
     on investments...................                                             76,372                                  76,372
                                      ---------    ----------   -----------      --------    ----------  -----------   ----------
Balance, December 31, 1995            $  58,604    $    3,910   $   179,848      $ 29,514    $  122,816  $   (12,741)  $  381,951
                                      =========    ==========   ===========      ========    ==========  ===========   ==========
</TABLE>


                                 See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                       46

<PAGE>   47



            UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995, 1994 AND 1993


1.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     1.1 Principles of Consolidation. The consolidated financial statements
include United Companies Financial Corporation (the "Company" or "United
Companies") and subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated
financial statements.

     1.2 Loan Accounting.  The Company originates loans for its own portfolio
and for sale and/or securitization in the secondary market.

     1.2(a) Loan Sales. The Company sells substantially all loans which it
originates and generally retains the servicing rights on loans sold. At the
time of sale, the Company recognizes a gain on loans sold in an amount equal to
the present value of the difference between the interest spread retained by the
Company and a normal servicing fee and other expenses over the estimated life
of the loan. Under the sales/servicing agreements, the buyer receives the
principal collected on the loan and an agreed upon rate of return on the
outstanding principal balance; the Company retains the excess of the interest
at the contractual rate over the sum of the rate paid to the buyer (the
"pass-through" rate) and, where applicable, the trustee fee and surety bond
fee. Generally, this interest spread retained by the Company differs
significantly from a normal servicing fee and is reflected on the Company's
balance sheet as a receivable, capitalized excess servicing income. Capitalized
excess servicing income is calculated using prepayment, default and interest
rate assumptions that the Company believes market participants would use for
similar financial instruments at the time of the sale but is not reduced for
estimated credit losses under recourse provisions of the sale. Such estimated
credit losses are shown separately as a liability on the Company's balance
sheet as allowance for loss on loans serviced. The Company has developed its
assumptions based on experience with its own loan portfolio and available
market data. For fixed rate loans the Company uses prepayment assumptions based
on the prepayment experience of its owned and serviced loan portfolio.
Prepayment rates for adjustable rate loans are derived from available market
data and prepayment experience of the Company's owned and serviced portfolio.
The weighted average discount rate used by the Company to determine the present
value of expected cash flows from excess servicing arising from loan sale
transactions occurring in 1995, 1994 and 1993 was 10%. Gains from partial sales
of loans are adjusted based on fair value on the date that the loan was
acquired or, if not practicable, the date of the sale. The Company believes
that the capitalized excess servicing income recognized at the time of sale
does not exceed the amount that would have been received if it were sold in the
marketplace.

            In calculating loan sale gains, the Company considers current
economic and market conditions at the date of sale. In subsequent periods, the
Company reviews as of each balance sheet date its prepayment assumptions in
relation to current rate of prepayment and, if necessary, revises its estimates
using the original discount rate. Any losses arising from adverse prepayment
experience are recognized immediately. Favorable experience is recognized
prospectively.

     1.2(b) Nonrefundable Loan Fees. Loan origination fees and incremental
direct costs associated with loan originations are deferred and recognized over
the lives of the loans as an adjustment to yield, using the interest method.
Unamortized costs and fees are recognized upon sale of the loan or related
mortgage-backed securities to third parties.

     1.2(c) Loan Servicing. The Company generally retains the right to service
loans it originates and subsequently sells or securitizes in the secondary
market. Fees for servicing loans and mortgage-backed securities relating to
loans originated by the Company and sold with servicing rights retained are
generally based on a stipulated percentage of the outstanding principal balance
of such loans and are recognized when earned. Interest received


                                       47

<PAGE>   48



on loans sold, less amounts paid to investors, is reported as loan servicing
income. Capitalized excess servicing income is amortized systematically to
reduce loan servicing income to an amount representing normal servicing income
and the present value discount. Prior to the adoption of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 122 ("SFAS 122"), "Accounting for Mortgage Servicing
Rights", the Company recognized late charges and other ancillary income when
collected and charged costs to service mortgage loans when incurred. As further
discussed in Note 1.11, the Company implemented the provisions of SFAS 122 in
the third quarter of 1995 and, in connection therewith, changed its method of
accounting for mortgage servicing rights to recognize as separate assets rights
to service mortgage loans for others that have been acquired through either the
purchase or origination of such loans.

     1.2(d) Allowance for Loan Losses. The Company provides for estimated loan
losses on loans owned by the Company by establishing an allowance for loan
losses through a charge to earnings. The Company conducts periodic reviews of
the quality of the loan portfolio and estimates the risk of loss based upon
historical loss experience, prevailing economic conditions, estimated
collateral value and such other factors which, in management's judgment, are
relevant in estimating the adequacy of the Company's allowance for loan losses.
While management uses the best information available in conducting its
evaluation, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if there are
significant changes in economic conditions, collateral value or other elements
used in conducting the review.

     1.2(e) Allowance for Loss on Loans Serviced. The Company's loan sale
agreements generally provide for the subordination of cash and excess interest
spread relating to the loans sold. Such subordination relates to credit losses
which may occur after the sale of the loans and continues until the earlier of
the payment in full of the loans or the termination of the agreement pursuant
to which the loans were sold. In connection with the securitization and sale of
home equity pass-through certificates, the interest retained by the Company is
subordinated to a limited extent to the sold certificates and will be used to
fund a reserve account, thereby providing a credit enhancement to the holders
of the certificates. On certain loan sale transactions prior to 1991, the loan
sale agreements provided limited recourse against the Company for credit
losses. The Company has funded a portion of such recourse through the pledge of
certificates of deposit. Regardless of the structure of the loan sale
transaction, the Company estimates the amount of future losses under the loan
sale agreements and provides a reserve for such loss in determining the amount
of gain recorded on the sale.

     1.2(f)   Other.  Loans are placed on a nonaccrual status when they are
past due 150 days.

     1.2(g) Property Acquired in Satisfaction of Debt. The Company records
properties received in settlement of loans ("foreclosed property") at the lower
of their market value less estimated costs to sell ("market") or the
outstanding loan amount plus accrued interest ("cost"). The Company
accomplishes this by providing a specific reserve, on a property by property
basis, for the difference between market and cost. Market value is determined
by property appraisals performed either by Company personnel or independent
appraisers. The related adjustments are included in the Company's provision for
loan losses.

     1.3      Insurance Accounting.

     1.3(a) Life and Annuity Contracts. Income on short duration single premium
contracts, primarily credit insurance products, is recognized over the contract
period. Premiums on other insurance contracts, principally traditional life
insurance and limited payment life insurance policies, are recognized as
revenue when due.

              Policy benefit reserves for traditional life insurance policies
have been provided on a net level premium method including assumptions as to
investment yield, mortality and withdrawals based on the Company's experience
and industry standards with provisions for possible adverse deviation.
Investment yield assumptions range from 5.5% to 8.5% per annum. Policy benefit
reserves include certain deferred profits on limited payment policies.  These
profits are being recognized in income over the policy term.


                                       48

<PAGE>   49



              Reserves for annuity policies and interest sensitive life
policies represent the policy account balance, or accumulated fund value,
before applicable surrender charges. Benefit claims incurred in excess of
related policy account balances and interest credited during the period to
policy account balances are charged to expense.

              Commissions and other costs related to the production of new and
renewal business have been deferred. The deferred costs related to traditional
life insurance are amortized over the premium payment period using assumptions
consistent with those used in computing policy benefit reserves. Deferred costs
related to annuities and interest sensitive products are amortized over the
estimated life of the policy in relation to the present value of estimated
gross profits on the contract. The Company periodically reviews the
appropriateness of assumptions used in calculating the estimated gross profits
on annuity contracts. Any change required in these assumptions may result in an
adjustment to deferred policy acquisition costs which would affect income.

              Participating business, primarily related to the Company's
pre-need funeral policy, represented 8.2%, 7.2%, and 6.3% of the life insurance
in force as of December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The amount of
dividends paid on participating policies is based on published dividend scales
and totaled $1.2 million, $1.0 million and $1.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

     1.3(b)   Reinsurance.

              Life insurance. UCLIC generally reinsures with other insurance
companies the portion of any one risk which exceeds $100,000. On certain types
of policies this limit is $25,000. UCLIC is contingently liable for insurance
ceded to reinsurers. Premiums ceded under reinsurance agreements were $1.7
million, $2.1 million, and $3.6 million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
Reserve credit taken under reinsurance agreements totaled $32.9 million, $34.0
million and $35.2 million at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

              UCLIC has assumed the following reinsurance from other insurers:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Insurance
                                                      in Force         Premiums
                                                     -----------     -----------
                                                              (in thousands)
                  <S>                                <C>             <C>
                  1995.............................  $   992,979     $     2,589
                  1994.............................    1,106,148           2,966
                  1993.............................    1,106,721           3,039
</TABLE>

              UCLIC has a receivable at December 31, 1995 of approximately
$33.9 million from one reinsurer; however, the funds supporting the receivable
are escrowed in a separate trust account for the benefit of UCLIC by the
reinsurer.

              The following table reflects the effect of reinsurance agreements
on premiums and the amounts earned for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                            ------------------------------------
                                               1995          1994         1993  
                                            ---------     ---------    ---------
                                                         (in thousands)
    <S>                                     <C>           <C>          <C>
    Direct premiums........................ $  7,659      $ 10,537     $ 19,294
    Reinsurance assumed....................    2,589         2,966        3,039
    Reinsurance ceded......................   (1,740)       (2,130)      (3,649)
                                            --------      --------    --------- 
       Net insurance premiums.............. $  8,508      $ 11,373     $ 18,684
                                            ========      ========     ========
</TABLE>



                                       49

<PAGE>   50



     1.4 Temporary Investments - Reserve Accounts. In connection with its loan
sale transactions, the Company has made initial cash deposits and has
subordinated certain cash flows (excess servicing income) payable to the
Company to the payment of scheduled principal and interest to investors. The
amounts on deposit are invested in certain instruments as permitted by the
trustee and earnings thereon accrue to the Company. To the extent amounts on
deposit exceed specified levels required by the subordination requirements,
distributions are made to the Company, and, at the termination of the
transaction, any remaining amounts on deposit will be distributed to the
Company.

     1.5 Investment securities. In accordance with the provisions of Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 ("SFAS 115"), the Company classifies
securities in one of three categories: "available-for-sale", "held-to-maturity"
or "trading". Securities classified as held-to-maturity are carried at
amortized cost, whereas securities classified as trading securities or
available-for-sale are recorded at fair value. The adjustment, net of
applicable income taxes, for investments classified as available-for-sale is
recorded in "Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities" and is included in
Stockholders' equity on the balance sheet and the adjustment for investments
classified as trading is recorded in "Investment income" in the statement of
income.

     1.6  Property.  Property is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line and accelerated methods over the
estimated useful lives of the assets.

     1.7 Income Taxes. The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated
federal income tax return. The Company allocates to its subsidiaries their
proportionate share of the consolidated tax liability under a tax allocation
agreement whereby each affiliate's federal income tax provision is computed on
a separate return basis. Deferred income taxes are provided for the effect of
revenues and expenses which are reported in different periods for financial
reporting purposes than for tax purposes. Such differences result primarily
from deferring policy acquisition costs, providing for bond and loan losses,
differences in the methods of computing reserves, loan income, loan sale gains
and depreciation.

     1.8 Cash Equivalents. For purposes of the Statements of Cash Flows, the
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 1995,
cash equivalents totaled $28.1 million bearing interest rates ranging from
5.25% to 5.61% per annum.

     1.9 Repurchase agreements. At December 31, 1995, UCLIC had a liability of
approximately $40.9 million incurred pursuant to securities sold under
agreements to repurchase ("repurchase agreements"). The securities sold under
these agreements are classified as "Available-for-sale" investment securities
and are carried at their aggregate market value of $42.2 million at December
31, 1995. The repurchase agreements bear interest at 5.70% and 5.74% and
matured in January, 1996.

     1.10 Financial instruments. The Company from time to time enters into
interest rate hedge mechanisms to manage its exposure to interest rate changes
in connection with the securitization and sale of its home equity loans. The
Company closes out the hedge position to coincide with the related loan sale
and recognizes the results of the hedge transaction in determining the amount
of the related loan sale gain.

     1.11 Accounting Standards. In May 1993 and in October 1994, the FASB
issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 114 and 118 ("SFAS
114" and "SFAS 118") which address the accounting by creditors for impairment
of loans and specify how allowances for credit losses related to certain loans
should be determined. The statements also address the accounting by creditors
for all loans that are restructured in a troubled debt restructuring involving
modification of terms of a receivable. The implementation of the provisions of
SFAS 114 and SFAS 118 in the first quarter of 1995 did not have a material
effect on the financial statements of the Company.

          On May 12, 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 122, "Accounting for Mortgage
Servicing Rights" ("SFAS No. 122"). SFAS No. 122 requires that a mortgage
banking enterprise recognize as separate assets rights to service mortgage
loans for others that have been


                                       50

<PAGE>   51



acquired through either the purchase or origination of such loans. With respect
to loans originated, this is accomplished by allocating total costs incurred
between the loan and the servicing rights based on their relative fair values.
The estimated fair value of the servicing rights is determined by discounting
expected future cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the risk
involved. Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 122, the Company recognized late
charges and other ancillary income when collected and charged costs to service
mortgage loans when incurred. The Company elected to implement the provisions
of this statement on a prospective basis during the third quarter of 1995. The
assumptions used by the Company included estimates of the cost of servicing the
loans, the discount rate, float value, inflation rate, ancillary income per
loan, prepayment speeds and default rates. The amount capitalized at December
31, 1995 was $5.8 million and is included in "other assets". Net income for
1995 was increased by $3.9 million, or $.13 per share, respectively, on a fully
diluted basis as a result of the Company's implementation of SFAS No. 122.

              On October 23, 1995, the FASB issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS
123"). SFAS 123 encourages, but does not require, the recognition of
compensation expense for grants of stock, stock options and other equity
instruments to employees based on a fair value method of accounting. Companies
are permitted to continue to apply the existing accounting rules contained in
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees" ("APB 25"); however, companies that choose to retain this method of
accounting will be required to provide expanded disclosures of pro forma net
income and earnings per share in the notes to financial statements as if the
new fair value method of accounting had been adopted. The provisions of SFAS
123 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995. The
Company has elected to continue to apply the accounting rules contained in APB
25 and to comply with the additional disclosure requirements as set forth in
SFAS 123.

          1.12 Reclassifications. Certain prior year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. Such
reclassifications had no effect on net income.

2.   INVESTMENT SECURITIES - NET

     The Company's portfolio of investment securities as of December 31, 1995
consisted of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Amortized       Unrealized   Unrealized       Fair
                                                        Cost           Gains        Losses         Value     
                                                    -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         (in thousands)                          
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>                <C>             <C>
Trading                                            
         Common stock.............................. $        545    $       215    $      8     $       752
                                                    ============    ===========    ========     =========== 

Available-for-sale                                                                           
         Debt securities                                                                        
             Corporate............................. $    328,546    $    22,452    $    679     $   350,319
             U.S. Treasury.........................       11,504            409           -          11,913
               Mortgage-backed.....................      733,516         22,258         602         755,172
               Foreign governments.................       20,394          1,916           -          22,310
               Other...............................          425             21           -             446           
                                                    ------------    -----------    --------     -----------           
Total..............................................    1,094,385         47,056       1,281       1,140,160
                                                    ------------    -----------    --------     -----------
                                                                                                
          Equity securities........................          629             78         446             261   
                                                    ------------    -----------    --------     -----------        
                    Total.......................... $  1,095,014    $    47,134       1,727     $ 1,140,421
                                                    ============    ===========    ========     =========== 
Held-to-maturity                                                                                
          Debt securities                                                                       
              Corporate............................ $      6,692    $       550    $      -     $     7,242
              Mortgage-backed......................       44,894          1,414       3,939          42,369
                                                    ------------    -----------    --------     -----------
                    Total.......................... $     51,586    $     1,964       3,939     $    49,611
                                                    ============    ===========    ========     =========== 
Other                                                                                           
          Investment in limited partnerships....... $     25,594                                $    25,594
                                                    ============                                ===========   
</TABLE>




                                       51

<PAGE>   52

    The Company's portfolio of investment securities as of December 31, 1994
consisted of the following:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Amortized         Unrealized      Unrealized         Fair
                                                            Cost              Gains          Losses           Value     
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                               (in thousands)
   <S>                                               <C>                  <C>             <C>                   <C>
   Trading
         Common stock.............................     $          656     $         51    $         28    $         679
                                                       ==============     ============    ============    ============= 

   Available-for-sale                                                                                      
         Debt securities                                                                                   
             Corporate............................     $      258,549     $        321    $     13,148    $     245,722
             U.S. Treasury........................             10,720               31             238           10,513
             Mortgage-backed......................            743,359               22          58,218          685,163
             Foreign governments..................             18,433              190             603           18,020
             Other................................                425               13               -              438
                                                       --------------     ------------    ------------    -------------
                   Total..........................          1,031,486              577          72,207          959,856
                                                       --------------     ------------    ------------    -------------
                                                                                                           
          Equity securities.......................                703               36             495              244
                                                       --------------     ------------    ------------    -------------
                   Total..........................     $    1,032,189     $        613    $     72,702    $     960,100
                                                       ==============     ============    ============    ============= 
   Held-to-maturity                                                                                        
          Debt securities                                                                                  
              Corporate...........................     $       10,829     $        300    $        212    $      10,917
              Mortgage-backed.....................             46,562              110           2,505           44,167
                                                       --------------     ------------    ------------    -------------
                   Total..........................     $       57,391     $        410    $      2,717    $      55,084
                                                       ==============     ============    ============    ============= 
   Other                                                                                                   
         Investment in limited partnerships.......     $       26,672                                     $      26,672
                                                       ==============                                     =============    
</TABLE>

    The cost and estimated fair value of debt securities at December 31, 1995,
by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from
contractual maturities because certain issues may have the right to call or
prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Available-for-Sale                   Held-to-Maturity       
                                                    ------------------------------          ----------------------------    
                                                      Amortized         Fair                 Amortized         Fair
                                                        Cost            Value                   Cost           Value
                                                    -------------    -------------          -----------     ------------
                                                                               (in thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>                    <C>             <C>
1 year or less..................................... $       6,601    $       6,513          $      -        $       -
Over 1 year through 5 years........................        80,080           84,349                2,286            2,361
Over 5 years through 10 years......................       266,238          285,826                4,406            4,881
After 10 years.....................................         7,950            8,300                  -               -
Mortgage-backed securities.........................       733,516          755,172               44,894           42,369
                                                    -------------    -------------          -----------     ------------
         Total..................................... $   1,094,385    $   1,140,160          $    51,586     $     49,611
                                                    =============    =============          ===========     ============
</TABLE>



     Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities included in
Stockholders' equity at December 31, 1995 and 1994 are presented net of
deferred income taxes (benefit) of $15.9 million and ($25.2) million,
respectively.

     Proceeds from the sales of investments during 1995 totaled $27.0 million
and resulted in realized investment gains of $.3 million. Net investment gains
for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $.5


                                       52

<PAGE>   53

million, $.2 million and $.6 million, respectively, and are included in
investment income. At December 31, 1995, securities with a cost of $9.4 million
were on deposit with insurance regulatory authorities.

3.   LOANS - net

     3.1      Loans Owned.   The following schedule sets forth the components
of Loans owned by the Company at December 31, 1995 and 1994.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 31,               
                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                                1995                       1994     
                                                             ------------             -------------
                                                                         (in thousands)              
<S>                                                          <C>                      <C>
Home equity...............................................   $   236,987              $    202,551
Commercial................................................       169,990                   155,271
Conventional..............................................         1,340                     1,106
Foreclosed properties.....................................        25,017                    31,073
Nonrefundable loan fees...................................        (4,950)                   (4,538)
Consumer and other........................................           732                     1,536
                                                             ------------             -------------
    Total.................................................   $   429,116              $    386,999
                                                             ============             =============
</TABLE>

     Included in owned loans at December 31, 1995 and 1994 were nonaccrual
loans totaling $20.8 million and $21.7 million, respectively.

     The following schedule summarizes the composition of Loans - net at
December  31, 1995 and 1994:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         December 31,               
                                                            ---------------------------------------
                                                               1995                        1994     
                                                            ------------              -------------
                                                                        (in thousands)              
<S>                                                         <C>                       <C>
Loans.....................................................  $   429,116               $    386,999
Allowance for loan losses.................................      (14,891)                   (16,508)
Unearned discount.........................................         (651)                    (1,109)
                                                            ------------              -------------
Loans - net...............................................  $   413,574               $    369,382
                                                            ============              ============
</TABLE>

     3.2 Loans Serviced. The following table sets forth the loans serviced by
the Company for third parties at December 31, 1995 and 1994, by type of loan.
The right to service these loans was retained upon their sale in the secondary
market. Substantially all of these loans were originated by the Company.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 31,              
                                                             -------------------------------------
                                                                1995                      1994    
                                                             ------------             ------------
                                                                         (in thousands)             
<S>                                                          <C>                      <C>
Home equity...............................................   $  2,464,495             $  1,480,047
Commercial................................................         81,251                  126,691
Conventional..............................................         57,198                   73,136
                                                             ------------             ------------
          Total...........................................   $  2,602,944             $  1,679,874
                                                             ============             ============
</TABLE>

     3.3      Loan Loss Allowances.  The Company provides an estimate for
future credit losses in an Allowance for Loan Losses for loans owned by the
Company and in an Allowance for Loss on Loans Serviced for loans serviced for
others.



                                       53

<PAGE>   54



          A summary analysis of the changes in the Company's Allowance for Loan
Losses is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Year Ended December 31,    
                                 --------------------------------
                                   1995         1994        1993 
                                 --------    ---------   --------
                                          (in thousands)
<S>                              <C>         <C>         <C>
Balance at beginning of period   $ 16,508    $ 21,017    $ 15,842

Loans charged to allowance
    Home equity ..............    (13,818)    (12,745)     (9,114)
    Commercial ...............     (4,416)     (5,767)     (3,579)
    Conventional .............       (178)       (149)       (142)
                                 --------    --------    -------- 
         Total ...............    (18,412)    (18,661)    (12,835)
Recoveries on loans previously
  charged to allowance .......      1,643       1,209         631
                                 --------    --------    --------

Net loans charged off ........    (16,769)    (17,452)    (12,204)

Loan loss provision ..........     16,025      13,457      17,343
Reserve reclassification .....       (873)       (514)         36
                                 --------    --------    --------

Balance at end of year .......   $ 14,891    $ 16,508    $ 21,017
                                 ========    ========    ========

Specific reserves ............   $  5,445    $  6,571    $  8,500
Unallocated reserves .........      9,446       9,937      12,517
                                 --------    --------    --------

Total reserves ...............   $ 14,891    $ 16,508    $ 21,017
                                 ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

          Specific reserves are provided for foreclosures in which the carrying
value of the loan exceeds the market value of the collateral. Unallocated
reserves are provided for loans not in foreclosure and are calculated primarily
using objective measurement techniques. Unallocated reserves also include
reserves for active loans which have been modified or indicate potential
problems as well as reserves for a $32.5 million subordinated position the
Company acquired in connection with the securitization and sale of
approximately $230 million in commercial real estate mortgage loans in 1990. At
December 31, 1995, the Company owned $25.0 million of property acquired in
settlement of loans, excluding the specific reserves attributed to these
properties. These balances are included in the loans owned by the Company. The
specific reserve in the table above is provided to reduce the carrying value of
these properties to their estimated market value.

          A summary of the allowances for future credit losses on loans and
foreclosed properties owned by the Company and loans sold with recourse is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     December 31,        
                                             ----------------------------
                                               1995       1994     1993  
                                             -------   --------  --------
                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>       <C>       <C>
Allowance for loan losses
  (applicable to loans and
  foreclosed properties owned
       by the Company) ...................   $14,891   $16,508   $21,017

Allowance for loss on loans serviced
  (applicable to loans sold with recourse)    44,970    26,822    12,938
                                             -------   -------   -------
       Total .............................   $59,861   $43,330   $33,955
                                             =======   =======   =======

</TABLE>



                                       54

<PAGE>   55



         As of December 31, 1995, approximately $2.5 billion of home equity
loans sold were serviced under agreements substantially all of which provide
for the subordination of cash and excess interest spread owned by the Company
for credit losses ("loans sold with recourse"). The maximum recourse associated
with sales of home equity loans according to terms of the loan sales agreements
was approximately $475 million at December 31, 1995, of which $466 million
relates to the subordinated cash and excess interest spread. The Company's
estimate of its losses, based on historical loan loss experience, was
approximately $45.0 million at December 31, 1995 and is recorded in the
Company's allowance for loss on loans serviced. Should credit losses on loans
sold with limited recourse, or subordination of cash and excess interest spread
owned by the Company, materially exceed the Company's estimate for such losses,
such consequence will have a material adverse impact on the Company's
operations.

     3.4 Concentration of Credit Risk. The Company's serviced portfolio is
geographically diversified. Although the Company services mortgage loans in 48
states, at December 31, 1995, a substantial portion of loans serviced were
originated in Florida (10.5%), Ohio (10.0%) and Louisiana (8.8%) ,
respectively, and no other state accounted for more than 7.5% of the serviced
portfolio.  Included in the serviced portfolio are commercial loans originated
by the Company, a substantial portion of which were originated in Florida
(25.9%), Georgia (19.4%) and Colorado (10.9%) and no other state accounted for
more than 8.0% of the commercial loans serviced. The risk inherent in such
concentrations is dependent not only upon regional and general economic
stability which affects property values, but also the financial well-being and
creditworthiness of the borrower.

     3.5 Commitments. The Company uses a prefunding feature in connection with
loan securitization transactions. At December 31, 1995 approximately $3.7
million was held in a prefunding account for the purchase of the Company's home
equity loans during the first quarter of 1996. Pursuant to this commitment,
home equity loans with a remaining principal balance of approximately $3.7
million were delivered January 10, 1996.

4.   PROPERTY - NET

     Property is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    December 31,       
                                                                            ---------------------------
                                                                               1995              1994  
                                                                            ---------         ---------
                                                                                    (in thousands)
     <S>                                                                    <C>               <C>
     Land and buildings................................................     $  41,796         $  34,716
     Furniture, fixtures and equipment.................................        21,751            18,943
                                                                            ---------         ---------
         Total.........................................................        63,547            53,659
     Less accumulated depreciation.....................................       (24,888)          (23,094)
                                                                            ---------         ---------
         Total.........................................................      $ 38,659         $  30,565
                                                                            ==========        =========
</TABLE>

     Rental expense on operating leases, including real estate, computer
equipment and automobiles, totaled $6.4 million, $5.3 million and $3.3 million
during 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Minimum annual commitments at
December 31, 1995 under noncancellable operating leases are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                     <S>                                                   <C>
                     1996.............................................     $   5,652
                     1997.............................................         3,686
                     1998.............................................         1,544
                     1999.............................................           386
                     2000 ............................................           108
                     Thereafter.......................................             4
                                                                           ---------
                             Total....................................     $  11,380
                                                                           =========
</TABLE>





                                       55

<PAGE>   56



5.   OTHER ASSETS AND OTHER LIABILITIES

     At December 31, 1995, Other assets included amounts due from reinsurers of
$33.6 million and Policy loans of $20.3 million compared to $35.0 million and
$20.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 1994. In addition, included in
Other assets at December 31, 1994 was a federal income tax receivable of $6.2
million.

     Other liabilities at December 31, 1995 and 1994 included a $24.0 million
and $12.8 million managed cash overdraft, respectively.

6.  NOTES PAYABLE

    Notes payable consisted of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               December 31,    
                                           --------------------
                                             1995        1994  
                                           --------    --------
                                               (in thousands)
<S>                                        <C>        <C>
9.35% Senior unsecured notes due 11/1/99   $125,000   $125,000
7% Senior unsecured notes due 7/15/98 ..    100,000       --
Revolving credit agreement .............       --       72,163
Mortgage loan ..........................      5,473      1,755
Warehouse facility .....................     19,321       --
ESOP debt ..............................      5,962       --
Short-term borrowings ..................       --       14,750
                                           --------   --------
           Total .......................   $255,756   $213,668
                                           ========   ========
</TABLE>

      On July 25, 1995 and on November 2, 1994, the Company publicly sold $100
million and $125 million, respectively, of its senior unsecured notes. The
notes provide for interest payable semi-annually and are not redeemable prior
to maturity. The notes rank on a parity with other unsecured and unsubordinated
indebtedness of the Company. The net proceeds from the sale of the notes were
used primarily to repay the principal amount of indebtedness outstanding under
the Company's existing revolving credit facility with a group of banks.

     At December 31, 1995, the Company had available a secured warehouse
facility provided by the investment bank that acted as lead underwriter of the
Company's fourth quarter public loan securitization transaction. The warehouse
facility was directly related to the public securitization and initially
provided funding for up to $250 million of eligible home equity loans for such
securitization and matured on January 10, 1996 with the closing of the last
delivery of loans for the securitization. In addition, the mortgage lending
subsidiaries of the Company entered into a credit agreement dated as of May 23,
1995 with First Union National Bank of North Carolina and certain other lenders
signatory thereto. Under this facility, the mortgage lending subsidiaries may
borrow up to $150 million on a revolving basis secured by home equity loans
eligible thereunder. Loans under this facility are subject to the satisfaction
of certain borrowing conditions, including a minimum borrowing base and bear
interest at a floating rate. Borrowings under this warehouse facility are
required to be repaid from the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of the
home equity loan collateral. The lenders' commitment under this facility is
scheduled to terminate on May 23, 1997. As of December 31, 1995, approximately
$19.3 million was outstanding under this warehouse facility.

     The Company also has arrangements with banks providing for short-term
unsecured borrowings of up to $65 million, none of which was outstanding at
December 31, 1995. Borrowings under these lines of credit bear interest at
market or prime rates. Notes payable at December 31, 1995 include a $5.5
million mortgage loan for the construction of an office building adjacent to
the Company's home office building and is secured by a mortgage on the
property.



                                       56

<PAGE>   57



     The Company made payments for interest of $25.7 million, $13.0 million and
$9.5 million during the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

7.   INCOME TAXES

     The provision for income taxes attributable to continuing operations is as
follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year Ended December 31,          
                                                                       ------------------------------------------ 
                                                                          1995            1994           1993     
                                                                       -----------     -----------    ----------- 
         <S>                                                           <C>             <C>                        
         Current....................................................   $    11,047     $    17,191    $   18,276  
         Deferred...................................................        30,758          12,301        (3,532) 
                                                                       -----------     -----------    ---------- 
         Total......................................................   $    41,805     $    29,492    $   14,744  
                                                                       ===========     ===========    ==========
</TABLE>

     Reported income tax expense attributable to continuing operations differs
from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to
consolidated income from continuing operations before income taxes for the
following reasons:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,          
                                                                        ------------------------------------------ 
                                                                           1995            1994           1993     
                                                                        -----------     ----------     ---------- 
        <S>                                                             <C>             <C>            <C>         
        Federal income tax at statutory rate........................    $    40,168     $   29,426     $   15,072  
        Differences resulting from:                                                                                
          Reversal of timing differences at prior tax rates.........             -             -               15  
          State income taxes........................................            511            (72)            75  
          Other.....................................................          1,126            138           (418) 
                                                                        -----------     ----------     ---------- 
        Reported income tax provisions..............................    $    41,805     $   29,492     $   14,744  
                                                                        ===========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

     The significant components of the Company's net deferred income tax
(benefit) liability at December 31, 1995 and 1994 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 31,           
                                                                ---------------------------------
                                                                    1995                 1994    
                                                                ------------         ------------
                                                                         (in thousands)          
<S>                                                             <C>                  <C>
Deferred income tax assets:
   Allowance for loan losses................................... $        904         $     1,011
   Nonrefundable loan fees.....................................        1,732               1,588
   Policy reserves.............................................       21,530              21,464
   Mark-to-market adjustment...................................            -              25,231
   Investment securities.......................................        3,377               1,924
   Other.......................................................          840                 913
                                                                ------------         -----------
                                                                      28,383              52,131
                                                                ------------         -----------
Deferred income tax liabilities:
   Loan income.................................................       41,022              10,910
   Mark-to-market adjustment...................................       15,892                   -
   Mortgage servicing rights...................................        2,034                   -
   Real estate.................................................        4,421               4,175
   Deferred policy acquisition costs...........................       29,475              29,626
                                                                ------------         -----------
                                                                      92,844              44,711
                                                                ------------         -----------
Net deferred income tax (benefit) liability.................... $     64,461         $    (7,420)
                                                                ============         ===========
</TABLE>




                                       57

<PAGE>   58



     Payments made for income taxes during the years ended December 31, 1995,
1994 and 1993 were $7.8 million, $28.3 million and $5.4 million, respectively.

     Consolidated retained earnings at December 31, 1995 include approximately
$5.2 million of "Policyholders' Surplus" on which no federal income tax payment
will be required unless it is distributed as a dividend or exceeds the limits
prescribed by tax laws applicable to life insurance companies. A deferred
income tax liability has not been recognized for this amount. The maximum
federal income tax provision possibly required based on the current federal
income tax rate would be $1.8 million.

     At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company had a current income tax
receivable of $11.2 million and $6.2 million, respectively, which is included
in "Other assets".

8.   CAPITAL STOCK

     The Company has authorization to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of its
$2.00 par value common stock. There were 28,142,564 and 27,381,472 shares
outstanding at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, excluding 1,159,682
treasury shares. The Company also has authorization to issue 20,000,000 shares
of preferred stock of which 1,955,000 shares are currently issued (see
discussion of "PRIDES(sm)" below). Included in the authorized preferred stock
are 1,000,000 shares of Series A Junior Participating preferred stock and
800,000 shares of Cumulative Convertible preferred stock, none of which is
outstanding.

     On June 16, 1995, the Company concluded the sale of 1,955,000 shares of
its Preferred Redeemable Increased Dividend Equity Securities(sm), 6 3/4%
PRIDES(sm), Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $2.00 per share
("PRIDES(sm)"), at a price per share of $44.00. Dividends on the PRIDES(sm) are
cumulative and are payable quarterly in arrears on each January 1, April 1,
July 1 and October 1. Net proceeds to the Company were approximately $83.3
million.  The net proceeds from the sale of shares of PRIDES(sm) were used for
general corporate purposes.

     The PRIDES(sm) rank prior to the Company's common stock as to payment of
dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation. The shares of PRIDES(sm)
mandatorily convert into shares of common stock on July 1, 2000 (the "Mandatory
Conversion Date") on a two share to one share basis (as adjusted for the 100%
common stock dividend paid October 20, 1995), and the shares of PRIDES(sm) are
convertible into shares of common stock at the option of the holder at any time
prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date on the basis of 1.652 of a share of
common stock for each share of PRIDES(sm), in each case subject to adjustment
in certain events. In addition, the Company has the option to convert the
shares of PRIDES(sm), in whole or in part, on or after July 1, 1998 until the
Mandatory Conversion Date, into shares of its common stock according to a
formula.

     On October 26, 1994, the Company's Board of Directors declared a 10%
common stock dividend payable to shareholders of record on December 22, 1994.
The additional shares were distributed on January 10, 1995. On August 23, 1995,
the Company's Board of Directors declared a two-for-one common stock split
effected in the form of a 100% stock dividend on outstanding stock which was
distributed October 20, 1995, to stockholders of record on October 9, 1995. All
per share amounts, numbers of shares and related amounts for all periods
presented in the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto have been
retroactively adjusted to reflect these transactions. During 1995 and 1994, the
Company paid cash dividends on its common stock in the amount of $5.5 million
and $5.1 million, or $.20 and $.182 per share, respectively. In addition,
during 1995, the Company paid cash dividends on its PRIDES(sm) in the amount of
$3.1 million or $1.61 per share. See Note 10 for a discussion of dividend
restrictions on retained earnings.

     On July 27, 1994, the Board of Directors authorized the redemption of the
rights under the rights plan of the Company adopted in 1989 (the "1989 Rights
Plan") and approved a new rights plan (the "1994 Rights Plan"). In connection
with the redemption, the rights under the 1989 Rights Plan (the "1989 Rights")
were redeemed at a price of $.0039526 per 1989 Right with the aggregate
redemption price payable to each holder of the 1989 Rights to be rounded up to
the nearest $.01. In approving the 1994 Rights Plan, the Board of Directors
declared a dividend


                                       58

<PAGE>   59



distribution of one preferred share purchase right for each outstanding share
of the Company's Common Stock. The rights under the 1994 Rights Plan will
become exercisable only upon the occurrence of certain events as specified
therein (primarily certain changes in ownership of the Company).

     At December 31, 1995 and 1994, 1,159,682 shares of the Company's common
stock, or 4% of the issued common stock, were held as treasury stock at a cost
of $6.8 million.

9.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

     9.1   Employee Stock Ownership Plan. All employees who meet minimum age
and service requirements participate in the Company's Employee Stock Ownership
Plan ("ESOP"). The Company makes annual tax deductible contributions to the
ESOP which are used to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock
or to pay debt service on shares acquired with the proceeds of loans
("leveraged shares"). The ESOP's leveraged shares are initially pledged as
collateral for the debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of such
shares. As the debt is repaid, the shares are released from collateral and
allocated to plan participants. Contributions are allocated among participants
based on years of service and compensations. Upon retirement, death or
disability, the employee or a beneficiary receives the designated common stock.

          The Company's cash contributions to the ESOP were $2.3 million, $2.2
million and $.9 million for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993,
respectively. Shares held by the ESOP at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 were
approximately 4.0 million, 4.7 million and 4.3 million, respectively. At
December 31, 1994, the ESOP had borrowed $4.3 million from the Company bearing
interest at rates ranging from 7.85% to 9.50%. During 1995, the ESOP was
granted a $10 million line of credit from a financial institution. During 1995,
the ESOP borrowed $1.6 million under this line of credit and refinanced the
amounts previously borrowed from the Company. At December 31, 1995 the ESOP had
notes payable with a balance of $6.0 million under this line of credit. Because
the source of the loan payments is primarily contributions received by the ESOP
from the Company, such debt is included in the Company's notes payable with a
corresponding reduction of stockholder's equity. In accordance with Statement
of Position 93-6 ("SOP 93-6"), leveraged shares purchased subsequent to
December 31, 1992 are, upon release, reflected as compensation expense based on
the then current market price of the shares. Shares which have not been
committed to be released are not considered outstanding for purposes of the
computation of earnings per share. During 1995, 165,000 shares of the Company's
common stock which were considered outstanding for earnings per share purposes
in prior periods were not considered outstanding. At December 31, 1995,
approximately 8,000 shares of common stock were committed to be released
resulting in additional compensation expense of approximately $.2 million
during 1995. At December 31, 1995, the ESOP had approximately 800,000 leveraged
shares, of which approximately 288,000 were accounted for under the provisions
of SOP 93-6. The fair value of the 288,000 leveraged shares accounted for under
the provisions of SOP 93-6 was $7.6 million at December 31, 1995.



                                       59

<PAGE>   60



     9.2    Stock Option Plans.  The following is a summary of options granted,
exercised or canceled during 1993, 1994 and 1995.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Option Price
                                              Shares                      Per Share          
                                           ------------            ----------------------
<S>                                          <C>                   <C>         
January 1, 1993............................   1,871,050            $   2.77 to $     4.55
       Granted.............................     847,880            $   4.12 to $     6.42
       Exercised...........................   (811,652)            $   2.77 to $     4.13
       Canceled............................    (97,432)                     
                                           ------------                     
December 31, 1993..........................   1,809,846            $   2.77 to $     6.42
       Granted.............................     138,596            $  15.46 to $    19.21
       Exercised...........................   (219,174)            $   2.77 to $     4.13
       Canceled............................    (29,822)                     
                                           ------------                     
December 31, 1994..........................   1,699,446            $   2.77 to $    19.21
       Granted.............................     670,600            $  16.00 to $    22.38
       Exercised...........................   (409,092)            $   2.77 to $     6.42
       Canceled............................    (40,734)            
                                           ------------                                        
December 31, 1995..........................  1,920,220
                                           ============
</TABLE>

          At December 31, 1995 options for 522,084 of the Company's common
stock were exercisable and 914,396 shares were available for the granting of
options. During 1995 and 1994, the Company recognized a $4.4 million and a $1.4
million federal income tax benefit, respectively, as a result of the exercise
of non-qualified stock options. This benefit resulted in a decrease in current
income taxes payable and an increase in additional paid-in capital.

     9.3 Employees' Savings Plan and Trust. The United Companies Financial
Corporation Employees' Savings Plan and Trust is designed to be a qualified
plan under Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the
plan, employees are allowed to defer income on a pre-tax basis through
contributions to the plan and the Company matches a portion of such
contributions. The Company's matching contributions totaled $1.3 million, $1.0
million and $.4 million during 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Employees
have five investment options, one of which is to invest in the Company's common
stock. The plan held 567,971 and 558,386 shares of the Company's common stock
at December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

      9.4 Deferred Compensation Plans. Postretirement benefits are provided to
eligible executive and senior officers of the Company under a deferred
compensation plan. The cost of this plan during 1995 and 1994 was $.2 million
and $.3 million, respectively. The Company calculated its postretirement
benefit obligation as of December 31, 1995 using a weighted average discount
rate of 6.5%. A reconciliation of the funded status of the deferred
compensation plan as of December 31, 1995 and 1994 is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           December 31, 1995        Net Change     December 31, 1994
                                           -----------------        ----------     -----------------
                                                                  (in thousands)
<S>                                           <C>                   <C>              <C>
Accumulated postretirement
    benefit obligation.................       $   (1,912)           $    (90)        $    (1,822)
Plan assets............................             -                     -                  -
                                              -----------           ---------        ------------
Funded status..........................           (1,912)                (90)             (1,822)
Unrecognized transition
    obligation.........................            1,138                 (66)              1,204
                                              -----------           ---------        ------------
Accrued postretirement
    benefit cost.......................       $     (774)           $   (156)        $      (618)
                                              ===========           =========        ============


</TABLE>


                                       60

<PAGE>   61


10.  REGULATORY ACCOUNTING

     Accounting records of UCLIC are also maintained in accordance with
practices prescribed or authorized by insurance regulatory authorities.
Prescribed statutory accounting principles include a variety of publications of
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, as well as state laws,
regulations, and general administrative rules. Permitted statutory accounting
practices encompass all accounting practices not so prescribed. UCLIC's capital
and surplus pursuant to the regulatory accounting basis as of December 31, 1995
and 1994 was $99.9 million and $90.0 million, respectively. UCLIC's regulatory
accounting basis net gain from operations for the years ended December 31,
1995, 1994 and 1993 was $12.8 million, $9.7 million and $13.0 million,
respectively.  Net income (loss) of UCLIC on a regulatory accounting basis,
which includes realized capital gains and losses, was $10.0 million, $5.8
million and $(1.7) million for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and
1993, respectively. As a Louisiana domiciled insurance company, UCLIC is
subject to certain regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. UCLIC
has the capacity at December 31, 1995 to pay dividends of $9.2 million without
prior regulatory approval. UCLIC did not pay any dividends to the Company
during 1993, 1994 or 1995 in order to retain capital in UCLIC. At December 31,
1995, UCLIC has $186.5 million of net assets for financial reporting purposes.

     UCLIC received written approval from the Louisiana Department of Insurance
to invest in first lien residential mortgage loans originated by the Company on
a short-term basis without recording the assignment of the mortgage loans to
UCLIC, which differs from prescribed statutory accounting practices. Statutory
accounting practices prescribed by the State of Louisiana require that
investments in mortgage loans be secured by unrestricted first liens on the
underlying property. As of December 31, 1995, statutory surplus was increased
by approximately $53.7 million as a result of this permitted practice.

11.  DISCLOSURE ABOUT FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107 ("SFAS 107") requires
that the Company disclose the estimated fair values of its financial
instruments, both assets and liabilities recognized and not recognized in its
financial statements.

     SFAS 107 defines financial instruments as cash and contractual rights and
obligations that require settlement in cash or by exchange of financial
instruments. Fair value is defined as the amount at which the instrument could
be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties other than in a
forced or liquidation sale.



                                       61

<PAGE>   62



     The carrying value and fair value of the Company's financial assets and
liabilities at December 31, 1995 and 1994 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1995                              1994
                                                  --------------------------       ---------------------------
                                                   Carrying                          Carrying
                                                    Value        Fair Value            Value       Fair Value
                                                  -----------   ------------       -------------   -----------
                                                       (in thousands)                    (in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>           <C>                <C>             <C>
Financial assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents.................... $    28,087   $     28,087       $      56,359   $    56,359
    Temporary investments - reserve accounts.....     155,254        155,254              81,980        81,980
    Loans - net..................................     394,002        396,923             344,880       343,121
    Capitalized excess servicing income..........     283,454        283,454             179,065       179,065
    Investment securities:
         Trading.................................         752            752                 679           679
         Available-for-sale......................   1,140,421      1,140,421             960,100       960,100
         Held-to-maturity........................      51,586         49,611              57,391        55,084
    Other assets.................................      70,916         71,628              61,430        61,430

Financial liabilities:
    Annuity reserves.............................   1,417,803      1,350,626           1,425,973     1,354,944
    Notes payable................................     255,756        270,558             213,668       212,314
    Allowance for loss on loans serviced.........      44,970         44,970              26,822        26,822
    Repurchase agreements........................      40,857         40,857                   -             -
    Other liabilities............................      29,528         29,528              15,679        15,679
</TABLE>

     The above values do not reflect any premium or discount from offering for
sale at one time the Company's entire holdings of a particular financial
instrument. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on
relevant market information, if available. Because no market exists for certain
of the Company's financial instruments, fair value estimates for these assets
and liabilities were based on subjective estimates of market conditions and
perceived risks of the financial instruments. Fair value estimates were also
based on judgments regarding future loss and prepayment experience and were
influenced by the Company's historical information.

     The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value
of the Company's financial instruments:

     Cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amount of cash and cash
equivalents approximates their fair values because these assets generally
mature in 90 days or less and do not present any significant credit concerns.

     Temporary investments - reserve accounts. The carrying value of temporary
investments is considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value.

     Loans. The fair value of the Company's loan portfolio was determined by
segregating the portfolio by type of loan and further by its performing and
nonperforming components. Performing loans were further segregated based on the
due date of their payments, an analysis of credit risk by category was
performed and a matrix of pricing by category was developed. Loans which had
been identified for sale were valued at their estimated sales price, which
includes the estimated value of the portion of the interest and fees which are
not sold with the securities backed by the loans. Loans which were current but
not identified for sale approximate the remaining principal balance which is
believed to represent an estimate of market discount from similar loans
identified for sale. The fair value of delinquent loans was estimated by using
the Company's historical recoverable amount on defaulted loans. Foreclosed
property is excluded from this disclosure because it is not considered a
financial instrument.

     Capitalized excess servicing income. The value of capitalized excess
servicing, which relates to the excess interest retained on loans sold, was
estimated by discounting the future cash flows, adjusted for prepayments and


                                       62

<PAGE>   63



estimated losses on loans sold with recourse. The carrying value is considered
to be a reasonable estimate of fair value.

     Investment securities. The estimated fair value for the Company's
investment security portfolio was generally determined from quoted market
prices for publicly traded securities. Certain of the securities owned by the
Company may trade infrequently or not at all; therefore, fair value for these
securities was determined by management by evaluating the relationship between
quoted market values and carrying value and assigning a liquidity factor to
this segment of the investment portfolio.

     Allowance for loss on loans serviced. In estimating the fair value of the
allowance for loss on loans serviced with recourse, the Company estimated the
timing of cash flows and discounted these cash flows using a risk-free interest
rate.

     Repurchase agreement. The repurchase agreements mature in less than 60
days; therefore, the carrying amount of the repurchase agreements are
considered to be a reasonable estimate of fair value.

     Other assets and other liabilities. Other assets include primarily due
from reinsurers, policy loans and mortgage servicing rights. Other liabilities 
are comprised primarily of managed cash overdraft, amounts due investors, escrow
accounts and accrued interest payable. In estimating the fair value of these
assets and liabilities, the Company scheduled the timing of their estimated
cash flows and discounted these cash flows based on a market rate of interest.

     Annuity reserves. The Company's annuity contracts generally do not have a
defined maturity and are considered as deposits under SFAS 97. SFAS 107 states
that the fair value to be disclosed for deposit liabilities with no defined
maturities is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. Accordingly,
the Company has estimated the fair value of its annuity reserves as the cash
surrender value of these contracts at December 31, 1995.

     Notes payable. Notes payable consists primarily of amounts payable for the
Company's senior unsecured notes. The fair value of the senior unsecured notes
is based upon the estimated current rate offered to the Company for debt of the
same remaining maturity.

     The fair values presented herein are based on pertinent information
available to management as of December 31, 1995. Although management is not
aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair value
amounts, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of
these financial statements since that date and, therefore, current estimates of
fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein.

12.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     United General Title Insurance Company. On April 10, 1995, the Company
made a decision to dispose of its investment in United General Title Insurance
Company ("UGTIC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and, on May 1,
1995, approved a formal plan of disposal. The decision to dispose of UGTIC was
independent of the consummation of the sale thereof pursuant to the definitive
stock sale agreement signed on August 11, 1995. As a result, the operations of
UGTIC have been classified as discontinued operations, and, accordingly, the
consolidated financial statements and the related notes of the Company
segregate continuing and discontinued operations. The sale was concluded on
February 29, 1996 at a sales price of approximately $5.5 million.

     The definitive stock sale agreement provided for the sale of 100% of the
stock of UGTIC and contains a provision making the Company liable to UGTIC for
claims from defalcations and fraud losses incurred by UGTIC which are unknown
and occur prior to closing and are discovered within 24 months thereafter. The
Company is also liable, up to $4.2 million, for policy claims paid over a ten
year period after closing that exceed certain specified levels. The Company
recorded a loss from discontinued operations (net of income tax benefit) of
$3.5 million in 1995 in connection with the sale of UGTIC.


                                       63

<PAGE>   64



     Revenues for UGTIC for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
were $37.8 million, $45.5 million and $25.1 million, respectively. At December
31, 1995, total assets and total liabilities of UGTIC were $16.8 million and
$8.3 million, respectively.

     Foster Mortgage Corporation. On May 7, 1993, the Company decided to divest
its subsidiary Foster Mortgage Corporation ("FMC"). As of November 30, 1993,
the servicing rights owned by FMC, which constituted substantially all of its
assets, were sold. On December 21, 1993, the institutional lenders under FMC's
primary credit facility (the "FMC Institutional Lenders") filed a petition in
the U.S. bankruptcy court to cause the remaining affairs of FMC to be concluded
under the supervision of the bankruptcy court. The FMC Institutional Lenders
filed and the bankruptcy court approved a plan of liquidation for FMC providing
for the appointment of a trustee selected by the FMC Institutional Lenders. The
FMC Institutional Lenders allege that FMC has certain claims against the
Company, including a claim with respect to the Company's alleged failure to
remit all sums due FMC regarding federal income taxes under a tax agreement
among the Company and its subsidiaries, including FMC, estimated by the FMC
Institutional Lenders to range from $2.1 million to $29 million. FMC and the
Company executed, subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court, a settlement
agreement relating to payments between FMC and the Company in connection with
the federal income tax benefits resulting from FMC's losses and to certain
prior intercompany payments between FMC and the Company. The settlement
agreement included a release by FMC in favor of the Company of any and all
claims relating to federal income taxes. The FMC Institutional Lenders opposed
the proposed settlement agreement. At the conclusion of a hearing on the
proposed settlement on August 18, 1994, the bankruptcy court approved the
portion of the settlement providing for a net payment by the Company of $1.65
million to FMC in satisfaction of the federal income tax benefits resulting
from FMC's losses and the release of any claims regarding federal income taxes.
The Company had previously recorded substantially all of the impact of this
portion of the settlement in its prior financial statements. The bankruptcy
court declined to approve the other portion of the proposed settlement relating
to payments received by the Company from FMC within twelve months of the
bankruptcy filing.  If the Company were required to refund such payments, the
Company has estimated the potential additional loss to be $1.9 million, net of
tax benefits. The decision of the bankruptcy court on the settlement was
appealed by the FMC Institutional Lenders to the U.S. District Court which
affirmed the bankruptcy court's decision. The FMC Institutional Lenders then
appealed this decision to the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. In a
decision rendered on November 9, 1995, the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals
reversed the district court, vacated the settlement between FMC and the Company
and remanded the matter for further proceedings. The trustee under the plan of
liquidation has filed an adversary proceeding in the bankruptcy proceedings
against the Company seeking avoidance of alleged preferential payments totaling
$3.72 million and has also instituted a suit in federal court against the
Company alleging claims under the tax agreement estimated to range from $2
million to $29 million. Management of the Company does not believe that any
additional amounts are owed by the Company to FMC or the trustee and intends to
vigorously contest the claims which have been brought against it for such
amounts by the trustee under the plan of liquidation. The Company did not
guarantee any debt of FMC.

13.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT.

     On February 2, 1996, the Company signed a stock purchase agreement dated
as of January 30, 1996, for the sale of all of the stock of UCLIC to UC Life
Holding Corp., a new Delaware corporation formed by Knightsbridge Capital Fund
I, L.P. for an aggregate amount of $164 million plus earnings of UCLIC from
January 1, 1996, to closing of the transaction. Knightsbridge, which is a
private investment partnership with institutional partners, was formed in 1995
to make equity investments in companies engaged primarily in the life insurance
industry.

     Under the terms of the agreement, the sales price is comprised of cash,
currently estimated to be $109 million and UCLIC real estate and other assets
to be distributed to the Company prior to the closing. The real estate to be
distributed includes portions of the United Plaza office park, including the
Company's home office. In addition, the Company will purchase a convertible
promissory note from an affiliate of the purchaser for $15 million in cash. The
note matures in 11 years and bears interest at 8% per annum payable at
maturity.  The Company does not expect the sale to have a material effect on
net income.


                                       64

<PAGE>   65



     The purchaser also agreed that UCLIC would continue to be an investor in
first lien home equity loans originated by the Company's lending operations and
that UCLIC's home office operations would be maintained in its present location
in Baton Rouge, Louisiana following the closing for at least two years. The
agreement is subject to approval by UCFC's shareholders and regulatory
authorities and the satisfaction of other conditions, and provides that the
closing will occur on or before July 31, 1996.

14.  SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The following table sets forth the Company's revenues, income from
continuing operations before income taxes and assets for each of its business
segments for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Year Ended December 31,             
                                                        ---------------------------------------------  
                                                            1995            1994            1993       
                                                        -------------   -------------   -------------  
                                                                       (in thousands)                  
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>            
Revenues                                                                                               
    Mortgage.........................................   $    253,098    $    177,601    $    120,639   
    Life insurance...................................        144,485         138,129         140,179   
    Corporate, other operations, and                                                                   
        eliminations.................................            367          (1,036)           (805)  
                                                        -------------   -------------   -------------  
             Total...................................   $    397,950    $    314,694    $    260,013   
                                                        =============   =============   =============  
                                                                                                       
Income from continuing operations                                                                      
  before income taxes                                                                                  
    Mortgage.........................................   $    107,673    $     81,155    $     46,295   
    Life insurance...................................         12,099           9,080           2,635   
    Corporate, other operations, and                                                                   
        eliminations.................................         (5,008)         (6,161)         (5,869)  
                                                        -------------   -------------   -------------  
             Total...................................   $    114,764    $     84,074    $     43,061   
                                                        =============   =============   =============  
                                                                                                       
Assets - Year-end                                                                                      
    Mortgage.........................................   $    533,952    $    301,330    $    182,672   
    Life Insurance...................................      1,789,608       1,641,026       1,622,879   
    Corporate, other operations, and                                                                   
        eliminations.................................         43,326          35,899          11,602   
                                                        -------------   -------------   -------------  
             Total...................................   $  2,366,886    $  1,978,255    $  1,817,153   
                                                        =============   =============   =============  
</TABLE>

15.  CONTINGENCIES

     As discussed in Note 12 above, the Company, in February, 1996, concluded
the sale of its investment in UGTIC. In connection therewith, the stock sale
agreement includes a provision making the Company liable to UGTIC for claims
from defalcations and fraud losses incurred by UGTIC which are unknown and
occur prior to closing and are discovered within 24 months thereafter. The
Company is also liable, up to $4.2 million, for policy claims paid over a ten
year period after closing that exceed certain specified levels.

     As also discussed in Note 12 above, the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of
Appeals reversed the lower court decision approving the settlement agreement
between FMC and the Company, vacated the settlement between FMC and the Company
and remanded the matter for further proceedings. The trustee under the plan of
liquidation has filed an adversary proceeding in the bankruptcy proceedings
against the Company seeking avoidance of alleged preferential payments totaling
$3.72 million and has also instituted a suit in federal court against the
Company alleging claims under the tax agreement estimated to range from $2
million to $29 million. Management of the Company does not believe that any
additional amounts are owed by the Company to FMC or the trustee and intends to
vigorously contest the claims which have been brought against it for such
amounts by the trustee under the plan of liquidation. The Company did not
guarantee any debt of FMC.


                                       65

<PAGE>   66



16.  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  (UNAUDITED)

     Summarized quarterly financial data is as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Three Months Ended                  
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                  March 31      June 30       Sept. 30      Dec. 31   
                                                                 ----------    ----------   -----------   ----------- 
                                                                         (in thousands, except per share data)        
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>         
1995                                                                                                                  
Total revenues.................................................  $  86,835     $ 101,876    $  106,109    $  103,130  
Income from continuing operations before income taxes..........     19,549        30,379        34,070        30,766  
Net income.....................................................     12,696        16,426        21,248        19,099  
                                                                                                                      
Per share data - net income:                                                                                          
     Primary:                                                                                                         
     Income from continuing operations.........................  $     .46     $     .66    $      .68    $      .61  
     Income (loss) from discontinued operations................       (.01)         (.09)         (.01)         (.01) 
                                                                 ----------    ----------   -----------   ----------- 
        Total..................................................  $     .45     $     .57    $      .67    $      .60  
                                                                 ==========    ==========   ===========   =========== 
                                                                                                                      
     Fully Diluted:                                                                                                   
     Income from continuing operations.........................  $     .46     $     .66    $      .66    $      .60  
     Income (loss) from discontinued operations................       (.01)         (.10)         (.01)         (.01) 
                                                                 ----------    ----------   -----------   ----------- 
         Total.................................................  $     .45     $     .56    $      .65    $      .59  
                                                                 ==========    ==========   ===========   =========== 
</TABLE>




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Three Months Ended                  
                                                                   ----------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                    March 31       June 30      Sept. 30       Dec. 31   
                                                                   -----------    ----------   -----------   ----------- 
                                                                           (in thousands, except per share data)               
     <S>                                                           <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>        
1994                                                                                                                
Total revenues...................................................  $     74,816    $   78,175    $  82,054    $  79,649  
Income from continuing operations before income taxes............        20,832        22,751       23,290       17,201  
Net income.......................................................        13,710        14,699       15,253        5,872  
                                                                                                                         
Per share data - net income:                                                                                        
     Primary:                                                                                                          
        Income from continuing operations........................  $        .47    $      .52    $     .53    $     .39  
        Income (loss) from discontinued operations...............           .01          (.01)          -          (.18) 
                                                                   ------------    -----------   ---------    ---------- 
        Total....................................................  $        .48    $      .51    $     .53    $     .21  
                                                                   ============    ===========   =========    ========== 
                                                                                                                         
Fully Diluted:                                                                                                    
        Income from continuing operations........................  $        .47    $      .52    $     .53    $     .39  
        Income (loss) from discontinued operations...............           .01          (.01)          -          (.18) 
                                                                   ------------    ----------    ---------    ---------- 
        Total....................................................  $        .48    $      .51    $     .53    $     .21  
                                                                   ============    ==========    =========   =========== 
</TABLE>



                                       66

<PAGE>   67



ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

                                    PART III

         The information called for by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12 and 13) has
been omitted since the Company will file with the Commission a definitive proxy
statement pursuant to Regulation 14A or a definitive information statement
pursuant to Regulation 14C, which involves the election of directors, within
120 days after the close of the year.





                                       67

<PAGE>   68



                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Financial Statements

Included in Part II of this report:

     Independent Auditors' Report                            Page     42

     December 31, 1995 and 1994

           Consolidated Balance Sheets                       Page     43

     For the three years ended December 31, 1995

           Consolidated Statements of Income                 Page     44

           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows             Page     45

           Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity   Page     46

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              Pages    47-66

Financial Statement Schedules

     Included in Part IV of this report:

     Individual financial statements of the registrant have been omitted
because consolidated financial statements of the registrant and its
subsidiaries required by Item 8 have been included in Part II of this report
and, as of December 31, 1995, the registrant was primarily an operating company
and all subsidiaries are wholly owned.


     Schedule II         Valuation and Qualifying Accounts, for the three years
                         ended December 31, 1995.  Page 74

     Schedule V*         Supplementary Insurance Information, for the three
                         years ended December 31, 1995.  Page 75

     Schedule VI*        Reinsurance, for the three years ended December 31,
                         1995.  Page 76



     * Filed in compliance with Article 7 of Regulation S-X.


                                       68

<PAGE>   69



Exhibits



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.              Description of Document
<S>                      <C>
2(1)                     Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 30, 1996 by and between the
                         Company and UC Life Holding Corporation

3.1(2)                   Articles of Incorporation, as amended

3.1A(3)                  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation effective April 28, 1994

3.1B(4)                  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation effective June 19, 1995

3.2(5)                   By-Laws, as amended

4.1(6)                   Senior Indenture

4.2(6)                   Subordinated Indenture

4.3(6)                   First Supplemental Indenture with respect to 9.35% Senior Notes due November 1,
                         1999

4.4(6)                   Form of certificate for shares of Preferred Redeemable
                         Increased Dividend Equity Securities 6 3/4% PRIDES(sm),
                         Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $2.00 per share

4.5(7)                   Second Supplemental Indenture for 7% Senior Notes due July 15, 1998

4.6(8)                   Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

10.1(2)                  1986 Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan

10.2(2)                  Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust

10.3(2)                  Management and compensatory contracts with executive officers and directors

10.4(2)                  Deferred compensation agreements

10.5(9)                  Management Incentive Plan, as amended

10.6(2)                  Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.7(2)                  Agreement for termination of employee agreement

10.8(2)                  Agreement for termination of employment agreement

10.9(2)                  Unfunded Salary Deferral Agreement dated April 1, 1989 with executive officer

10.10(2)                 Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement dated April 1, 1989 with executive officer

10.11(2)                 1989 Stock Incentive Plan

10.12(2)                 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan

10.13(2)                 1992 Form 11K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.14(10)                Stock Purchase Warrant dated as of July 1, 1993

10.15(2)                 1993 Form 11K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.16(9)                 1993 Stock Incentive Plan
</TABLE>



                                       69

<PAGE>   70



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.              Description of Document
<S>                      <C>
10.17(9)                 1993 Non-Employee Director Plan

10.19(2)                 1994 Form 11-K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.20(11)                1995 Form 11-K, Employee Savings Plan

10.21(5)                 Indemnification agreements

10.22(12)                Change of Control Agreement

10.23(12)                Supplemental Retirement Agreement

10.24(12)                Split Dollar Agreement

11.1(12)                 Statement regarding computation of per share earnings

21.1(12)                 List of Subsidiaries of the Company

23.1(12)                 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

27(12)                   Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>


(1)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit on the
       Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 1996.

(2)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
       Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1994.

(3)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
       Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 1994.

(4)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
       Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 1995.

(5)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
       Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 1995.

(6)    Incorporated by reference to the designated Exhibits of the Company's
       Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 1995.

(7)    Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit to the
       Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 26, 1995.

(8)    Incorporated by reference to the designated Exhibit of the Company's
       Form 8-A dated August 5, 1994.  

(9)    Incorporated by reference from the designated Exhibit of the Company's 
       Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 29, 1995.

(10)   Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
       Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 33-52739).

(11)   To be filed as Amendment to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
       the year ended December 31, 1995

(12)   Filed herewith.

          Exhibit No. 10.22 - Page 79

          Exhibit No. 10.23 - Page 107

          Exhibit No. 10.24 - Page 115

          Exhibit No. 11.1  - Page 120

          Exhibit No. 21.1  - Page 121

          Exhibit No. 23.1  - Page 122

          Exhibit No. 27    - Page 123


                                       70

<PAGE>   71




Reports on Form 8-K

       On October 31, 1995, the Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
announcing that it was reviewing strategic alternatives with respect to its
life insurance subsidiary, United Companies Life Insurance Company ("UCLIC"),
including the possible sale of such subsidiary. On February 9, 1996, the
Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K to report that it had signed a
definitive agreement with respect to the sale of all of the outstanding capital
stock of UCLIC.



                                       71

<PAGE>   72



                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  March 15, 1996

                                 UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION

                                 By:  /s/  SHERRY E. ANDERSON 
                                      -------------------------------- 
                                           Sherry E. Anderson
                                    Senior Vice President and Secretary

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 15, 1996.


<TABLE>
<S>                                                  <C>
/s/    J. TERRELL BROWN                              Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
- -----------------------------------                  (Principal Executive Officer)
       J. Terrell Brown                                                           


/s/    JOHN D. DIENES                                President, Chief Operating Officer and
- -----------------------------------                   Director (Principal Operating Officer)
       John D. Dienes                                                                       


/s/    DALE E. REDMAN                                Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
- -----------------------------------                   and Director (Principal Financial Officer)
       Dale E. Redman                                                                           


/s/    JESSE O. GRIFFIN                              Senior Vice President and Controller
- -----------------------------------                  (Principal Accounting Officer)
       Jesse O. Griffin                                                            


/s/    JAMES J. BAILEY, III                          Director
- -----------------------------------
       James J. Bailey, III


/s/    ROBERT H. BARROW                              Director
- -----------------------------------
       Robert H. Barrow


/s/    RICHARD A. CAMPBELL                           Director
- -----------------------------------
       Richard A. Campbell
</TABLE>


                                       72

<PAGE>   73





                                   SIGNATURES




<TABLE>
<S>    <C>                                           <C>
/s/    HARRIS J. CHUSTZ, JR.                         Director
- -----------------------------------
       Harris J. Chustz, Jr.



/s/    ROY G. KADAIR, MD.                            Director
- -----------------------------------
       Roy G. Kadair, M.D.



/s/    ROBERT D. KILPATRICK                          Director
- -----------------------------------
       Robert D. Kilpatrick



/s/    O. MILES POLLARD, JR.                         Director
- -----------------------------------
       O. Miles Pollard, Jr.



/s/    WILLIAM H. WRIGHT, JR.                        Director
- -----------------------------------
       William H. Wright, Jr.
</TABLE>




                                       73

<PAGE>   74



                                                                     SCHEDULE II

                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                  FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      COLUMN A                                   COLUMN B                COLUMN C              COLUMN D        COLUMN E(3)
                                                                         ADDITIONS           DEDUCTIONS(2)
                                                                  Charged
                                                Balance at       to Costs      Charged                         Balance at
                                                Beginning          and         to Other                           End
Description                                      of Year         Expenses     Accounts (1)                      of Year
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                            (in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>                <C>              <C>               <C>              <C>
December 31, 1995
  Allowance for loan losses.................    $   16,508      $   16,025     $    (873)     $    16,769    $    14,891
  Allowance for bond losses.................           -              -              -               -              -
  Unearned loan charges.....................         1,109            -              -                458            651
                                                ----------      ----------     ----------     -----------    -----------
          Total.............................    $   17,617      $   16,025     $    (873)     $    17,227    $    15,542
                                                ==========      ==========     ==========     ===========    ===========
                                                                                                               
December 31, 1994...........................                                                                   
  Allowance for loan losses.................    $   21,017      $   13,457     $    (514)     $    17,452    $    16,508
  Allowance for bond losses.................           500            -               -               500           -
  Unearned loan charges.....................         1,982            -               -               873          1,109
                                                ----------      ----------     ----------     -----------    -----------
          Total.............................    $   23,499      $   13,457     $    (514)     $    18,825    $    17,617
                                                ==========      ==========     ==========     ===========    ===========
                                                                                                               
December 31, 1993                                                                                              
  Allowance for loan losses.................    $   15,842      $   17,343     $      36      $    12,204    $    21,017
  Allowance for bond losses.................          -                500           -               -               500
  Unearned loan charges.....................         3,260            -              -              1,278          1,982
                                                ----------      ----------     ----------     -----------    -----------
          Total..............................   $   19,102      $   17,843     $      36      $    13,482    $    23,499
                                                ==========      ==========     ==========     ===========    ===========
</TABLE>


NOTES:
(1)     Represents the approximate amount of unearned loan charges on
        installment loans originated during the period.

(2)     Represents loans and bonds charged off and loan charges earned during
        the period.

(3)     All of the above are deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to
        which they apply.


                                       74

<PAGE>   75


================================================================================


                                                                      SCHEDULE V
                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION

                  For the Three Years Ended December 31, 1995


<TABLE>        
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       COLUMN A                             COLUMN B    COLUMN C       COLUMN D    COLUMN F    COLUMN G    COLUMN H    COLUMN I & J
                                                                                                                     Deferred Policy
                                            Deferred                                                                Acquisition Cost
                                                                                                                    Amortization and
                                             Policy                                                Net       Benefits,     Other
                                           Acquisition  Future Policy  Unearned     Premium     Investment    Claims,     Operating
                                             Costs       Benefits(1)   Premiums     Revenue(3)    Income    Losses, Etc. Expenses(4)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Year ended December 31, 1995 ............   $   90,703   $1,529,012   $    1,793   $    8,508   $  136,037   $    9,930   $   31,971

Year ended December 31, 1994 ............   $   91,915   $1,542,474   $    4,491   $   11,373   $  126,108   $   12,654   $   32,960

Year ended December 31, 1993 ............   $   83,495   $1,418,310   $   10,260   $   18,684   $  109,728   $   18,200   $   24,967
</TABLE>


NOTES:

(1)       Column C includes accumulated fund values on annuity and interest
          sensitive products.

(2)       Column E is omitted as amounts are not material and are included with
          Column C.

(3)       Column F excludes premiums on annuity and interest sensitive products
          which are accounted for as deposits.

(4)       Column I and J are combined as actuarial method employed to determine
          Deferred Policy Acquisition Cost provides only the net asset change
          for the period.


                                       75

<PAGE>   76



                                                                     SCHEDULE VI

                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                  REINSURANCE

                  FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION>
============================================================================================================================
            COLUMN A                                           COLUMN B    COLUMN C      COLUMN D     COLUMN E     COLUMN F
                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                           Ceded to      Assumed                   of Amount
                                                                Direct     Other         From Other   Net          Assumed to
                                                                Amount     Companies     Companies    Amount       Net Amount
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (in thousands)

<S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>
December 31, 1995
Life insurance in force ...................................   $  554,131   $  149,080   $  992,979   $1,398,030     71.0%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          

Premiums
  Life insurance ..........................................   $    6,016   $    1,625   $    2,588   $    6,979     37.1%
  Accident and health
     insurance ............................................        1,643          115            1        1,529      --
                                                              ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total premiums ..................................   $    7,659   $    1,740   $    2,589   $    8,508     30.4%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          

December 31, 1994
Life insurance in force ...................................   $  709,883   $  177,585   $1,106,148   $1,638,446     67.5%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          

Premiums
  Life insurance ..........................................   $    7,467   $    1,931   $    2,959   $    8,495     34.8%
  Accident and health
     insurance ............................................        3,070          199            7        2,878      --
                                                              ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total premiums ..................................   $   10,537   $    2,130   $    2,966   $   11,373     26.1%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          

December 31, 1993
Life insurance in force ...................................   $  956,788   $  215,918   $1,106,721   $1,847,591     59.9%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          

Premiums
  Life insurance ..........................................   $   12,657   $    3,196   $    3,020   $   12,481     24.2%
  Accident and health
     insurance ............................................        6,637          453           19        6,203      --
                                                              ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total premiums ..................................   $   19,294   $    3,649   $    3,039   $   18,684     16.3%
                                                              ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========          
</TABLE>


                                       76

<PAGE>   77



                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.              Description of Document
- -----------              -----------------------
<S>                      <C>
2(1)                     Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 30, 1996
                         by and between the Company and UC Life Holding
                         Corporation

3.1(2)                   Articles of Incorporation, as amended

3.1A(3)                  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation effective
                         April 28, 1994

3.1B(4)                  Amendment to Articles of Incorporation effective
                         June 19, 1995

3.2(5)                   By-Laws, as amended

4.1(6)                   Senior Indenture

4.2(6)                   Subordinated Indenture

4.3(6)                   First Supplemental Indenture with respect to 9.35%
                         Senior Notes due November 1, 1999

4.4(6)                   Form of certificate for shares of Preferred Redeemable
                         Increased Dividend Equity Securities 6 3/4% PRIDES(sm),
                         Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $2.00 per share

4.5(7)                   Second Supplemental Indenture for 7% Senior Notes due
                         July 15, 1998

4.6(8)                   Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase
                         Rights

10.1(2)                  1986 Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan

10.2(2)                  Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust

10.3(2)                  Management and compensatory contracts with executive
                         officers and directors

10.4(2)                  Deferred compensation agreements

10.5(9)                  Management Incentive Plan, as amended

10.6(2)                  Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.7(2)                  Agreement for termination of employee agreement

10.8(2)                  Agreement for termination of employment agreement

10.9(2)                  Unfunded Salary Deferral Agreement dated April 1, 1989
                         with executive officer

10.10(2)                 Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement dated April 1, 1989
                         with executive officer

10.11(2)                 1989 Stock Incentive Plan

10.12(2)                 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan

10.13(2)                 1992 Form 11K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.14(10)                Stock Purchase Warrant dated as of July 1, 1993

10.15(2)                 1993 Form 11K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.16(9)                 1993 Stock Incentive Plan

10.17(9)                 1993 Non-Employee Director Plan
</TABLE>



                                       77

<PAGE>   78


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.              Description of Document
- -----------              -----------------------
<S>                      <C>
10.19(2)                 1994 Form 11-K, Employees' Savings Plan and Trust

10.20(11)                1995 Form 11-K, Employee Savings Plan

10.21(5)                 Indemnification agreements

10.22(12)                Change of Control Agreement

10.23(12)                Supplemental Retirement Agreement

10.24(12)                Split Dollar Agreement

11.1(12)                 Statement regarding computation of per share earnings

21.1(12)                 List of Subsidiaries of the Company

23.1(12)                 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

27(12)                   Financial Data Schedule
</TABLE>


(1)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit on the
         Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 1996.

(2)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1994.

(3)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
         Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 1994.

(4)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
         Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated June 30, 1995.

(5)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
         Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 1995.

(6)      Incorporated by reference to the designated Exhibits of the Company's
         Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 1995.

(7)      Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit to the
         Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 26, 1995.

(8)      Incorporated by reference to the designated Exhibit of the Company's
         Form 8-A dated August 5, 1994.

(9)      Incorporated by reference from the designated Exhibit of the Company's
         Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed September 29, 1995.

(10)     Incorporated herein by reference to the designated Exhibit of the
         Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 33-52739).

(11)     To be filed as Amendment to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
         for the year ended December 31, 1995

(12)  Filed herewith.

          Exhibit No. 10.22   - Page 79

          Exhibit No. 10.23   - Page 107

          Exhibit No. 10.24   - Page 115

          Exhibit No. 11.1    - Page 120

          Exhibit No. 21.1    - Page 121

          Exhibit No. 23.1    - Page 122

          Exhibit No. 27      - Page 123


                                       78

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22


                          CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT


THIS CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is dated and effective as
of the _____ day of ________________, 199___, by and between United Companies
Financial Corporation, a Louisiana corporation (the "Company"), which has its
corporate headquarters at 4041 Essen Lane, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70809 and
_____________________________________________ ____("Employee").

                                    RECITALS

WHEREAS, Employee is a senior executive of the Company and has made and is
expected to continue to make major contributions to the profitability, growth
and financial strength of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company recognizes that, as is the case for most publicly held
companies, the possibility of a Change in Control (as herein defined) exists;
and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to assure itself of both present and future
continuity of management in the event of a Change in Control and desires to
establish certain minimum compensation rights of its key senior executive
officers, including Employee, applicable in the event of a Change in Control;
and





                                       79
<PAGE>   2
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to ensure that its key senior executives are not
practically disabled from discharging their duties upon a Change in Control;
and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is not intended to alter the compensation and benefits
which Employee could reasonably expect to receive from the Company absent a
Change in Control and, accordingly, although effective and binding as of the
date hereof, this Agreement shall become operative only upon the occurrence of
a Change in Control; and

WHEREAS, Employee is willing to render services to the Company on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises, and of the mutual covenants
and undertakings set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and Employee hereby agree as follows:

         1.      NOT AN EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT, ETC..

         (a)     This Agreement is not an employment contract.  Nothing herein
                 shall ever be construed so as to require the Company to employ
                 Employee or retain Employee in its employ.  Employee expressly
                 acknowledges that no provision of this Agreement shall ever be
                 interpreted so as to require or impose upon the Company any
                 obligation whatsoever to employ Employee.





                                       80
<PAGE>   3
         (b)     This Agreement shall be effective and binding immediately upon
                 its execution, but, anything in this Agreement to the contrary
                 notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not be operative unless
                 and until there shall have occurred a "Change in Control" as
                 defined in Section 4.  Upon the occurrence of a Change of
                 Control at any time during the period during which this
                 Agreement shall be in effect (the "Term"), this Agreement
                 shall become immediately operative.

         (c)     The Term of this Agreement shall commence as of the date
                 hereof and shall expire as of the later of (i) the close of
                 business on December 31, 1998, or (ii) the expiration of the
                 earliest of (x) the expiration of the twenty-four month period
                 following the first occurrence of a Change in Control or (y)
                 earlier termination as provided in Section 2 of this
                 Agreement; provided, however, that (A) commencing on January
                 1, 1996, and each January 1 thereafter, the term of this
                 Agreement shall automatically be extended for an additional
                 year unless, not later than September 30 of the immediately
                 preceding year, the Company or Employee shall have given
                 notice that it or he, as the case may be, does not wish to
                 have the Term extended and (B) subject to Section 1(d) hereof,
                 if, prior to a Change in Control, Employee ceases for any
                 reason to be an employee of the Company, thereupon the Term
                 shall be deemed to have expired and this Agreement shall
                 immediately terminate and be of no further effect.

         (d)     Nothing expressed or implied in this Agreement shall create
                 any right or duty on the part of the Company or Employee to
                 have Employee remain in the employment of the Company prior to
                 any Change in Control; provided, however,





                                       81
<PAGE>   4
                 that any termination of employment of Employee or the removal
                 of Employee from his office or position in the Company
                 following the commencement of any discussion with a third
                 person that ultimately results in a Change in Control shall be
                 deemed to be a termination or removal of Employee after a
                 Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement.

         (e)     The Recitals set forth hereinabove are incorporated herein.

         2.      TERMINATION BY COMPANY FOLLOWING A CHANGE IN CONTROL.

         If Employee is in the employ of the Company at the time there is a
         Change in Control and if Employee's employment is terminated by the
         Company without Cause (as herein defined) prior to the second
         anniversary of the first occurrence of a Change in Control, subject to
         Section 1(d), other than by reason of (i) the death of Employee, (ii)
         the permanent disability of Employee (within the meaning of, and
         pursuant to which he begins actually to receive disability benefits
         under, the long-term disability plan in effect for senior executives
         of the Company immediately prior to the Change in Control), or (iii)
         the retirement of Employee after he attains age 65 (the occurrence of
         any event as set forth in subsections (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall
         constitute a termination of this Agreement only if such event occurs
         (a) before the occurrence of a Change in Control or (b) after the
         occurrence of a Change in Control but before a termination of
         employment by the Company pursuant to Section 2  or a termination of
         employment by the Employee pursuant to Section 3), then Employee shall
         be entitled to the following





                                       82
<PAGE>   5
         payments and benefits in lieu of any further payments to Employee for
         periods subsequent to the effective date of such termination:

                 (a)      Payment of three times the amount of Employee's
                          annualized base salary at the rate in effect
                          immediately prior to such Change in Control (or such
                          higher rate in effect prior to such termination),
                          paid in the form of an un-discounted lump sum payment
                          within 10 business days after the effective date of
                          such termination; plus

                 (b)      Payment of an amount equal to three times the amount
                          of Employee's highest annual bonus earned by Employee
                          (whether the bonus was payable in cash, restricted
                          stock or otherwise) during the three prior Company
                          fiscal years immediately ended prior to the Change in
                          Control (or such higher annual bonus for the fiscal
                          year ended immediately prior to the date of the
                          termination), paid in the form of an undiscounted
                          lump sum payment within ten (10) business days after
                          the effective date of such termination; plus

                 (c)      Continuation of the life and medical insurance
                          coverage and the short-term and long-term disability
                          coverage provided to Employee by the Company
                          immediately before the effective date of such
                          termination, in each case at the level otherwise in
                          effect just prior to the effective date of
                          termination (or such higher level immediately prior
                          to the Change in Control), for two years from the
                          effective date of termination at the Company's
                          expense, or, if earlier, until Employee obtains
                          employment and comparable coverage





                                       83
<PAGE>   6
                          elsewhere; and Employee's COBRA-benefit continuation
                          rights shall commence on the first day following the
                          date of termination of the extended coverage rights
                          provided hereunder.  If the plans maintained by the
                          Company do not permit continuation of coverage as
                          contemplated hereby, the Company shall be obligated
                          to obtain comparable coverage elsewhere at no
                          increased cost to Employee; plus

                 (d)      Any other rights and benefits provided to Employee
                          under employee benefit plans and programs of the
                          Company as in effect immediately prior to his
                          termination (or such greater rights and benefits
                          immediately prior to the Change in Control),
                          determined in accordance with the applicable terms
                          and provisions of such plans and programs; provided,
                          however, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
                          contained in this Agreement, in any agreement
                          evidencing a grant to Employee of restricted shares
                          or options to acquire stock in the Company, or in any
                          plan of the Company, immediately upon the occurrence
                          of a Change in Control, (i) any rightstheretofore
                          granted to the Employee to purchase stock in the
                          Company upon the exercise of an option, and any
                          corresponding appreciation rights, will become
                          exercisable in full, and in the event of the
                          termination of employment of Employee for any reason,
                          any option may be exercised within three (3) months
                          after such termination, or if longer, such period as
                          may be specified in the applicable agreement or plan,
                          (ii) any risks of forfeiture and prohibitions or
                          restrictions on transfer pertaining to any





                                       84
<PAGE>   7
                          restricted shares theretofore granted to Employee
                          will lapse, and (iii) any risks of forfeiture
                          pertaining to any deferred compensation or
                          supplemental retirement arrangement theretofore
                          granted to the Executive will lapse; and provided,
                          further, that such deferred compensation shall be
                          payable as provided in the deferred compensation or
                          supplemental retirement benefits arrangement,
                          commencing on the date which would have been his
                          Normal Retirement Date or such earlier date as he
                          shall die or become disabled, and with an annual
                          benefit determined as if Employee had continued
                          employment with the Company until the Normal
                          Retirement Date; plus

                 (e)      Certain Additional Payments by the Company:

                          (i)     Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
                                  notwithstanding, in the event that this
                                  Agreement shall become operative and it shall
                                  be determined (as hereafter provided) that
                                  any payment or distribution by the Company or
                                  any of its affiliates to or for the benefit
                                  of the Employee, whether paid or payable or
                                  distributed or distributable pursuant to the
                                  terms of this Agreement or otherwise pursuant
                                  to or by reason of any other agreement,
                                  policy, plan, program or arrangement,
                                  including without limitation any stock
                                  option, stock appreciation right or similar
                                  right, or the lapse or termination of any
                                  restriction on or the vesting or
                                  exercisability of any of the foregoing
                                  (individually and collectively a "Payment"),
                                  would be





                                       85
<PAGE>   8
                                  subject to the excise tax imposed by Section
                                  4999 of the Code (or any successor provision
                                  thereto) by reason of being considered
                                  "contingent on a change in ownership or
                                  control" of the Company, within the meaning
                                  of Section 280G of the Code (or any successor
                                  provision thereto) or to any similar tax
                                  imposed by state or local law, or any
                                  interest or penalties with respect to such
                                  tax (such tax or taxes, together with any
                                  such interest and penalties, being hereafter
                                  collectively referred to as the "Excise
                                  Tax"), then the Employee shall be entitled to
                                  receive an additional payment or payments
                                  (individually and collectively, a "Gross-Up
                                  Payment") (provided, however, that no
                                  Gross-Up Payment shall be made with respect
                                  to the Excise Tax, if any, attributable to
                                  (i) any incentive stock option, as defined by
                                  Section 422 of the Code ("ISO") granted prior
                                  to the execution of this Agreement, or (ii)
                                  any stock appreciation or similar right,
                                  whether or not limited, granted in tandem
                                  with any ISO described in clause (i)).  The
                                  Gross-Up Payment shall be in an amount such
                                  that, after payment by the Employee of all
                                  taxes (including any interest or penalties
                                  imposed with respect to such taxes),
                                  including any Excise Tax imposed upon the
                                  Gross-Up Payment, the Employee retains an
                                  amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the
                                  Excise Tax imposed upon the Payment.





                                       86
<PAGE>   9
                          (ii)    Subject to the provisions of Section
                                  2(e)(vi), all determinations required to be
                                  made under this Section 2(e), including
                                  whether an Excise Tax is payable by the
                                  Employee and the amount of such Excise Tax
                                  and whether a Gross-Up Payment is required to
                                  be paid by the Company to Employee and the
                                  amount of such Gross-Up Payment, if any,
                                  shall be made by a nationally recognized
                                  accounting firm (the "Accounting Firm")
                                  selected by Employee in his sole discretion.
                                  Employee shall direct the Accounting Firm to
                                  submit its determination and detailed
                                  supporting calculations to both the Company
                                  and Employee within thirty (30) calendar days
                                  after the termination date of Employee's
                                  employment, if applicable, and any such other
                                  time or times as may be requested by the
                                  Company or the Employee.  If the Accounting
                                  Firm determines that any Excise Tax is
                                  payable by Employee, the Company shall pay
                                  the required Gross-Up Payment
                                  to Employee within five business days after
                                  receipt of such determination and
                                  calculations with respect to any Payment to
                                  Employee.  The federal tax returns filed by
                                  Employee shall be prepared and filed on a
                                  consistent basis with the determination of
                                  the Accounting Firm with respect to the
                                  Excise Tax payable by Employee.  If the
                                  Accounting Firm determines that any Excise
                                  Tax is payable by Employer, the Company shall
                                  pay the required Gross-Up 





                                       87
<PAGE>   10
                                  Payment to Employer within five (5) 
                                  business days after receipt of such 
                                  determination and calculations with respect 
                                  to any Payment to the Employer.  If the 
                                  Accounting Firm determines that no Excise
                                  Tax is payable by Employee, it shall, at the
                                  same time as it makes such determination,
                                  furnish the Company and Employee an opinion
                                  that Employee has substantial authority not
                                  to report any Excise Tax on his federal,
                                  state or local income or other tax return.
                                  As a result of the uncertainty in the
                                  application of Section 4999 of the Code (or
                                  any successor provision thereto) at the time
                                  of any determination by the Accounting Firm
                                  hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up
                                  Payments which will not have been made by the
                                  Company should have been made (an
                                  "Underpayment"), consistent with the
                                  calculations required to be made hereunder.
                                  In the event that the Company exhausts or
                                  fails to pursue its remedies pursuant to
                                  Section 2(e)(vi) hereof and Employee
                                  thereafter is required to make a payment of
                                  any Excise Tax, Employee shall direct the
                                  Accounting Firm to determine the amount of
                                  the Underpayment that has occurred and to
                                  submit its determination and
                                  detailed supporting calculations to both the
                                  Company and Employee as promptly as possible.
                                  Any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid
                                  by the Company to, or for the benefit of,
                                  Employee within five business days after
                                  receipt of such determination and





                                       88
<PAGE>   11
                                  calculations.

                          (iii)   The Company and Employee shall each provide
                                  the Accounting Firm access to and copies of
                                  any books, records and documents in the
                                  possession of the Company or Employee, as the
                                  case may be, reasonably requested by the
                                  Accounting Firm, and otherwise cooperate with
                                  the Accounting Firm in connection with the
                                  preparation and issuance of the
                                  determinations and calculations contemplated
                                  by this Section 2(e).  Any determination by
                                  the Accounting Firm as to the amount of the
                                  Gross-Up Payment shall be binding upon the
                                  Company and Employee.

                          (iv)    The federal, state and local income or other
                                  tax returns filed by Employee shall be
                                  prepared and filed on a consistent basis with
                                  the determination of the Accounting Firm with
                                  respect to the Excise Tax payable by
                                  Employee.  Employee shall make proper payment
                                  of the amount of any Excise Payment, and at
                                  the request of the Company,provide to the
                                  Company true and correct copies (with any
                                  amendments) of his federal income tax return
                                  as filed with the Internal Revenue Service
                                  and corresponding state and local tax
                                  returns, if relevant, as filed with the
                                  applicable taxing authority, and such other
                                  documents reasonably requested by the
                                  Company, evidencing such payment.  If prior
                                  to the filing of Employee's federal income
                                  tax return, or corresponding state or local
                                  tax





                                       89
<PAGE>   12
                                  return, if relevant, the Accounting Firm
                                  determines that the amount of the Gross-Up
                                  Payment should be reduced, Employee shall
                                  within five (5) business days pay to the
                                  Company the amount of such reduction.

                          (v)     The fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm
                                  for its services in connection with the
                                  determinations and calculations contemplated
                                  by this Section 2(e) shall be borne by the
                                  Company.  If such fees and expenses are
                                  initially paid by Employee, the Company shall
                                  reimburse Employee the full amount of such
                                  fees and expenses within five business days
                                  after receipt from Employee of a statement
                                  therefor and reasonable evidence of his
                                  payment thereof.

                          (vi)    Employee shall notify the Company in writing
                                  of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service
                                  that, if successful, would require the
                                  payment by the Company of a Gross-Up Payment.
                                  Such notification shall be given as promptly
                                  as practicable but no later than ten (10)
                                  business days after Employee actually
                                  receives notice of such claim and Employee
                                  shall further apprise the Company of the
                                  nature of such claim and the date on which
                                  such claim is requested to be paid (in each
                                  case, to the extent known by Employee).
                                  Employee shall not pay such claim prior to
                                  the earlier of (i) the expiration of the
                                  30-calendar-day period following the date on
                                  which he gives such notice to the Company and
                                  (ii) the





                                       90
<PAGE>   13
                                  date that any payment of amount with respect
                                  to such claim is due.  If the Company
                                  notifies Employee in writing prior to the
                                  expiration of such period that it desires to
                                  contest such claim, Employee shall:

                                  (A)      provide the Company with any written
                                           records or documents in his
                                           possession relating to such claim
                                           reasonably requested by the Company;

                                  (B)      take such action in connection with
                                           contesting such claim as the Company
                                           shall reasonably request in writing
                                           from time to time, including without
                                           limitation accepting legal
                                           representation with respect to such
                                           claim by an attorney competent in
                                           respect of the subject matter and
                                           reasonably selected by the Company;

                                  (C)      cooperate with the Company in good
                                           faith in order effectively to
                                           contest such claim; and

                                  (D)      permit the Company to participate 
                                           in any proceedings relating to such
                                           claim;

                                  provided, however, that the Company shall
                                  bear and pay directly all costs and expenses
                                  (including without limitation interest and
                                  penalties) incurred in connection with such
                                  contest and shall indemnify and hold harmless
                                  Employee, on an after-tax basis, for and
                                  against any Excise Tax or income tax,
                                  including without





                                       91
<PAGE>   14
                                  limitation interest and penalties with
                                  respect thereto, imposed as a result of such
                                  representation and payment of costs and
                                  expenses.  Without limiting the foregoing
                                  provisions of this Section 2(e)(vi), the
                                  Company shall control all proceedings taken
                                  in connection with the contest of any claim
                                  contemplated by this Section 2(e)(vi) and, at
                                  its sole option, may pursue or forego any and
                                  all administrative appeals, proceedings,
                                  hearings and conferences with the taxing
                                  authority in respect of such claim (provided,
                                  however, that Employee may participate
                                  therein at his own cost and expense) and may,
                                  at its option, either direct Employee to pay
                                  the tax claimed and sue for a refund or
                                  contest the claim in any permissible manner,
                                  and Employee agrees to prosecute such contest
                                  to a determination before any administrative
                                  tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction
                                  and in one or more appellate courts, as the
                                  Company shall determine; provided, however,
                                  that if the Company directs Employee to pay
                                  the tax claimed and sue for a refund, the
                                  Company shall advance the amount of such
                                  payment to Employee on an interest-free basis
                                  and shall indemnify and hold Employee
                                  harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any
                                  Excise Tax or income tax, including without
                                  limitation interest or penalties with respect
                                  thereto, imposed with respect to such
                                  advance; and provided further, however, that
                                  any extension of the statute of limitations





                                       92
<PAGE>   15
                                  relating to payment of taxes for the taxable
                                  year of Employee with respect to which the
                                  contested amount is claimed to be due is
                                  limited solely to such contested amount.
                                  Furthermore, the Company's control of any
                                  such contested claim shall be limited to
                                  issues with respect to which a Gross-Up
                                  Payment would be payable hereunder and
                                  Employee shall be entitled to settle or
                                  contest, as the case may be, any other issue
                                  raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any
                                  other taxing authority.

                          (vii)   If, after the receipt by Employee of any
                                  amount advanced by the Company pursuant to
                                  Section 2(e)(vi) hereof, Employee receives
                                  any refund with respect to such claim,
                                  Employee shall (subject to the Company's
                                  complying with the requirements of Section
                                  2(e)(vi) hereof) promptly pay to the Company
                                  the amount of such refund (together with any
                                  interest paid or credited thereon after any
                                  taxes applicable thereto).  If, after the
                                  receipt by Employee of any amount advanced by
                                  the Company pursuant to Section 2(e)(vi)
                                  hereof, a determination is made that Employee
                                  shall not be entitled to any refund with
                                  respect to such claim and the Company does
                                  not notify the Employee in writing of its
                                  intent to contest such denial or refund prior
                                  to the expiration of thirty (30) calendar
                                  days after such determination, then such
                                  advance shall be forgiven and shall not be
                                  required to be repaid and the amount of any
                                  such





                                       93
<PAGE>   16
                                  advance shall offset, to the extent thereof,
                                  the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be
                                  paid by the Company to the Employee pursuant
                                  to this Section 2(e).

                 (f)      No Mitigation Obligation:  The Company hereby
                          acknowledges that it will be difficult, and may be
                          impossible, for Employee to find reasonably
                          comparable employment following the date of
                          termination of his employment.  Accordingly, the
                          parties hereto expressly agree that the payments and
                          benefits to be provided by the Company to Employee in
                          accordance with the terms of this Agreement will be
                          liquidated damages, and that Employee shall not be
                          required to mitigate the amount of any payment or
                          other benefit  provided for in this Agreement by
                          seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall any
                          profits, income, earnings or other benefits from any
                          source whatsoever create any mitigation, offset,
                          reduction or any other obligation on the part of
                          Employee hereunder or otherwise, except as expressly
                          provided in Section 2(c).  Further, the Company shall
                          have no right of offset with respect to payments and
                          other benefits due by it hereunder.

         3.      TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR "GOOD REASON" FOLLOWING A CHANGE
                 IN CONTROL.

                 If Employee is in the employ of Company at the time of a
                 Change in Control, and in the event of termination of
                 Employee's employment by Employee for "Good Reason"(as defined
                 below) prior to the second anniversary of the first





                                       94
<PAGE>   17
                 occurrence of a Change in Control, and subject to Section
                 1(d), Employee shall be entitled to the same payments and
                 other benefits that are provided under Section 2.  For
                 purposes of this Section 3, Employee shall be entitled to
                 terminate his employment for "Good Reason" if:

                 (a)      Without Employee's written consent, one or more of
                          the following events occurs:

                          (i)     For reasons other than job promotion,
                                  Employee is not appointed to or is otherwise
                                  removed from his position, or a substantially
                                  equivalent position, as the case may be, held
                                  immediately prior to the Change in Control
                                  for any reason other than for Cause or
                                  Employee's disability;

                          (ii)    The Company reduces Employee's base salary
                                  and/or the dollar amount of Employee's target
                                  annual bonus opportunity, in each case for
                                  any reason other than for Cause or Employee's
                                  disability;

                          (iii)   Employee is required to relocate his office
                                  more than 25 miles from its current location,
                                  excluding business travel reasonably
                                  consistent with the level of travel prior to
                                  the Change in Control;

                          (iv)    For any reason other than for Cause, Employee
                                  suffers a significant reduction in the
                                  authority, duties or responsibilities
                                  associated with his senior executive
                                  position;

                          (v)     For any reason other than for Cause, the 
                                  Company asserts the





                                       95
<PAGE>   18
                                  intention to reduce or materially reduces
                                  Employee's life insurance and other benefit
                                  coverages provided below the levels
                                  applicable immediately prior to such Change
                                  of Control;

                          (vi)    Any individual or entity acquiring the
                                  Company through purchase of assets, or by
                                  merger, or otherwise fails to expressly
                                  assume the Company's obligations hereunder,
                                  provided that such individual or entity has
                                  had at least ten (10) business days' prior
                                  written notice of the existence of this
                                  Agreement and this provision;

                          (vii)   The Company otherwise materially breaches 
                                  this Agreement; and/or

                          (viii)  A determination is made by Employee in good
                                  faith that as a result of a Change in Control
                                  and a change in circumstances thereafter
                                  significantly affecting his position,
                                  including without limitation a change in the
                                  scope of the business or other activities for
                                  which he was responsible immediately prior to
                                  a Change in Control, he has been rendered
                                  substantially unable to carry out, has been
                                  substantially hindered in the performance of,
                                  or has suffered a substantial reduction in,
                                  any of the authorities, powers, functions,
                                  responsibilities or duties attached to the
                                  position held by Employee immediately prior
                                  to the Change in Control, which situation is
                                  not remedied within 10 calendar days after
                                  written notice to the Company from Employee
                                  of such determination.





                                       96
<PAGE>   19
                 (b)      In the case of Sections 3(a)(ii), 3(a)(iv) and
                          3(a)(v), within 90 days following the date on which
                          the occurrence of such event becomes known to
                          Employee, Employee notifies the Company in writing of
                          the occurrence of such event and of his intent to
                          treat such event as "Good Reason" under this Section
                          3; within 30 days (or such shorter period provided in
                          Section 3(a)) following receipt of such written
                          notice, the Company does not cure such event and
                          deliver to Employee a written statement that it has
                          done so; and within 60 days following the expiration
                          of such 30-day (or shorter) period (without the
                          occurrence of a cure and written notice thereof),
                          Employee voluntarily terminates his employment with
                          the Company;

                 (c)      In the case of Sections 3(a)(i), 3(a)(iii), 3(a)(vi),
                          3(a)(vii), or 3(viii), Employee voluntarily
                          terminates his employment with the Company; and

                 (d)      Termination of Employee's employment with the Company
                          by reason of his (i) death, (ii) permanent disability
                          (within the meaning of, and pursuant to which he
                          begins actually to receive disability benefits under,
                          the long-term disability plan in effect for senior
                          executives of the Company immediately prior to the
                          Change in Control), or (iii) retirement after he
                          attains age 65 shall not be "Good Reason" for
                          purposes of this Section 3.

         4.      CHANGE OF CONTROL DEFINITION.

                 (a)      For purposes of this Agreement, the term Change in 
                          Control shall mean





                                       97
<PAGE>   20
                          the happening of any of the following:

                          (i)     When any "person" as defined in Section
                                  3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                                  1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and as
                                  used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof,
                                  including a "group" as defined in Section
                                  13(d) of the Exchange Act but excluding  any
                                  10% or larger shareholder of record of the
                                  Company as of January 1, 1995, directly or
                                  indirectly, becomes the "beneficial owner"
                                  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
                                  Act, as amended from time to time), of
                                  securities of the Company representing 20% or
                                  more of the combined voting power of the
                                  Company's then outstanding securities which
                                  are entitled to vote with respect to the
                                  election of the directors of the Company;

                          (ii)    When, during any period of 24 consecutive
                                  months, the individuals who, at the beginning
                                  of such period, constitute the Board of
                                  Directors of the Company (the "Incumbent
                                  Directors") cease for any reason other than
                                  death or disability to constitute at least a
                                  majority thereof; provided, however, that a
                                  director who was not a director at the
                                  beginning of such 24-month period shall be
                                  deemed to have satisfied such 24-month
                                  requirement (and be an Incumbent Director) if
                                  such director was elected by, or on the
                                  recommendation of or with the approval of, at
                                  least two-thirds of the directors who then
                                  qualified as Incumbent Directors either





                                       98
<PAGE>   21
                                  actually (because they were directors at the
                                  beginning of such 24-month period) or by
                                  prior operation of this provision;

                          (iii)   The acquisition of the Company or all or
                                  substantially all of the Company's assets by
                                  an entity other than the Company (or a 50% or
                                  more owned subsidiary of the Company) through
                                  purchase of assets, or by merger, or
                                  otherwise, except in the case of a
                                  transaction pursuant to which, immediately
                                  after the transaction, the Company's
                                  shareholders immediately prior to the
                                  transaction own immediately after the
                                  transaction at least a majority of the
                                  combined voting power of the surviving
                                  entity's then outstanding securities which
                                  are entitled to vote with respect to the
                                  election of the directors of such entity; or

                          (iv)    The Company files a report or proxy statement
                                  with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                  pursuant to the Exchange Act disclosing in
                                  response to Form 8-K, Form 10-K or Schedule
                                  14A (or any successor schedule, form or
                                  report or item therein) that a change in
                                  control of the Company has or may have
                                  occurred or will or may occur in the future
                                  pursuant to any then-existing contract or
                                  transaction.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 4, unless
         otherwise determined in a specific case by majority vote of the Board
         of Directors of the Company (the "Board"), a "Change in Control" shall
         not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of





                                       99
<PAGE>   22
         this Agreement solely because (A) the Company, (B) an entity in which
         the Company directly or indirectly beneficially owns 50% or more of
         the voting securities, or (C) any Company-sponsored employee stock
         ownership plan or any other employee benefit plan of the Company,
         either files or becomes obligated to file a report or a proxy
         statement under or in response to Schedule 13D, Schedule 14D-1, Form
         8-K or Schedule 14A (or any successor schedule, form or report or item
         therein) under the Exchange Act, disclosing beneficial ownership by it
         of shares of voting stock, whether in excess of 20% or otherwise, or
         because the Company reports that a change in control of the Company
         has or may have occurred or will or may occur in the future by reason
         of such beneficial ownership.

                 (b)      Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control at any
                          time during the Term, this Agreement shall become
                          immediately operative.

         5.      CAUSE DEFINITION.

                 The term Cause as used herein shall mean intentional gross
                 dishonesty or intentional gross misconduct by Employee, either
                 of which is materially harmful to the business or reputation
                 of the Company or any of its subsidiaries as determined by the
                 Board in the reasonable, good faith exercise of its business
                 judgment and discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
                 Employee shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause
                 hereunder unless and until there shall have been delivered to
                 Employee a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
                 affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters of the Board
                 then in office at a





                                      100
<PAGE>   23
                 meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after
                 reasonable notice to Employee and an opportunity for Employee,
                 together with his counsel, to be heard before the Board),
                 finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, Employee
                 had committed an act set forth in this Section 5 and
                 specifying the particulars thereof in detail.  Nothing herein
                 shall limit the right of Employee or his beneficiaries to
                 contest the validity or propriety of any such determination.

         6.      TAX WITHHOLDING.

                 Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding,
                 all payments required to be made by the Company hereunder to
                 Employee shall be subject to withholding of such amounts
                 relating to taxes as the Company may reasonably determine it
                 should withhold pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
                 In lieu of withholding such amounts, in whole or in part, the
                 Company may, in its sole discretion, accept other provision
                 for payments of taxes, provided it is satisfied that all
                 requirements of law affecting its responsibilities to withhold
                 such taxes have been satisfied.

         7.      DISPUTES:  ENFORCEMENT OF RIGHTS.

                 (a)      Legal and Other Fees.  All reasonable legal and other
                          fees and expenses incurred by Employee in connection
                          with any disputed claim regarding any right or
                          benefit provided for in this Agreement or in
                          otherwise pursuing any disputed claim relating to
                          this Agreement shall be paid by





                                      101
<PAGE>   24
                          the Company, to the extent permitted by law, provided
                          that Employee is successful in whole or in part as to
                          such disputed claim as the result of litigation,
                          arbitration or settlement.

                 (b)      Interest on Unpaid Amounts.  In the event that the
                          Company refuses or otherwise fails to make a payment
                          when due and it is ultimately determined that
                          Employee is entitled to such payment, such payment
                          shall be increased to specify an interest equivalent
                          for the period of delay, compounded annually, equal
                          to the prime rate in effect as of the date the
                          payment was first due and as such rate may thereafter
                          change from time to time.  For this purpose, the
                          prime rate shall be based on the rate identified by
                          Hibernia National Bank from time to time as its prime
                          rate as of the relevant date.

         8.      ASSIGNABILITY; BINDING NATURE.

                 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
                 of the parties hereto and their respective successors, heirs
                 and assigns.

                 No rights or obligations of Employee under this Agreement may
                 be assigned or transferred by Employee other than his rights
                 to benefits hereunder, which may be transferred only by will
                 or operation of law and subject to the limitations of this
                 Agreement.





                                      102
<PAGE>   25
                 No rights or obligations of the Company under this Agreement
                 may be assigned or transferred by the Company, except pursuant
                 to a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the
                 continuing entity, or the sale or liquidation of all or
                 substantially all of the assets of the Company, and in which
                 such assignee or transferee assumes the liabilities,
                 obligations and duties of the Company, as contained in this
                 Agreement, either contractually or as a matter of law.

         9.      ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT OR WAIVER.

                 This Agreement and any schedules attached hereto (which are
                 incorporated herein and which shall be treated as part
                 hereof), together with the benefits referred to herein,
                 contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto
                 concerning the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior
                 agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations and
                 undertaking, whether written or oral, between the Company and
                 Employee with respect thereto.

         No provision in this Agreement may be amended or waived unless such
         amendment or waiver is agreed to in writing and signed by Employee and
         a duly authorized officer of the Company.  No waiver by either party
         hereto of any breach by the other party or any condition or provision
         of this Agreement to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a
         waiver of a similar or dissimilar condition or provision at the same
         or any prior or subsequent time.





                                      103
<PAGE>   26
         10.     SEVERABILITY.

                 In the event that any provision or portion of this Agreement
                 shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole
                 or in part, for any reason, the remaining provisions of this
                 Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full
                 force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.

         11.     GOVERNING LAW.

                 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and
                 interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of
                 Louisiana, without reference to conflict of law principles.

         12.     NOTICES.

                 Any notice given to either party to this Agreement shall be in
                 writing and shall be deemed to have been given when delivered
                 personally or three business days after sent by certified or
                 registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, in
                 each case duly addressed to the party concerned at the address
                 indicated below or to such changed address as such party may
                 subsequently give notice of: 
      
                 If to the Company or to the Board:

                 United Companies Financial Corporation
                 4041 Essen Lane
                 Baton Rouge, LA  70809
                 Attention:  Secretary





                                      104
<PAGE>   27
                 with a copy to the Chairman of the Compensation Committee of
                 the Board;

                 If to Employee:

                 -----------------------------------

                 -----------------------------------

                 -----------------------------------

         13.     HEADINGS.

                 The headings of the sections contained in this Agreement are
                 for convenience only and shall not be deemed to control or
                 affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this
                 Agreement.

         14.     COUNTERPARTS.

                 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
                 (each of which need not be executed by each of the parties),
                 all of which together shall constitute one and the same
                 agreement.

WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.


                                        United Companies Financial Corporation

                                        By:                                   
                                           -----------------------------------
                                        Its:                                  
                                            ----------------------------------


                                                                              
                                        --------------------------------------





                                      105
<PAGE>   28
                                        Employee

                                        
                                        --------------------------------------
                                        Name:                                 
                                             ---------------------------------





                                      106
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23

                       SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT AGREEMENT


                 This Agreement made and entered into this _______ day of
_______________19__,  by and between UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Louisiana,
hereinafter called the "Company", represented herein by its duly authorized
undersigned ____________ and __________, a resident of the lawful age of
majority of the Parish of East Baton Rouge, State of Louisiana, hereinafter
called the "Executive",  provides as follows:

                 WHEREAS, the Executive has been employed as an executive
officer of the Company and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, and is presently
employed by the Company as __________________________________________________
and

                 WHEREAS, the Executive's service has contributed significantly
to the success and growth of the Company; and

                 WHEREAS, the ability and experience of the Executive are of
such value to the Company that the Company wishes to adequately compensate the
Executive for his past and future services by providing special retirement
benefits to him; and

                 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Executive's past and
future services and the mutual promises and covenants set forth herein, the
Company and the Executive agree as follows:


                               SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

                   The Executive will continue in the employ of the Company in
such capacity, with such duties and responsibilities, and with such
compensation as set forth in the Employment Agreement.

                   The benefits provided by this Agreement are granted by the
Company as additional benefits to the Executive and are not part of any salary
reduction plan or an arrangement deferring a bonus or a salary increase.  The
Executive has no option to take any current payment or bonus in lieu of these
additional benefits.


                                      107
<PAGE>   2
                               RETIREMENT BENEFIT

                   If the Executive continues in the employment of the Company
until attaining age 55 and terminates employment for any reason other than
death on or after attaining age 55 but prior to or upon attaining age 65
("Normal Retirement Date"), the Company shall pay to him, an annual amount
stated in Appendix A based on his last attained age, payable monthly for a
period of ten (10) years.  The first monthly payments will be due on the first
day of the month following his Normal Retirement Date and the remaining monthly
payments will be due on the first day of each month thereafter.

                   If the Executive continues employment beyond age 65,
payments will not begin until his actual termination of employment which occurs
for any reason other than death ("Late Retirement Date").  At the Late
Retirement Date, the annual benefit payable at age 65 under Appendix A will be
adjusted, assuming a simple interest rate of 6%, compounded annually from the
date the Executive attained age 65 until his Late Retirement Date.  The Company
shall pay to him the adjusted amount monthly for a period of ten (10) years
beginning on the first day of the month following the Executive's Late
Retirement Date and the remaining monthly payments will be due on the first day
of each month thereafter.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive
continues in the employment of the Company until attaining age 70, the last day
of the month in which the Executive attains age 70 will be deemed to be his
Late Retirement Date for purposes of this Agreement, and payments will begin
under this section on the first day of the month following such date as if the
Executive had retired, even if he is still employed by the Company.

                   If the Executive dies after the applicable retirement date
under Section 2.1 or 2.2, but prior to the completion of payment of the 120
monthly payments specified therein, the remaining payments shall be continued
to such beneficiary or beneficiaries as the Executive may have designated in a
written beneficiary designation executed by him and filed with the Company.  In
the absence of any effective written beneficiary designation filed with the
Company, any such monthly payments remaining unpaid at the death of the
Executive shall be payable to the duly qualified executor or administrator of
the Executive's estate.





                                      108
<PAGE>   3
                              CONSULTING SERVICES

                   It is mutually agreed that, during the ten (10) year period
beginning on the day following his retirement from active service, the
Executive shall, at the request of the Company, be available at reasonable
times to render services to the Company in an advisory or consulting capacity
similar to the services rendered by the Executive prior to retirement.  The
Executive may be required to travel from whatever place he may then be living
or staying for the purpose of such consultation and all expenses incurred by
him for such travel shall be paid by the Company.  A request for consulting
services made by the Company must be reasonable with respect to time, place,
notice and scope and shall be limited to locations within the continental
United States.  The Executive shall not be considered in default hereof if he
is unable to consult because of a mental or physical disability.



                           DEATH PRIOR TO RETIREMENT

                 In the event the Executive dies while employed by the Company
at any time after the date of this Agreement but prior to his Normal Retirement
Date or Late Retirement Date, whichever is applicable, no benefit will be
payable under this Agreement.





                                      109
<PAGE>   4

                    CONDITIONS GOVERNING RECEIPT OF BENEFITS

                   In the event that, at any time prior to the date the
Executive attains age 55, the employment of the Executive with the Company
shall be terminated (a)_because of his voluntary resignation or other voluntary
termination, or (b)_"for cause" under the terms of the Employment Agreement,
this Agreement shall terminate on the date his employment is so terminated, and
no benefits or payments of any kind shall made hereunder.

                   In the event that, at any time prior to the date the
Executive attains age 65, the employment of the Executive with the Company
shall be terminated involuntarily for any reason other than death, disability
or "for cause" under the terms of the Employment Agreement, he shall be
entitled to receive the benefit payable under Section 2.1, when he attains age
65 except that in the event that such payment is subject to the provisions of
Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code") of 1986 the amount payable
under this Agreement shall be reduced, if necessary, to the amount which is
deductible under Chapter 1 of the Code.

                   If the Executive becomes disabled prior to attaining age 65,
the benefits set forth in Section 2.1 shall become payable at the time the
Executive attains age 65 in the manner indicated under that section, provided
he is still so disabled at that time.  If the Executive becomes disabled and
entitled to benefit under this section, but returns to full-time employment
with the Company, this section shall have no effect unless the Executive again
becomes disabled while in the employment of the Company prior to attaining age
65 and qualifies for the deferred benefit under this section.

                   For purposes of this Article, the Executive is considered
disabled only if he is eligible for disability benefits under any long-term
disability plan maintained by the Company; however, the Employment Agreement
between the Executive and the Company shall not be considered a disability plan
maintained by the Company.  In the event that there is no such long-term
disability plan, the Executive shall be considered disabled if he is unable to
perform the essential duties of his position and if such inability to perform
is expected to result in death or to be for a long and indefinite duration, as
determined by a physician selected by the Company.





                                      110
<PAGE>   5
                             UNFUNDED AND UNSECURED

                   The rights of the Executive and his beneficiary(ies) under
this Agreement are purely contractual and shall not be funded or secured in any
way.  Payments to the Executive or his beneficiary(ies) hereunder shall be made
only from the general assets of the Company, and no person, other than the
Company, shall have, by virtue of this Agreement, any interest in such assets.
Such assets are available to satisfy the claims of the Company's general
creditors and, to the extent any person acquires a right to receive payments
from the Company under the terms of this Agreement, such rights shall be no
greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company.

                   The Company, in its discretion, may acquire an insurance
policy or policies insuring the life of the Executive from which it can satisfy
its obligation to make benefit payments pursuant to this Agreement.  However,
it is expressly understood that any such policy, if acquired, does not create
any account or fund separate from the ordinary assets of the Company, and
neither the Executive nor his beneficiary(ies) may look to any such policy(ies)
as the fund from which benefits hereunder are to be paid.  Any such policy so
acquired for the convenience of the Company may be the sole and exclusive
property of the Company, with the Company named as applicant, owner, and
beneficiary thereof; provided further, any such policy shall not be held in
trust or as collateral security for the benefit of the Executive or his
beneficiary(ies), nor is any representation made herein that such policy, if
acquired, will be used to provide benefits under this Agreement.  Neither the
Executive nor his beneficiary(ies) shall have any beneficial ownership interest
in, or preferred or other claim against the life insurance policy, if acquired,
on account of this Agreement.



                           ADMINISTRATION AND CLAIMS

                   The Company, in its sole discretion, shall make all
determinations as to rights to benefits under this Agreement, the
interpretation of the terms and provisions of this Agreement and all other
issues related to this Agreement.  Any decision by the Company denying a claim
for benefits under this Agreement shall be stated in writing and delivered or
mailed to the Executive or his beneficiary(ies) having made such claim.  Such
decision shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial and shall notify
the Executive or his beneficiary(ies), as appropriate, of the opportunity for a
full and fair review of the decision denying such claim.

                   Any notice, consent, or demand required or permitted to be
given under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be
signed by the party giving or making the same.





                                      111
<PAGE>   6
The effective date of such notice, consent, or demand as applicable to the
addressee shall be the date of receipt by the addressee or date of mailing, if
the notice is mailed.

                   If the Executive and the Company are unable to resolve a
dispute concerning this Agreement, the dispute shall be reviewed through the
arbitration procedure and in accordance with the following:

                          (A)     The Company will ask the United States
                                  Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service
                                  ("FMCS") to provide a list of seven names of
                                  neutral and experienced arbitrators who
                                  reside in the State of Louisiana.  Upon
                                  receipt of this list, a single arbitrator
                                  will be selected by agreement between the
                                  Company and the Executive, or, if no
                                  agreement can be reached, by alternatively
                                  striking names from the list until a single
                                  name remains.  The arbitrator will schedule a
                                  hearing at which the facts surrounding the
                                  dispute can be presented.

                          (B)     Upon written request of either the Company or
                                  the Executive, the names, addresses and
                                  telephone numbers of witnesses who will
                                  testify at the hearing and copies of any
                                  documents to be presented to the arbitrator
                                  at the hearing must be provided to the
                                  requesting party within five (5) working days
                                  of the other party's receipt of the request.

                          (C)     The Executive may retain legal counsel or
                                  represent himself at the hearing.  Although
                                  the fees and expenses of the arbitrator will
                                  be paid by the Company in all cases, expenses
                                  incurred by the Executive in arbitration,
                                  including attorney fees, must be paid by the
                                  Executive.

                          (D)     During the hearing, both the Company and the
                                  Executive will have the opportunity to call
                                  witnesses on their behalf, question witnesses
                                  presented by the other party, present
                                  relevant documentary evidence, make closing
                                  arguments to the arbitrator and file briefs
                                  as the arbitrator may allow.  The rules of
                                  procedure of the FMCS and the Federal
                                  Arbitration Act will apply, and the
                                  arbitrator will have full authority to make
                                  any necessary rulings.

                          (E)     This arbitration provision and all of its
                                  procedures are considered to be the mandatory
                                  and exclusive method by which an Executive
                                  may dispute a claim under the Agreement.  The
                                  Company and the Executive accept that this
                                  arbitration provision is final and binding,
                                  and no other procedure, for example,
                                  litigation or an administrative proceeding,
                                  may be pursued to redress complaints growing
                                  out of this





                                      112
<PAGE>   7
                                  Agreement.  However, an arbitrator's award
                                  may be enforced or set aside in accordance
                                  with the Federal Arbitration Act.

                          (F)     This provision will be interpreted in
                                  accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act
                                  and FMCS regulations.

                                NON-ALIENABILITY

                 Neither the Executive nor any beneficiary(ies) under this
Agreement shall have any power or right to transfer, assign, anticipate,
pledge, mortgage, commute or otherwise encumber in advance any of the benefits
payable hereunder, nor shall said benefits be subject to seizure for the
payment of any debts or judgments or be transferable by operation of law in the
event of bankruptcy, insolvency, or otherwise.

                          PARTICIPATION IN OTHER PLANS

                 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to
alter, abridge, or in any manner affect the rights and privileges of the
Executive to participate in any pension, profit-sharing, or other plan or plans
the Company may now or hereafter provide.

                              BENEFITS AND BURDENS

                 This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of
the Executive and his legal representative, and it shall be binding on the
Company and any successor organization that shall succeed to substantially all
the Company's assets, by merger, consolidation, or otherwise.

                                  REVOCABILITY

                 The Company and the Executive may agree, in writing, to amend
or revoke this Agreement at any time.





                                      113
<PAGE>   8

                           NOT AN EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

                 This Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of
employment between the parties hereto, nor shall any provision herein restrict
the right of the Company to discharge or otherwise terminate the Executive, or
restrict the right of the Executive to terminate his employment, in accordance
with the terms of the Employment Agreement.

                              GOVERNING LAW, ETC.

                   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana, where it is made and is to
be performed.  It sets forth the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the subject matter thereof, and any amendment hereto shall be made
only in writing.

                   A waiver of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall
not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, such that the remaining
provisions will remain in full force and effect.

                   Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this
Agreement, each section, paragraph, term or provision of this Agreement, should
be considered severable; and if, for any reason, any section, paragraph, term
or provision herein is determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict
with any existing or future law or regulation of a court or agency having valid
jurisdiction, such shall not impair the operation of or affect the remaining
sections, paragraphs, terms or provisions of this Agreement, and the latter
shall continue to be in full force and effect and bind the parties hereto; in
such invalid sections, paragraphs, terms and/or provisions shall be deemed not
to be part of this Agreement.


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Executive have
executed this Agreement on the day and year first above written in the presence
of the undersigned competent witnesses.


WITNESSES:                              UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL
                                        CORPORATION

                                        BY:     
- -------------------------                       -------------------------------

- -------------------------                       -------------------------------





                                      114
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>SPLIT DOLLAR AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.24


                        SPLIT-DOLLAR INSURANCE AGREEMENT



                 THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into this ____ day of
_______________, 19__, by and between United Companies Financial Corporation, a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Louisiana
(the "Employer), and _____________________ (the "Employee").

                 WHEREAS, Employee is a valued employee of Employer and
Employer wishes to retain him in its employ; and

                 WHEREAS, Employer, as an inducement to such continued
employment, wishes to assist Employee with his personal life insurance program.

                 NOW, THEREFORE, the Employer and Employee agree as follows:

                   The life insurance policies covered by this Agreement is
Policy Number _________________ (the "Policy") issued by
_____________________________________ (the "Insurer") on the life of Employee
with a face amount of $___________.

                   Employer shall be the owner of the Policy; and shall have
the right to exercise all incidents of ownership in the Policy, except as
provided in paragraph 3 below.

                  Employer shall cause the Policy to be endorsed to reflect the
respective interests of the parties under this Agreement as follows:

                          The Employer shall be the direct beneficiary of an
                                  amount of the proceeds of the Policy equal to
                                  the lesser of the cash value of the Policy or
                                  premiums paid minus any Policy indebtedness
                                  to the Insurer.

                          The balance of the proceeds, if any, shall be payable
                                  to the beneficiary designated pursuant to
                                  subparagraph 3(c) below.

                          The Employee, or his transferee, shall have the right
                                  to designate and change primary and
                                  contingent beneficiaries of any portion of
                                  the proceeds to which the Employee, or his
                                  transferee, may be entitled hereunder, and to
                                  elect and change any settlement option that
                                  may be permitted under the Policy for such
                                  beneficiaries.





                                      115
<PAGE>   2
                  Each premium on the Policy shall be paid by the Employer as
it becomes due.  The Employee, shall make no premium payments.  The Employer
shall annually furnish the Employee a statement of the amount of income
reportable by the Employee for federal and state income tax purposes, if any,
as a result of its payment of the premium.


                  The Employer shall not sell, surrender or transfer ownership
of the Policy while this Agreement is in effect without first giving Employee,
or his transferee, the option to purchase the Policy for a period of sixty (60)
days from written notice of such intention by Employer.  The purchase price
shall be an amount equal to the aggregate premiums the Employer has paid on
said Policy less any policy indebtedness to the Insurer.  This provision shall
not impair the right of the Employer to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
paragraph 6 below.  In the event the Employee shall not exercise said option to
purchase the Policy and the Employer shall surrender or cancel the Policy prior
to the death of the Employee, the Employer's interest shall be equal to the
aggregate amount of premiums paid by the Employer, less any Policy indebtedness
to the Insurer and other indebtedness secured by the Policy (including interest
thereon).  This provision shall not apply in the event the Employer purchases a
policy of equal or greater value on the life of the Employee which becomes
subject to the terms of the Agreement.

                  This Agreement may be terminated, subject to the provisions
of paragraphs 7 and 8 below, by either party hereto with or without the consent
of the other party by giving notice in writing to the other party.  In the
event of the termination of Employee's employment with Employer for any reason
whatsoever other than Employee's death, this Agreement shall terminate
automatically, subject to the provisions of paragraphs 7 and 8 below.  This
Agreement shall automatically terminate without the requirement that notice be
given by either party on the day before the Employee attains age 70.

                 7.  In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided
in paragraph 6 above for any reason prior to the date the employee attains age
55, other than (1) the Employee becoming disabled, or (2) the Employee's
involuntary termination of employment, the Employee shall have the option to
purchase the Policy from the Employer during a period of sixty (60) days from
the date of termination of this Agreement.  The purchase price of the Policy
shall be an amount equal to the aggregate premiums the Employer has paid on
said Policy less any policy indebtedness to the Insurer.  An Employee shall be
disabled and his employment deemed terminated for purposes of this Agreement if
he becomes eligible for disability benefits under any long-term disability plan
maintained by the Employer other than disability benefits payable under an
employment agreement between the Employee and the Employer.  In the event that
there is no such long-term disability plan, the Employee shall be considered
disabled if he is unable to perform the essential duties of his position and if
such inability to perform is expected to result in death or to be for a long
and indefinite duration, as determined by a physician





                                      116
<PAGE>   3
selected by the Employer.

                  If this Agreement terminates for any reason, then subject to
the Employee's right to purchase the Policy within sixty (60) days following
termination of this Agreement under Paragraph 7, the Employee, or his
transferee, agrees to execute any instruments that may be required by the
Insurer to vest all rights in the Policy in the Employer.  After the execution
of such instruments, Employee, or his transferee, shall have no further
interest in the Policy or in this Agreement.

                   In the event the Employee shall transfer all of his interest
in the Policy, then all of Employee's interest in the Policy and in this
Agreement shall be vested in his transferee, who shall be substituted as a
party hereunder, and the Employee shall have no further interest in the Policy
or in this Agreement.

                  The Insurer shall be bound only by the provisions and
endorsements on the Policy, and any payments made or action taken by it in
accordance therewith shall fully discharge it from all claims, suits and
demands of all persons whatsoever.  Except as specifically provided by
endorsement on the Policy, it shall in no way be bound by the provisions of
this Agreement.

                  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, this
Agreement may not be canceled, amended, altered or modified, except by a
written instrument signed by all of the parties hereto.

                  Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be
given under the provisions of this Agreement by one party to another shall be
in writing, shall be signed by the party giving or making the same, and may be
given either by delivering the same to such other party personally, or by
mailing the same, by United States certified mail, postage prepaid, to such
party, addressed to his, her or its last known address as shown on the records
of the Employer.  The date of such mailing shall be deemed the date of such
mailed notice, consent or demand.

                  This Agreement shall bind Employer, Employee and his heirs,
executors, administrators and transferees, and any Policy beneficiary.

                  This Agreement, and the rights of the parties hereunder,
shall be governed by and construed pursuant to the laws of the State of
Louisiana.

                  A waiver of one or more provisions of this Agreement shall
not affect any other provision of this Agreement, such that the remaining
provisions will remain in full force and effect.





                                      117
<PAGE>   4
                  This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties.
Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, each section,
paragraph, term or provision of this Agreement, should be considered severable;
and if, for any reason, any section, paragraph, term or provision herein is
determined to be invalid and contrary to, or in conflict with any existing or
future law or regulation of a court or agency having valid jurisdiction, such
shall not impair the operation of or affect the remaining sections, paragraphs,
terms or provisions of this agreement, and the latter shall continue to be in
full force and effect and bind the parties hereto; in such invalid sections,
paragraphs, terms and/or provisions shall be deemed not to be part of this
Agreement.

                   If the Employee and the Employer are unable to resolve a
dispute concerning this Agreement, the dispute shall be reviewed through the
arbitration procedure in accordance with the following:

                          (A)     The Employer will ask the United States
                                  Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service
                                  ("FMCS") to provide a list of seven names of
                                  neutral and experienced arbitrators who
                                  reside in the State of Louisiana.  Upon
                                  receipt of this list, a single arbitrator
                                  will be selected by agreement between the
                                  Employer and the Employee, or, if no
                                  agreement can be reached, by alternatively
                                  striking names from the list until a single
                                  name remains.  The arbitrator will schedule a
                                  hearing at which the facts surrounding the
                                  dispute can be presented.

                          (B)     Upon written request of either the Employer
                                  or the Employee, the names, addresses and
                                  telephone numbers of witnesses who will
                                  testify at the hearing and copies of any
                                  documents to be presented to the arbitrator
                                  at the hearing must be provided to the
                                  requesting party within five (5) working days
                                  of the other party's receipt of the request.

                          (C)     The Employee may retain legal counsel or
                                  represent himself at the hearing.  Although
                                  the fees and expenses of the arbitrator will
                                  be paid by the Employer in all cases,
                                  expenses incurred by the Employee in
                                  arbitration, including attorney fees, must be
                                  paid by the Employee.

                          (D)     During the hearing, both the Employer and the
                                  Employee will have the opportunity to call
                                  witnesses on their behalf, question witnesses
                                  presented by the other party, present
                                  relevant documentary evidence, make closing
                                  arguments to the arbitrator and file briefs
                                  as the arbitrator may allow.  The Employee
                                  must prove by a





                                      118
<PAGE>   5
                                  preponderance of the evidence that he is
                                  entitled to benefits under this Agreement.
                                  The rules of procedure of the FMCS and the
                                  Federal Arbitration Act will apply, and the
                                  arbitrator will have full authority to make
                                  any necessary rulings.

                          (E)     This arbitration provision and all of its
                                  procedures are considered to be the mandatory
                                  and exclusive method by which an Employee may
                                  dispute a claim under the Agreement.  The
                                  Employer and the Employee accept that this
                                  arbitration provision is final and binding,
                                  and no other procedure, for example,
                                  litigation or an administrative proceeding,
                                  may be pursued to redress complaints growing
                                  out of this Agreement.  However, an
                                  arbitrator's award may be enforced or set
                                  aside in accordance with the Federal
                                  Arbitration Act.

                          (F)     This provision will be interpreted in
                                  accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act
                                  and FMCS regulations.


                 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement
the day and year first above written.


                                        UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION



                                        BY: 
                                            ----------------------------------



                                        --------------------------------------





                                      119
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                
                                                                    EXHIBIT 11.1

             UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Year Ended December 31,                   
                                                                     ----------------------------------------------------    
                                                                        1995                 1994                1993        
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                           (in thousands, except per share amounts)          
<S>                                                                  <C>                 <C>                                 
Primary Earnings Per Share                                                                                                   
     Income available to common shareholders:                                                                                
     Income from continuing operations............................   $   72,959           $  54,582           $   28,317     
     Less: Loss from discontinued operations......................       (3,491)             (5,048)             (16,742)    
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                                                                             
     Net income...................................................       69,468              49,534               11,575     
     Less:  Dividends on preferred stock..........................          -                   -                   (333)    
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                                                                             
     Total........................................................   $   69,468           $  49,534           $   11,242     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========
                                                                                                                             
     Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares:                                                      
     Average common shares outstanding............................       27,854              27,298               21,304     
     Add:  Dilutive effect of stock options after                                                                            
             application of treasury stock method.................          895               1,192                  904     
           Dilutive effect of preferred stock                                                                                
             after application of "if converted" method...........        1,752                 -                    -       
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                         30,501              28,490               22,208     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========

     Earnings (loss) per share:                                                                                              
     Income from continuing operations............................   $     2.39           $    1.92           $     1.26     
     Loss from discontinued operations............................         (.11)               (.18)                (.75)    
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                                                                             
     Total........................................................   $     2.28           $    1.74           $      .51     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========
                                                                                                                             
Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share                                                                                             
     Income available to common shareholders:                                                                                
     Income from continuing operations............................   $   72,959           $  54,582           $   28,317     
     Less: Loss from discontinued operations......................       (3,491)             (5,048)             (16,742)    
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    

     Total........................................................   $   69,468           $  49,534           $   11,575     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========
                                                                                                                             
     Weighted average number of common and all dilutive contingent 
     shares:                                                
     Average common shares outstanding............................       27,854              27,298               21,304    
     Add:  Dilutive effect of stock options after                                                                            
             application of treasury stock method.................          928               1,192                1,374    
           Dilutive effect of preferred stock                                                                                
             after application of "if converted" method...........        2,121                 -                  1,028     
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    
                                                                         30,903              28,490               23,706     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========
     Earnings (loss) per share:                                                                                              
     Income from continuing operations............................   $     2.36           $    1.92           $     1.20     
     Loss from discontinued operations............................         (.11)               (.18)                (.71)    
                                                                     -----------          ----------          -----------    

     Total........................................................   $     2.25           $    1.74           $      .49     
                                                                     ===========          ==========          ==========
</TABLE>





                                   120

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENTS REGARDING COMPUTATION OF RATIOS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                    EXHIBIT 21.1

                     UNITED COMPANIES FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                              LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                DECEMBER 31, 1995

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        State of
Name                                                                                                  Incorporation
<S>                                                                                                         <C>
United Companies Life Insurance Company.....................................................................Louisiana
United Variable Services, Inc. (3)..........................................................................Louisiana
United Companies Lending Corporation........................................................................Louisiana
Pelican Mortgage Company, Inc. (1)...........................................................................Delaware
Adobe, Inc. (2)................................................................................................Nevada
UCFC Acceptance Corporation (1).............................................................................Louisiana
United Companies Mortgage of Tennessee, Inc. (1)............................................................Tennessee
United Companies Second Mortgage Corporation of Minnesota(1)................................................Minnesota
United Companies Credit Life Insurance of Nevada, Inc.(1)......................................................Nevada
UNICOR MORTGAGE(R), Inc. ...................................................................................Louisiana
UNICOR Second Mortgage, Inc. of Minnesota(4)................................................................Minnesota
GINGER MAE(R), Inc..........................................................................................Louisiana
GINGER MAE Second Mortgage, Inc. of Minnesota(5)............................................................Minnesota
Southern Mortgage Acquisition, Inc..........................................................................Louisiana
Foster Mortgage Corporation.................................................................................Louisiana
United Communications Corporation of Louisiana, Inc.........................................................Louisiana
United Companies Management Company, Inc....................................................................Louisiana
United Companies Realty and Development Company, Inc........................................................Louisiana
United General Title Insurance Company......................................................................Louisiana
United Plan Insurance Agency, Inc...........................................................................Louisiana
United Companies Lending Group, Inc.........................................................................Louisiana
United Companies Funding, Inc...............................................................................Louisiana
United Credit Card, Inc.....................................................................................Louisiana
</TABLE>

- ------------------------------------


(1) Wholly owned by United Companies Lending Corporation 

(2) Wholly owned by Pelican Mortgage Company, Inc. 

(3) Wholly owned by United Companies Life Insurance Company 

(4) Wholly owned by UNICOR MORTGAGE(R), Inc.

(5) Wholly owned by GINGER MAE(R), Inc.



                                       121

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

We consent to the incorporation by reference of our opinion dated February 29,
1996 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of United Companies Financial
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1995 in the following: Registration
Statement No. 33-15326 on Form S-8 pertaining to the United Companies Financial
Corporation 1986 Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan, Registration Statement
No. 33-17366 on Form S-8 pertaining to the United Companies Financial
Corporation Employees' Savings Plan and Trust, Registration Statement No.
33-29994 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 1989 Stock Incentive Plan and the 1989
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, Registration Statement No.  33-54955
on Form S-8 pertaining to the 1993 Stock Incentive Plan and the 1993
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, Registration Statement No. 33-68626 on
Form S-3 pertaining to the registration of 1,951,204 shares of United Companies
Financial Corporation Common Stock, Registration Statement No. 33-60367 on Form
S-3 pertaining to the registration of $200 million of United Companies
Financial Corporation Debt Securities and Preferred Stock, and Registration
Statement No.  33-52739 on Form S-3 pertaining to the registration of 200,000
shares of United Companies Financial Corporation Common Stock and Registration
Statement No.  33-63069 on Form S-8 pertaining to the United Companies
Financial Corporation Management Incentive Plan.


DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP


Baton Rouge, Louisiana
March 15, 1996



                                       122




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM 10-K FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1995 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE
TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          28,087
<SECURITIES>                                 1,218,353
<RECEIVABLES>                                  428,465
<ALLOWANCES>                                    14,891
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                     0
<PP&E>                                          63,547
<DEPRECIATION>                                  24,888
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,366,886
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                0
<BONDS>                                        255,756
<COMMON>                                        58,604
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                      3,910
<OTHER-SE>                                     319,437
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,366,886
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               397,950
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                        0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               238,853
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                16,025
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              28,308
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                114,764
<INCOME-TAX>                                    41,805
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             72,959
<DISCONTINUED>                                 (3,491)
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    69,468
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.28
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.25
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
