-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NHtTbGcS1NpyHDFtmjwbeb4+GGfcII6i8UAQwQMnpz8hRqSID23yM7Nz2AVwNeKW
 7lSm/roRmp9HRpuNodisfA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950116-94-000038.txt : 19940720
<IMS-HEADER>0000950116-94-000038.hdr.sgml : 19940720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950116-94-000038
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103730
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3670
		IRS NUMBER:				381686453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07416
		FILM NUMBER:		94519514

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 LINCOLN HWY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2156441300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		63 LINCOLN HIGHWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 1
                                                                      
                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                  
                     WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                        

                            FORM 10-K

/ X /          ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993

                               OR

/   /          TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

For the transition period from _______________ to ________________            

                  Commission file number 1-7416

                  VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                Delaware                        38-1686453     
    -------------------------------         -------------------
    (State or other jurisdiction of         (I.R.S. employer
    incorporation or organization)          identification no.)

                 63 Lincoln Highway
               Malvern, Pennsylvania              19355-2120     
    ----------------------------------------      ----------
    (Address of principal executive offices)      (Zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (610) 644-1300 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                            Name of each exchange on
    Title of each class                         which registered 
    -------------------                     ------------------------   
    Common Stock, $.10 par value            New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.                Yes    X           No     
                                         ---------         ---------

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. (  )

    The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant as of March 25, 1994, assuming
conversion of all its Class B Common Stock into Common Stock of the
registrant held by non-affiliates, was $648,375,000.

    As of March 25, 1994, registrant had 17,641,081 shares of its
Common Stock and 3,590,232 shares of its Class B common stock
outstanding.

    Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement, which
will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 1993, are
incorporated by reference into Part III.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 2

                               PART I.
                               -------

Item 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
- - - --------------------------------
General

         Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (together with its
consolidated subsidiaries, "Vishay" or the "Company") is a leading
international manufacturer and supplier of passive electronic
components, particularly resistors and tantalum and film
capacitors.  Resistors, the most common component in electronic
circuits, are used to adjust and regulate levels of voltage and
current.  Capacitors perform energy storage, frequency control,
timing and filtering functions in almost all types of electronic
equipment.  The Company's products are used in a broad variety of
electronic applications, including those in the computer,
telecommunications, military/aerospace, instrument, industrial,
automotive, office equipment and entertainment industries.

         Through a series of acquisitions over the last eight
years, the Company has grown from a small manufacturer of precision
resistors and strain gages to one of the world's largest manufac-
turers and suppliers of a broad line of passive electronic compo-
nents.   The Company's acquisition strategy has focused on
acquiring manufacturers of those types of quality products in which
the Company has strong marketing organizations and technical
expertise but who have encountered operating, financial or
management difficulties.  In connection with each acquisition, the
Company has implemented programs to realize synergies between its
existing businesses and the acquired business.  These programs have
focused on reducing selling, general and administrative expenses
and maximizing production efficiencies, including the integration
of redundant sales offices and administrative functions and the
transfer of some production operations to regions where the Company
can take advantage of lower labor costs and available tax and other
incentives.

         The Company's first major acquisition was the purchase in
1985 of a 50% interest in Dale Electronics, Inc. ("Dale"), a United
States producer of precision and commercial resistors, magnetic
components and plasma displays.  In 1987, the Company established
a major presence in Germany with the acquisition of Draloric
Electronic GmbH ("Draloric"), strengthening the Company's metal
film resistor and specialty resistor businesses.  In 1988, the
Company acquired the remaining 50% interest in Dale as well as all
of the outstanding shares of Sfernice, S.A., a French manufacturer
of resistors, potentiometers and printed circuit boards.  Subse-
quently, Vishay acquired several small United States inductor
manufacturers and one French inductor manufacturer.  In 1992, the
Company acquired the worldwide tantalum capacitor and United States
thick film resistor network businesses of American Annuity Group,
Inc., formerly Sprague Technologies, Inc. ("STI").  In January
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 3

1993, Vishay exercised its option to purchase 81% of the
outstanding share capital of Roederstein Spezialfabriken fur
Bauelemente der Elektronik und Kondensatoren der Starkstromtechnik
GmbH ("Roederstein").  Vishay acquired its initial 19% interest in
Roederstein in February 1992.  Roederstein's principal products
include film, aluminum electrolytic and tantalum capacitors as well
as resistors.  It also manufactures single layer ceramic
capacitors, heavy current capacitors and triplers.

         Most recently, on July 2, 1993, Vishay acquired the
assets of the tantalum capacitor business of Philips Electronics
North America Corporation, a subsidiary of Philips Electronics
N.V., for approximately $11 million.

         The Company currently operates as five separate business
units:  (i) Vishay Electronic Components, U.S., which is comprised
of Dale, a manufacturer and supplier of resistors, the Vishay
Resistive Systems Unit, which primarily manufactures high
performance foil resistors and thin film resistor networks, and
Sprague, which consists of the tantalum capacitor and thick film
resistor network manufacturing businesses acquired from STI; (ii)
Draloric/Roederstein, German-based manufacturers and suppliers of
resistors and capacitors in Europe; (iii) Sfernice, S.A., a
resistor producer in France; (iv) Measurements Group, Inc., which
produces resistive sensors and other stress measuring devices in
the United States; and (v) Vishay Components (UK) Ltd., a
manufacturer and supplier of the Company's products in the United
Kingdom.

         Vishay was incorporated in Delaware in 1962 and maintains
its principal executive offices at 63 Lincoln Highway, Malvern,
Pennsylvania 19355-2120.  The telephone number is (610) 644-1300.

Products

         Vishay designs, manufactures and markets electronic
components that cover a wide range of products and technologies. 
The products primarily consist of fixed resistors, tantalum and
film capacitors, and, to a lesser extent, inductors, specialty
ceramic capacitors, transformers, potentiometers, plasma displays
and thermistors.

         Resistors are basic components used in all forms of
electronic circuitry to adjust and regulate levels of voltage and
current.  They vary widely in precision and cost, and are
manufactured in numerous materials and forms.  Resistive components
may be either fixed or variable, the distinction being whether the
resistance is adjustable (variable) or not (fixed).  Resistors can
also be used as measuring devices, such as Vishay's resistive
sensors.  Resistive sensors, or strain gages, are used in
electronic measurement and experimental stress analysis systems, as
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 4

well as in transducers, for measuring loads (scales), acceleration
and fluid pressure.

         Fixed resistive components can be broadly categorized as
discrete components or networks.  A discrete component is designed
to perform a single function and is incorporated by the customer in
the circuitry of a system which requires that particular function. 
A network, on the other hand, is a microcircuit (consisting of a
number of resistors placed on a ceramic base), which is designed to
perform a number of standard functions.  Vishay manufactures
discrete resistors and networks both of which are principally sold
in the precision or higher quality segments of the resistor market
(i.e., fixed precision wirewound, metal film and foil resistors and
network resistors).

         The Company's resistive products primarily consist of
fixed resistors (foil and thin film resistors, wire-wound
resistors, metal film resistors, oxide film resistors, thermistors,
thick film resistor chips, networks (microcircuits) and resistive
sensors); variable resistors (trimmers and potentiometers);
magnetic components (inductors and transformers) and printed
circuit boards.  Vishay produces resistors for virtually every
segment of the resistive product market, from resistors used in the
highest quality precision instruments for which the performance of
the resistors is the most important requirement, to resistors for
which price is the most important factor.

         Capacitors perform energy storage, frequency control,
timing and filtering functions in most types of electronic equip-
ment.  The more important applications for capacitors are (i)
electronic filtering for linear and switching power supplies, (ii)
decoupling and bypass of electronic signals or integrated circuits
and circuit boards, and (iii) frequency control, timing and
conditioning of electronic signals for a broad range of applica-
tions.  The Company's capacitor products primarily consist of solid
tantalum chip capacitors, solid tantalum leaded capacitors,
wet/foil tantalum capacitors and film capacitors.  The tantalum
capacitor is the smallest and most stable type of capacitor for its
range of capacitance.

Markets

         The Company's products are sold primarily to other
manufacturers and, to a much lesser extent, to United States and
foreign government agencies.  Its products are used in, among other
things, the circuitry of measuring instruments, industrial equip-
ment, automotive applications including engine controls and fuel
injection systems, process control systems, computer-related
products, telecommunications, military and aerospace applications,
medical instruments and scales.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 5

         Approximately 41% of the Company's net sales for the year
ended December 31, 1993 was attributable to sales to customers in
the United States while the remainder was attributable to sales
primarily in Europe.  In the United States, products are marketed
primarily through independent manufacturers' representatives (who
are compensated solely on a commission basis), the Company's
own sales personnel and independent distributors.  The
Company has regional sales personnel in several locations to
provide technical and sales support for independent manufacturers'
representatives throughout the United States, Mexico and Canada. 
In addition, the Company uses independent distributors to resell
its products.  Internationally, products are sold to customers in
Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Israel, Japan, Singapore,
South Korea and other European and Pacific Rim countries through
Company sales offices, independent manufacturers' representatives
and distributors.

         The Company endeavors to have its products incorporated
into the design of electronic equipment at the research and proto-
type stages.  Vishay employs its own staff of application and field
engineers who work with its customers, independent manufacturers'
representatives and distributors to solve technical problems and
develop products to meet specific needs.

         One of the fastest growing markets for passive electronic
components is for surface mounted devices.  These devices adhere to
the surface of a circuit board rather than being secured by leads
that pass through holes to the back side of the board.  Surface
mounting provides certain advantages over through-hole mounting,
including the ability to place more components on a circuit board. 
The Company believes it has taken advantage of the growth of the
surface mount market and is an industry leader in designing and
marketing surface mount devices.  The Company offers a wide range
of these devices, including both thick and thin film resistor chips
and networks, capacitors, inductors, oscillators, transformers and
potentiometers, as well as a number of component packaging styles
to facilitate automated product assembly by its customers.

         Sales of the Company's products to manufacturers in
defense-related industries have continued to decline over the past
year, primarily as a result of reduced governmental procurements of
defense-related products.  The Company has qualified certain
products under various military specifications, approved and
monitored by the United States Defense Electronic Supply Center
("DESC"), and under certain European military specifications. 
Classification levels have been established by DESC based upon the
rate of failure of products to meet specifications (the "Classifi-
cation Level").  In order to maintain the Classification Level of
a product, tests must be continuously performed, and the results of
these tests must be reported to DESC.  If the product fails to meet
the requirements for the applicable Classification Level, the
product's classification may be reduced to a less stringent level. 
In that event, the Company's product may not qualify for use as a 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 6

component in other products required to meet a more stringent
Classification Level, although the Company's product may still be
sold for use in other products requiring a less stringent classifi-
cation.  After completion of additional retesting, however, the
product may again be classified at its original level.  Sales of
the product may be adversely affected pending the completion of any
such additional retesting and the resumption of the original
Classification Level.  Various United States manufacturing facili-
ties from time to time experience a product Classification Level
modification.  During the time that such level is modified for any
specific product, net sales and earnings derived from such product
may be adversely affected.

         The Company is undertaking to have the quality systems at
all of its major manufacturing facilities approved under the
established ISO 9000 international quality control standard.  ISO
9000 is a comprehensive set of quality program standards developed
by the International Standards Organization.  Several of the
Company's manufacturing operations have already received ISO 9000
approval and others are actively pursuing such approval.

         Vishay's largest customers vary from year to year, and no
customer has long-term commitments to purchase products of the
Company.  No customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company's
sales for the year ended December 31, 1993.  

Research and Development

         The Company maintains separate research and development
staffs and promotes separate programs at a number of its production
facilities to develop new products and new applications of existing
products, and to improve product and manufacturing techniques. 
This decentralized system encourages individual product development
and, from time to time, developments at one manufacturing facility
will have applications at another facility.  Most of the Company's
products and manufacturing processes have been invented, designed
and developed by Company engineers and scientists.  Company
research and development costs were approximately $7.1 million for
1993, $7.1 million for 1992 and $7.0 million for 1991.  The Company
spends additional amounts for the development of machinery and
equipment for new processes and for cost reduction measures.  See
"Competition".

Sources of Supplies

         Although most materials incorporated in the Company's
products are available from a number of sources, certain materials
(particularly tantalum) are available only from a limited number of
suppliers.  In order to protect itself from manufacturing
disruptions due to potential supply shortages, the Company
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 7

maintains a supply of certain critical materials, the nondelivery
of which could have a materially adverse effect on the Company.

         Tantalum metal is the principal material used in the
manufacture of tantalum capacitor products.  Tantalum is purchased
in powder form, primarily under annual contracts with domestic
suppliers, at prices that are subject to periodic adjustment.  The
Company is a major consumer of the world's annual tantalum
production.  Tantalum, and other required raw materials have
generally been available in sufficient quantities, but have been
subject to wide price variations.  Disruptions in the supply of, or
substantial increases in the price of, tantalum metal could have a
materially adverse effect on the Company.

Inventory and Backlog

         Although Vishay manufactures standardized products, a
substantial portion of its products are produced to meet specific
customer specifications.  The Company does, however, maintain an
inventory of resistors and other components.  Backlog of outstand-
ing orders for the Company's products was $198.4 million, $134.3
million and $104.5 million, at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.  The increase in backlog at December 31, 1993 and
1992, as compared with prior periods, is attributable to the
acquisitions of Roederstein and Sprague, respectively.  The current
backlog is expected to be filled during the next 12 months.  Most
of the orders in the Company's backlog may be cancelled by its
customers, in whole or in part, although sometimes subject to
penalty.  To date, however, cancellations have not represented a
material portion of the backlog.

Competition

         The Company faces strong competition in its various
product lines from both domestic and foreign manufacturers that
produce products using technologies similar to those of the
Company.  Certain of the Company's products compete on the basis of
its marketing and distribution network, which provides a high level
of customer service, such as design assistance, order expediting
and prompt delivery.  In addition, the Company's competitive
position depends on its product quality, know-how, proprietary
data, marketing and service capabilities, business reputation and
price.

         A number of the Company's customers are contractors or
subcontractors on various United States and foreign government
contracts.  Under certain United States Government contracts,
retroactive adjustments can be made to contract prices affecting
the profit margin on such contracts.  The Company believes that its
profits are not excessive and, accordingly, no provision has been
made for any such adjustment.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 8

         In several areas the Company strengthens its market
position by conducting seminars and educational programs for
customers and for potential customers.

         Although the Company has numerous United States and
foreign patents covering certain of its products and manufacturing
processes, and acquired various patents with the acquisition of the
STI tantalum capacitor and network lines, no particular patent is
considered material to the business of the Company.

Manufacturing Operations

         The Company conducts manufacturing operations in three
principal geographic regions:  the United States, Europe and
Israel.  At December 31, 1993, approximately 40% of the Company's
identifiable assets were located in the United States,
approximately 50% were located in Europe, approximately 9% were
located in Israel and 1% in other regions.  In the United States,
the Company's main manufacturing facilities are located in
Nebraska, South Dakota, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Maine.  In
Europe, the Company's main manufacturing facilities are located in
Selb and Landshut, Germany and Nice and Tours, France.  In Israel,
manufacturing facilities are located in Holon and Dimona.  The
Company also maintains manufacturing facilities in Juarez, Mexico
and Toronto, Canada.

         For the year ended December 31, 1993, sales of products
manufactured in Israel accounted for approximately 8% of the
Company's net sales.  The Company conducts manufacturing operations
in Israel in order to take advantage of the relatively low wage
rates in Israel and several incentive programs instituted by the
Government of Israel, including certain tax abatements.  These
programs have contributed substantially to the growth and
profitability of the Company.  The Company may be materially and
adversely affected if these incentive programs were no longer
available to the Company or if hostilities were to occur in the
Middle East that materially interfere with the Company's operations
in Israel.

         Due to a shift in manufacturing emphasis, resulting from
the growing market for surface mount devices, over-capacity at a
number of the Company's manufacturing facilities and the relocation
of some production to regions with lower labor costs, portions of
the Company's work force and certain facilities may not be fully
utilized in the future.  As a result, the Company may incur
significant costs in connection with work force reductions and the
closing of additional manufacturing facilities.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 9

Environment

         The Company's manufacturing operations are subject to
various federal, state and local laws restricting discharge of
materials into the environment.  The Company is not involved in any
pending or threatened proceedings which would require curtailment
of its operations at this time.  However, the Company is involved
in various legal actions concerning state government enforcement
proceedings and various dump site clean-ups.  These actions may
result in fines and/or clean-up expenses.  The Company believes
that any fine and/or clean-up expense, if imposed, would not be
material.  The Company continually expends funds to ensure that its
facilities comply with applicable environmental regulations.  The
Company has nearly completed its undertaking to comply with new
environmental regulations, relating to the elimination of
chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) and ozone depleting substances (ODS), and
other anticipated compliances with the Clean Air Act amendments of
1990.  The Company anticipates that it will undertake capital
expenditures of approximately $1,000,000 in fiscal 1994 for general
environmental enhancement programs.

Employees

         As of December 31, 1993, the Company employed
approximately 14,200 full time employees of whom approximately
8,600 were located outside the United States.  The Company hires
few employees on a part time basis.  While many of the Company's
foreign employees are members of trade unions, none of the
Company's employees located in the United States are represented by
unions except for approximately 172 employees at the North Adams,
Massachusetts facility acquired from STI, who are represented by
three unions.  The Company is currently negotiating the collective
bargaining agreements of such domestic employees with each of these
unions.  The Company believes that its relationship with its
employees is excellent.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 10

Item 2.  PROPERTIES
- - - -------  ----------

         The Company maintains 53 manufacturing facilities.  The
principal locations of such facilities, along with available space
including administrative offices, are:

                                   Approx. Available
Owned Locations                    Space (Square Feet)
- - - ---------------                    ------------------- 
     United States
     -------------
Malvern and Bradford, PA               223,000
Columbus and Norfolk, NE               336,000
Wendell and Statesville, NC            193,000
Sanford, ME                            212,000

     Foreign
     -------
Germany (11 locations)               1,375,000
France (11 locations)                  606,000
Israel (2 locations)                   400,000
Portugal                               100,000

          Vishay owns an additional 239,000 square feet of manufac-
turing facilities located in Colorado, Maryland, South Dakota and
Florida.

          Available leased facilities in the United States include
420,000 square feet of space located in New York, California, New
Jersey, South Dakota, Texas, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. 
Foreign leased facilities consist of 206,000 square feet in Mexico,
151,000 square feet in France, 130,000 square feet in England,
109,000 square feet in Canada and 98,000 square feet in Germany. 
The Company also has facilities in Japan, Austria, Switzerland,
and the Czech Republic.

          In September 1993, Vishay entered into negotiations to
build an additional manufacturing facility in Israel. The facility,
which will be approximately 200,000 square feet, will be located 
near Haifa.

          Management believes it has sufficient manufacturing space
for its current business.


Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
- - - -------   -----------------

          The Company, from time to time, is involved in routine
litigation incidental to its business.  Management believes that
such matters, either individually or in the aggregate, should not
have a materially adverse effect on the Company's business or
financial condition.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 11

Item 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
- - - -------   ---------------------------------------------------

          During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by
this report, no matter was submitted to a vote of security holders
of the Company.


Item 4A.  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
- - - --------  ------------------------------------

          The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the executive officers of the Company as of March 25,
1994.

Name                     Age          Positions Held
- - - ----                     ---          --------------
Felix Zandman*           65           Chairman of the Board,
                                         President, Chief
                                         Executive Officer
                                         and Director

Robert A. Freece*        53           Vice President, Treasurer,
                                         Chief Financial Officer
                                         and Director

Henry V. Landau          47           Vice President; President
                                         -- Measurements Group,
                                         Inc.

Moshe Shamir             70           Vice President;
                                         President -- Vishay
                                         Israel Limited

William J. Spires        52           Vice President and
                                         Secretary

Donald G. Alfson         48           Vice President, Director;
                                         President -- Vishay
                                         Electronic Components,
                                         U.S. and Asia and
                                         President -- Dale 
                                         Electronics, Inc.

Gerald Paul              45           Vice President, Director;
                                         President -- Vishay
                                         Electronic Components,
                                         Europe and Managing
                                         Director -- Draloric
                                         Electronic GmbH. 

*   Member of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 12

          Felix Zandman, a founder of the Company, has been
President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company
since its inception.  Dr. Zandman has been Chairman of the Board
since March 1989.

          Robert A. Freece has been Vice President, Treasurer,
Chief Financial Officer and a Director of the Company since 1972.

          Henry V. Landau has been a Vice President of the Company
since 1983.  Mr. Landau  has been the President and Chief Executive
Officer of Measurements Group, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company,
since July 1984.  Mr. Landau was an Executive Vice President of
Measurements Group, Inc. from 1981 to 1984 and has been employed by
the Company since 1972.

          Moshe Shamir has been the President of Vishay Israel
Limited since its inception in 1969.  Mr. Shamir has been a Vice
President of the Company since 1972.  Mr. Shamir is also a member
of the Board of Directors of Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries, Ltd.
and Chairman of the Executive Committee thereof.

          William J. Spires has been a Vice President and Secretary
of the Company since 1981.  Mr. Spires has been Vice President -
Industrial Relations since 1980 and has been employed by the
Company since 1970.

          Donald G. Alfson has been a Vice President 
since May 1993, a Director of the Company since May 1992 and the
President of Vishay Electronic Components U.S. and Asia, and
President of Dale Electronics, Inc. since April 1992.  Mr. Alfson
has been employed by the Company since 1972.

          Gerald Paul has been a Vice President and a Director of
the Company since May 1993 and President of Vishay Electronic
Components, Europe since January 1994.  Dr. Paul has been Managing
Director of Draloric Electronic GmbH since January 1991.  Dr. Paul
has been employed by the Company since February 1978.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 13

                             PART II
                             -------
Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SECURITY
- - - -------   HOLDER MATTERS
          ---------------------------------------------------------

          The Company's Common Stock is listed on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol VSH.  The following table sets
forth the high and low sale prices for the Company's Common Stock
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape for the
quarterly periods within the 1993 and 1992 fiscal years indicated. 
Stock prices have been restated to reflect stock dividends.  The
Company does not currently pay cash dividends on its capital stock. 
Its policy is to retain earnings to support the growth of the
Company's business and the Company does not intend to change this
policy at the present time.  In addition, the Company is restricted
from paying cash dividends under the terms of the Company's
revolving credit and term loan agreement (see Note 6 to the
consolidated financial statements).  Holders of record of the
Company's Common Stock totalled approximately 1,441 at March 25,
1994.

                       COMMON STOCK MARKET PRICES

                          Calendar 1993         Calendar 1992

                         High        Low       High        Low
                        ------     ------     ------     ------ 
First Quarter           $35.48     $27.38     $21.31     $14.74
Second Quarter           36.25      25.48      24.29      18.59
Third Quarter            37.75      31.63      26.67      22.03
Fourth Quarter           35.38      28.75      35.48      25.36

          On October 1, 1990, the Company commenced a stock repur-
chase program pursuant to which the Company was authorized to
purchase up to $5 million worth of its Common Stock.  The purchases
of Common Stock by the Company under the repurchase program are
made in open-market transactions, subject to the availability of
stock in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and at the discretion of management.  As of December 31,
1990 the Company had repurchased 36,600 shares at an approximate
cost of $459,000.  No repurchases were made in 1991, 1992 or 1993.

          In addition at March 25, 1994, the Company had
outstanding 3,590,232 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value
$.10 per share (the "Class B Stock"), each of which entitles the
holder to ten votes.  The Class B Stock generally is not
transferable and there is no market for those shares.  The Class B
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into Common
Stock on a share for share basis.  Substantially all such Class B
Stock is beneficially owned by Dr. Felix Zandman, Mr. Moshe Shamir
and a revocable trust for the benefit of Mr. Alfred P. Slaner.  Dr.
Felix Zandman is an executive officer and director of the Company,
and Mr. Shamir is a director.  Mr. Slaner and his wife, Luella B.
Slaner, are Trustees of the Slaner Trust, and accordingly, Mrs.
Slaner, a Vishay director, may also be deemed beneficially to own
such shares.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 14

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
- - - -------  -----------------------

          The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial
information of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1993, 1992,
1991, 1990 and 1989.  This table should be read in conjunction with the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the related notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Year Ended December 31,               
                                ---------------------------------------------
                                1993(1)  1992(2)    1991      1990       1989          
                                -------  -------    ----      ----       ----
                                  (in thousands, except per share amounts)
<S>                           <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>
Net sales. . . . . . . . .    $856,272  $664,226  $442,283  $445,596   $415,619
Interest expense . . . . .      20,624    19,110    15,207    19,426     21,068
Earnings before
  income taxes and 
  cumulative effect of 
  accounting change. . . .      50,894    37,924    27,253    33,856     26,418
Income taxes . . . . . . .       8,246     7,511     6,363    10,655      8,651
Earnings before cumulative
  effect of accounting change   42,648    30,413    20,890     23,201    17,767
Cumulative effect of 
  accounting change for 
  income taxes . . . . . .       1,427      --        --        --         --  
Net earnings . . . . . . .      44,075    30,413    20,890    23,201     17,767
Total assets . . . . . . .     948,106   661,643   448,771   440,656    419,958
Long-term debt . . . . . .     266,999   139,540   127,632   140,212    186,182
Working capital. . . . . .     205,806   145,327   128,733   120,384    115,945
Stockholders' equity . . .     376,503   346,625   201,366   177,839    117,984
Earnings per share:
  Before cumulative effect
    of accounting change .        2.01      1.71      1.25      1.48       1.24
  Accounting change for 
    income taxes . . . . .        0.07      --        --        --         --  
  Net earnings.  . . . . .    $   2.08  $   1.71   $  1.25  $   1.48   $   1.24

Weighted average number 
  of shares outstanding. .      21,228    19,366    16,649    17,961     14,354
</TABLE>
- - - ---------------
(1) Includes the results from January 1, 1993 of the Roederstein acquisition.
(2) Includes the results from January 1, 1992 of the businesses acquired 
    from STI.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 15

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
- - - -------  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
         -------------------------------------------------

Introduction and Background

         The Company's sales and net income have increased
significantly in the past several years primarily as a result of
its acquisitions.  Following each acquisition, the Company
implemented programs to take advantage of distribution and
operating synergies among its businesses.  This implementation is
reflected in an increase in the Company's sales and in the decline
in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
the Company's sales.  Since mid-1990, sales of most of the
Company's products have been adversely affected by the worldwide
slowdown in the electronic components industry.  In addition, sales
to defense-related industries have declined since the first quarter
of 1991.  These trends are continuing.


Year ended December 31, 1993 compared to
Year ended December 31, 1992

Results of Operations
- - - ---------------------
         Net sales for the year ended December 31, 1993 increased
by $192,046,000 over the comparable period of the prior year.  The
increase resulted from the acquisition of Roederstein, effective
January 1, 1993.  Net sales of Roederstein were $212,124,000 for
the year ended December 31, 1993.  Net sales, exclusive of
Roederstein, decreased by $20,078,000, compared to the same period
of the prior year.  This decrease in net sales is attributable to
the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies,
which resulted in a decrease in reported Vishay sales of
$15,671,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993, and recessionary
pressures in Europe.

         Costs of products sold for the year ended December 31,
1993 were 77.5% of net sales as compared to 76.5% for the
comparable period of the prior year.  The reason for this increase
is that the costs of products sold for Roederstein (prior to the
full implementation of synergistic cost reductions) are approx-
imately 80% of net sales, while Vishay's business, exclusive of
Roederstein, has been operating in the 76% to 78% range.  In 1993,
grants of $3,424,000 received from the government of Israel, which
were utilized to offset start-up costs of new facilities, were
recognized as a reduction of costs of products sold.

         Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31, 1993 were 13.9% of net sales as compared to
15.3% for the comparable period of the prior year.  The current
year's lower rates reflect the effect of the acquisition of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 16

Roederstein and the ongoing cost savings programs implemented with
the acquisition of certain businesses of STI during 1992.

         Restructuring charges of $6,659,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1993 consist primarily of severance costs related to
the Company's decision to downsize its European operations,
primarily in France, as a result of the European business climate.

         Income from unusual items of $7,221,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1993 represents proceeds received for business
interruption insurance claims principally related to operations in
Dimona, Israel.

         Interest costs increased by $1,514,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1993 as a result of increased debt incurred for the
acquisition of Roederstein.

         Other income for the year ended December 31, 1993
decreased by $4,410,000 over the comparable period of the prior
year because other income for the year ended December 31, 1992
included consulting fees of $2,307,000 from Roederstein.  These
fees to Vishay were for time and expenses of Vishay personnel
utilized by Roederstein in its attempt to restructure itself. 
Also, other income for the year ended December 31, 1992 included
fees of approximately $3,325,000 from STI under one-year sales and
distribution agreements.  Foreign currency losses for the year
ended December 31, 1993 were $1,382,000, as compared to foreign
currency losses of $1,594,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992.

         The effective tax rate of 16.2% for the year ended
December 31, 1993 reflects the non-taxability of certain insurance
recoveries.  The 1993 rate was also affected by increased
manufacturing in Israel, where the Company's average income tax
rate was approximately 4% in 1993.  The effective tax rate for the
year ended December 31, 1993, exclusive of the effect of the non-
taxable insurance proceeds, was 18.6%.  The effective tax rate for
the year ended December 31, 1992 was 19.8%.

Accounting Changes
- - - ------------------
         Effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method
of accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the
liability method required by FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes".  The cumulative effect of adopting Statement 109
as of January 1, 1993 was to increase net income by $1,427,000. 
Application of the new income tax rules also decreased pretax
earnings by $2,870,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993 because
of increased depreciation expense as a result of Statement 109's
requirement to report assets acquired in prior business
combinations at their pretax amounts.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 17

         The Company also adopted FASB Statement No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions", effective January 1, 1993.  The Company has elected to
recognize the transition obligation on a prospective basis over a
twenty-year period.  In 1993, the new standard resulted in
additional annual net periodic postretirement benefit costs of
$1,200,000 before taxes, and $792,000 after taxes, or $0.04 per
share.  Prior-year financial statements have not been restated to
apply the new standard.

Year ended December 31, 1992 compared to
Year ended December 31, 1991

         Net sales for the year ended December 31, 1992 increased
$221,943,000 over the comparable period of the prior year.  The
increase was the result of the inclusion of the businesses acquired
from STI effective as of January 1, 1992.  Net sales of the
acquired businesses were $230,492,000 for the year ended December
31, 1992.  For the year ended December 31, 1992, net sales,
exclusive of the acquired businesses, decreased by $8,549,000
compared to the same period of the prior year when recessionary
pressures affecting sales were not as great.

         The weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign
currencies resulted in an increase in reported Vishay sales of
$10,418,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992.

         Costs of products sold for the year ended December 31,
1992 were 76.5% of net sales as compared to 71.9% for the
comparable period of the prior year.  The reason for this increase
is that the costs of products sold for the newly purchased
businesses from STI (prior to any synergistic cost reductions) are
80% of net sales, while Vishay's resistor businesses traditionally
operate at levels of 70% to 75%.

         Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31, 1992 were 15.3% of net sales compared to 17.2%
for the comparable period of the prior year.  The 15.3% rate
reflects the effect of the businesses acquired from STI.  The rate
applicable to the businesses acquired from STI (approximately 11%)
includes the effects of initial cost saving programs installed
subsequent to the acquisition.  For the year ended December 31,
1992, selling, general and administrative expenses of the Vishay
resistor business (approximately 17%) were comparable to the levels
experienced in the prior year.

         Interest costs increased by $3,903,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1992 as a result of the increased debt incurred for
the purchase of the businesses from STI.

         Other income for the year ended December 31, 1992 includes
consulting fees of $2,307,000 from Roederstein.  Other income for
the year ended December 31, 1992 also includes fees of approxi-
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 18

mately $3,325,000 from STI under one-year sales and distribution
agreements expiring February 14, 1993, which were entered into in
connection with the acquisition of the businesses from STI.

         The effective tax rate was 19.8% for the year ended
December 31, 1992.  The effective rate is comparable to the rate of
23.3% for 1991.  The 1992 rate was in part affected by increased
manufacturing in Israel where the Company's average income tax rate
was 7% for 1992.  


Year ended December 31, 1991 compared to
Year ended December 31, 1990

         Net sales decreased by $3,313,000 or approximately 1% to
$442,283,000 for the year ended December 31, 1991 from $445,596,000
for the year ended December 31, 1990.  Sales increased in the
United States by 2.7% as a result of acquisitions, which partially
offset the effect of the worldwide recession.  Sales in Western
Europe declined 4.9% compared to the year ended December 31, 1990
as a result of the recession and the strengthening of the dollar
against foreign currencies.  Price increases did not materially
affect sales.

         Costs of products sold increased to $318,166,000 or 71.9%
of sales for the year ended December 31, 1991 from $312,925,000 or
70.2% of sales for the year ended December 31, 1990.  The increase
in costs of products sold as a percentage of sales reflects
increased production costs of relatively flat sales in addition to
certain manufacturing inefficiencies during the latter part of
1991.

         Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased
to $75,973,000 or 17.2% of sales for the year ended December 31,
1991 from $77,740,000 or 17.4% of sales for the year ended December
31, 1990 primarily because of the continuation of cost reduction
programs introduced during 1990.

         Expenses of approximately $3,700,000 for layoff costs at
the Company's European subsidiaries were incurred during the latter
half of 1991.  This correction to the work force was made to
strengthen the subsidiaries' ability to attain earnings goals and
to respond to the current recession.

         Interest expense decreased by $4,219,000 to $15,207,000
for the year ended December 31, 1991 from $19,426,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1990 primarily as a result of payments made on
long-term debt and lower interest rates.

         Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 1991 were
$289,000 compared to income of $2,344,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1990, primarily due to decreases in investment grants
from Israel and interest income.  Investment grants and interest
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 19

income for the year ended December 31, 1991 were $106,000 and
$797,000, respectively, compared to $980,000 and $2,257,000,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 1990.

         The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31,
1991 was 23.3% versus 31.5% for the year ended December 31, 1990. 
The decrease in the effective tax rate resulted from a reduced tax
rate for certain Israeli operations and an increase in the propor-
tion of earnings taxable in Israel.  The lower rate was primarily
due to tax advantages of doing business in Israel where the
Company's effective average tax rate was approximately 10% at that
time.

Financial Condition

         Cash flows from operations were $50,114,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1993 compared to $54,357,000 for the prior year
and were used primarily to finance capital expenditures.  Purchases
of property and equipment were $76,813,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1993 compared to $49,801,000 for the prior year
primarily due to additions of manufacturing equipment for surface
mount products and expansion of manufacturing facilities in Israel.
The Company's financial condition at December 31, 1993 is strong
with the Company's current ratio of 2.1 to 1.  The Company's ratio
of long-term debt to stockholders' equity was .7 to 1 at December
31, 1993 as compared to .4 to 1 at December 31, 1992.  The increase
in this ratio resulted from additional borrowings in connection
with the acquisition of Roederstein.

         In connection with the Roederstein acquisition, Vishay
entered into a DM 104,316,000 term loan agreement with its lending
banks in January 1993.  In addition, an Israeli subsidiary of
Vishay borrowed $20 million pursuant to an unsecured credit
agreement.  The funds from the credit facilities were used in
connection with the Roederstein acquisition and the refinancing of
Roederstein's debt.  Vishay and the Banks also amended certain
terms of the outstanding $170,000,000 Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Agreement dated as of January 10, 1992 among Vishay and the
Banks and the Amended and Restated DM 42,375,000 Revolving Credit
and DM 57,036,000 Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 10, 1992
among Vishay, Draloric and the lending banks in order to, among
other things, allow Vishay to draw upon its revolving credit
facilities to refinance a portion of Roederstein's debt.

         See Note 6 to the Company's Consolidated Financial
Statements elsewhere herein for additional information with respect
to Vishay's loan agreements, long-term debt and available short-
term credit lines.

         Management believes that available sources of credit,
together with cash expected to be generated from operations, will
be sufficient to satisfy the Company's anticipated financing needs
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 20

for working capital and capital expenditures during the next twelve
months. 

Inflation

         Normally, inflation has not had a significant impact on
the Company's operations.  The Company's products are not generally
sold on long-term contracts.  Consequently, selling prices, to the
extent permitted by competition, can be adjusted to reflect cost
increases caused by inflation.


Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
- - - -------  -------------------------------------------

         The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries, together with the report of
independent auditors thereon, are presented under Item 14 of this
report:

         Report of Independent Auditors

         Consolidated Balance Sheets -- December 31, 1993 and 1992.

         Consolidated Statements of Operations -- for the years
ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.

         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -- for the years
ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.

         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity -- for the
years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -- December 31,
1993.


Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
- - - -------  ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
         ------------------------------------------------

         None.
                            PART III
                            --------

         Information with respect to Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 on
Form 10-K is set forth in the Company's definitive proxy statement,
which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 1993, the
Company's most recent fiscal year.  Such information is incor-
porated herein by reference, except that information with respect
to Executive Officers of Registrant is set forth in Part I, Item 4A
hereof under the caption, "Executive Officers of the Registrant".
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 21

                            PART IV
                            -------

Item 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
- - - -------- FORM 8-K
         ------------------------------------------------------

         (a) (1)  All Consolidated Financial Statements of the
                  Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended
                  December 31, 1993 are filed herewith.  See Item
                  8 of this Report for a list of such financial
                  statements.

             (2)  Financial Statement Schedules for Vishay, set
                  forth immediately following this Item 14 are as
                  follows:

                  Schedule V -- Property, Plant and Equipment

                  Schedule VI -- Accumulated Depreciation,
                  Depletion and Amortization of Property, Plant
                  and Equipment

                  Schedule IX -- Short-Term Borrowings

                  Schedule X -- Supplementary Income Statement
                  Information

                  All other schedules for which provision is made
                  in the applicable accounting regulation of the
                  Securities and Exchange Commission are not
                  required under the related instruction or are
                  inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.

             (3)  Exhibits -- See response to paragraph (c) below.

         (b) Reports on Form 8-K

                  None

         (c) Exhibits:

     2.1   Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 14,
           1991, among Sprague Technologies, Inc., Sprague Electric
           Company and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Current Report on Form
           8-K dated November 14, 1991.

     3.1   Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended
           and Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of
           Incorporation of Registrant dated May 18, 1993.
  
     3.2   Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement
           No. 33-13833 of Registrant on Form S-2 under the
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 22

           Securities Act of 1933 (the "Form S-2") and Amendment
           No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant.

     10.1  Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Chief Executive
           Officer of Registrant.

     10.2  Second Amendment dated as of January 29, 1993 to Amended
           and Restated Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. $170,000,000
           Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement by and among
           Comerica Bank, NationsBank of North Carolina, N.A.,
           Signet Bank Maryland, CoreStates Bank, N.A., Bank
           Hapoalim, B.M., Meridian Bank, Bank Leumi le-Israel,
           B.M., Berliner Handels-und Frankfurter Bank and ABN AMRO
           Bank N.V. (collectively, the "Banks"), Comerica Bank, as
           agent for the Banks (the "Agent"), and Vishay
           Intertechnology, Inc. ("Vishay"), dated as of January
           10, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.1)
           to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29,
           1993.

     10.3  Second Amendment dated as of January 29, 1993 to Amended
           and Restated Draloric Electronic GmbH DM 42,375,000
           Revolving Credit and DM 57,036,000 Term Loan Agreement
           by and among the Banks, the Agent and Draloric
           Electronic GmbH ("Draloric"), dated as of January 10,
           1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.2) to
           the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993.

     10.4  Roederstein DM 104,315,990.20 Term Loan Agreement dated
           as of January 29, 1993 by and among the Banks, the
           Agent, Draloric and Vishay.  Incorporated by reference
           to Exhibit (10.3) to the Current Report on Form 8-K,
           dated January 29, 1993.

     10.5  Agreement between First International Bank of Israel and
           Vishay Israel Ltd. dated January 28, 1993.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit (10.4) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993.

     10.6  Amended and Restated Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
           $170,000,000 Revolving, Credit and Term Loan Agreement
           by and among Manufacturers Bank, N.A., NationsBank of
           North Carolina, N.A., Signet Bank Maryland, CoreStates
           Bank, N.A., Bank Hapoalim, B.M., Meridian Bank and Bank
           Leumi le-Israel, B.M. (collectively, the "Prior Banks"),
           the Agent and Vishay, dated as of January 10, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.1) to the
           Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 10, 1992.

     10.7  Amended and Restated Draloric Electronic, GmbH DM
           42,375,000 Revolving Credit and DM 57,036,000 Term Loan
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 23

           Agreement by and among the Prior Banks, the Agent and
           Draloric, dated as of January 10, 1992.  Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit (10.2) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated January 10, 1992.

     10.8  Amended and Restated Guaranty by Vishay to the Banks,
           dated as of January 29, 1993.  Incorporated by reference
           to Exhibit (10.5) to the Current Report on Form 8-K,
           dated January 29, 1993.

     10.9  Amended and Restated Guaranty by Dale Holdings, Inc.,
           Dale Electronics, Inc., Bradford Electronics, Inc., and
           Measurements Group, Inc. to the Banks, dated as of
           January 29, 1993.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           (10.6) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
           29, 1993.

     10.10 Amended and Restated Permitted Borrowers Guaranty by
           Vilna Equities Holding B.V., Visra Electronics
           Financing, B.V., Draloric, E-Sil Components, Ltd.,
           Vishay Components (U.K.) Limited, Sfernice, S.A.,
           Ultronix, Inc., Techno Components Corporation and
           Ohmtek, Inc. to the Banks, dated as of January 29, 1993. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.7) to the
           Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993.

     10.11 Guaranty by Vishay Sprague, Inc., Sprague North Adams,
           Sprague Sanford and Roederstein Electronics, Inc. to the
           Banks, dated January 29, 1993.  Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit (10.8) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated January 29, 1993.

     10.12 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 29, 1989
           between the Company and Societe Generale, New York
           Branch.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
           the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for December
           31, 1989.

     10.13 Option Agreement for the Assets of the Resista Division
           of Roederstein by and among Vishay, Mr. Jorg
           Roederstein, Roederstein Spezialfabriken fur Bauelemente
           der Elektronik und Kondensatoren der Starkstromtechnik
           GmbH ("Roederstein") and Mr. Till Roederstein, dated
           February 18, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
           February 18, 1992.

     10.14 Purchase and Transfer Agreement concerning Shares by and
           among, Mrs. Ute Roederstein, Mrs. Cornelia Bodinka, nee
           Roederstein, Ms. Claudia Roederstein, Mr. Jorg
           Roederstein, Mr. Till Roederstein and Vishay dated
           February 18, 1992. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 24

           10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February
           18, 1992.

     10.15 Notarial Offer for a Purchase and Transfer Agreement
           concerning Shares by Mr. Till Roederstein and Vishay
           Intertechnology, Inc. dated February 18, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current
           Report on Form 8-K, dated February 18, 1992.

     10.16 Fiscal Agency Agreement, dated July 28, 1988, between
           the Company and Citibank, N.A.  Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit (10(i)) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated August 30, 1988.

     10.17 Management Fee Agreement between Dale Holdings, Inc. and
           the Company, dated May 14, 1986.  Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Form S-2.

     10.18 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 1985,
           between the Company and Dr. Felix Zandman.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Form S-2.

     10.19 1986 Employee Stock Plan of the Company.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company's Registration
           Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-7850).

     10.20 1986 Employee Stock Plan of Dale Electronics, Inc. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company's
           Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 33-7851).

     10.21 Money Purchase Plan Agreement of Measurements Group,
           Inc.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)(6) to
           Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement
           on Form S-7 (No. 2-69970).

     10.22 Distributor Agreement between Nytron Inductors and VSD,
           Inc. dated as of January 1, 1991.  Incorporated by
           reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
           for December 31, 1990. 

     10.23 Distribution Sales Agreement between Sprague Electric
           Company and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., dated February
           14, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.1)
           to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14,
           1992.

     10.24 Sales Representation Agreement between Sprague Electric
           Company and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. dated February
           14, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.2)
           to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14,
           1992.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 25

     10.25 Agreement for Transfer of Computer Software License
           Administration Services Agreement between Sprague
           Electric Company and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., dated
           February 14, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           (10.3) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February
           14, 1992.

     10.26 Lease of Concord Facility, dated February 14, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.4) to the
           Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

     10.27 Sublease of Hudson Facility, dated February 14, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.5) to the
           Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

     10.28 Lease of El Paso Property, dated February 14, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.6) to the
           Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

     10.29 Non-Competition Agreement among Sprague Technologies,
           Inc., Sprague Electric Company and Vishay Inter-
           echnology, Inc., dated February 14, 1992.  Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit (10.7) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

     10.30 Agreement between Sprague Technologies, Inc. and Vishay
           Israel, Ltd., dated February 14, 1992.  Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit (10.8) to the Current Report on
           Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

     11.   Statement regarding Computation of Per Share Earnings.

     22.   Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

     23.   Consent of Independent Auditors.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 26

                 Report of Independent Auditors


Board of Directors and Stockholders
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, cash flows, and
stockholders equity for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1993.  Our audits also included the financial
statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14(a).  These
financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the
Companys management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. at December 31,
1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the related
financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the
basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.

As discussed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, in
1993 the Company changed its methods of accounting for income
taxes (Note 5) and postretirement benefits other than pensions
(Note 10).


/s/ ERNST & YOUNG

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
February 10, 1994
except for Note 6, as to which the date is
March 25, 1994

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 27

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

                        Consolidated Balance Sheets

            (In thousands, except per share and share amounts)


                                                December 31    
                                             1993          1992               
                                        -------------------------- 
Assets                                                    
Current assets:                                             
  Cash and cash equivalents                $ 10,931      $ 15,977     
  Accounts receivable, less allowances                      
    of $5,150 and $3,885                    125,284       102,757     
  Inventories:                                              
    Finished goods                           85,783        50,874     
    Raw materials and work in process       138,872        99,901     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                        
    assets                                   33,365        18,192     
                                        -------------------------- 
Total current assets                        394,235       287,701     
     
     
Property and equipment--at cost:                            
  Land                                       33,791        12,917     
  Buildings and improvements                136,432        87,623     
  Machinery and equipment                   398,885       288,527     
                                        -------------------------- 
                                            569,108       389,067     
  Less allowances for depreciation         (149,004)     (117,448)     
                                        -------------------------- 
                                           420,104        271,619     
     
     
     
     
     
Goodwill                                   118,286         74,872     
     
     
     
     
     
Other assets                                15,481         27,451     
                                        -------------------------- 
                                          $948,106       $661,643     
                                        ==========================     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 28









                                                December 31    
                                             1993          1992               
                                        -------------------------- 
Liabilities and stockholders' equity                     
Current liabilities:                                     
  Notes payable to banks                  $ 22,695       $ 18,966 
  Trade accounts payable                    48,404         42,727     
  Payroll and related expenses              28,942         23,124     
  Other accrued expenses                    54,112         25,984     
  Income taxes                               3,740              -     
  Current portion of long-term debt         30,536         31,573     
                                        -------------------------- 
Total current liabilities                  188,429        142,374     
     
Long-term debt--less current portion       266,999        139,540     
Deferred income taxes                       26,080          9,786     
Other liabilities                           24,081          1,021     
Accrued pension costs                       66,014         22,297     
     
Stockholders' equity:                                    
  Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 a share:              
    Authorized--1,000,000 shares; none                     
    issued                                                 
  Common Stock, par value $.10 a share:                  
    Authorized--35,000,000 shares;                         
    17,639,081 and 16,795,234 shares                       
    outstanding after deducting 47,441                     
    and 47,432 shares in treasury            1,763          1,679     
  Class B convertible Common Stock, par                  
    value $.10 a share:  Authorized--                      
    15,000,000 shares; 3,590,232 and                       
    3,419,385 shares outstanding after                     
    deducting 125,965 and 119,967                          
    shares in treasury                         359            342     
  Capital in excess of par value           288,980        253,446     
  Retained earnings                        105,849         97,156     
  Foreign currency translation 
     adjustment                            (13,109)        (5,864)     
  Unearned compensation                        (60)          (134)     
  Pension adjustment                        (7,279)             -   
                                        -------------------------- 
                                           376,503        346,625
                                        -------------------------- 
                                          $948,106       $661,643
                                        ==========================     

See accompanying notes.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 29

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

                   Consolidated Statements of Operations

           (In thousands, except per share and share amounts)


                                         Year ended December 31
                                    1993          1992          1991     
                              ------------------------------------------
Net sales                         $856,272      $664,226      $442,283     
Costs of products sold             663,239       508,018       318,166     
                              ------------------------------------------
Gross profit                       193,033       156,208       124,117     
     
Selling, general, and                   
  administrative expenses          118,906       101,327        75,973     
Restructuring expense                6,659             -         3,700     
Unusual items                       (7,221)            -             -     
                              ------------------------------------------
                                    74,689        54,881        44,444     
     
Other income (expense):                 
  Interest expense                 (20,624)      (19,110)      (15,207)     
  Amortization of goodwill          (3,294)       (2,380)       (1,695)     
  Other                                123         4,533          (289)     
                              ------------------------------------------
                                   (23,795)      (16,957)      (17,191)     
                              ------------------------------------------
Earnings before income taxes            
  and cumulative effect of              
  accounting change                 50,894        37,924       27,253     
Income taxes                         8,246         7,511        6,363     
                              ------------------------------------------
Earnings before cumulative              
  effect of accounting change       42,648        30,413       20,890     
Cumulative effect of accounting         
  change for income taxes            1,427             -             -     
                              ------------------------------------------
Net earnings                       $44,075       $30,413       $20,890     
                              ==========================================
Earnings per share:                     
  Before cumulative effect of           
   accounting change                 $2.01         $1.71         $1.25     
  Accounting change for income          
   taxes                              0.07             -             -     
                              ------------------------------------------
  Net earnings                       $2.08         $1.71         $1.25     
                              ==========================================
Weighted average shares                 
  outstanding                   21,228,000    19,366,000    16,649,000     
                              ==========================================
See accompanying notes.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 30

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                               (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Year ended December 31
                                                   1993        1992       1991        
                                                ---------------------------------     
<S>                                              <C>         <C>         <C>
Operating activities                                      
Net earnings                                     $44,075     $30,413     $20,890   
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net              
   cash provided by operating activities:                 
   Depreciation and amortization                  48,578      36,062      27,056     
   Interest accrued on Convertible Subordinated           
     Debentures in excess of coupon rate               -       2,190       2,812     
   Cumulative effect of accounting change         (1,427)           -          -     
   Other                                             530       5,133        (170)     
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:           
     Accounts receivable                           2,804      (7,774)      6,912     
     Inventories                                 (22,780)     (6,164)     (7,949)     
     Prepaid expenses and other                           
       current assets                                182      (3,647)      1,644     
     Accounts payable                             (7,768)      1,650      (2,726)     
     Other current liabilities                   (14,080)     (3,506)     (2,646)     
                                                ---------------------------------     
Net cash provided by operating activities         50,114      54,357      45,823     
     
Investing activities                                      
Purchases of property and equipment              (76,813)    (49,801)    (26,660)     
Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired     (12,967)   (131,479)     (6,754)     
Investment in and advances to Roederstein              -     (20,147)          -     
Cash provided by changes in short-term                    
   investments                                         -         176          43     
                                                ---------------------------------     
Net cash used in investing activities            (89,780)   (201,251)    (33,371)     
     
Financing activities                                      
Proceeds from revolving line of credit and                
   long-term borrowings                          265,274     403,970      79,483     
Principal payments on revolving line of                   
   credit and long-term debt                    (235,124)   (327,797)    (88,906)     
Cash provided by (used in) net changes in                 
   short-term borrowings                           4,873      13,791      (4,689)     
Proceeds from sale of common stock                     -      59,133           -     
                                                ---------------------------------     
Net cash provided by (used in) financing 
   activities                                     35,023     149,097     (14,112)     
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash             (403)       (470)       (165)     
                                                ---------------------------------     
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents  (5,046)      1,733      (1,825)     
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year    15,977      14,244      16,069
                                                ---------------------------------     
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year         $10,931     $15,977     $14,244          
                                                =================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 31

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

              Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

                   (In thousands, except share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Year ended December 31
                                                   1993        1992        1991     
                                              ------------------------------------     
<S>                                               <C>         <C>         <C>
Common Stock:                                             
   Beginning balance                              $1,679      $1,165      $1,105     
    Shares issued (3,775; 1,816,016; and 
     20,469 shares)                                    -         182           2     
    Stock dividends (839,952; 583,748; and                 
     554,015 shares)                                  84          58          55     
    Conversion of subordinated debentures                  
     (2,536,783 shares)                                -         254           -     
    Conversions from Class B (120; 200,658;                
     and 25,752 shares)                                -          20           3     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                  1,763       1,679       1,165     
     
Class B convertible Common Stock:                         
   Beginning balance                                 342         345         331     
    Stock dividends (170,967; 172,383; and                 
     165,398 shares)                                  17          17          17     
    Conversions to Common (120; 200,658;                   
     and 25,752 shares)                                -         (20)         (3)     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                    359         342         345     
     
Capital in excess of par value:                           
   Beginning balance                             253,446     115,398     101,173     
    Shares issued                                    123      59,162         382     
    Conversion of subordinated debentures              -      60,312           -     
    Stock dividends                               35,281      18,548      13,777     
    Tax effects relating to stock plan               130          26          66     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                288,980     253,446     115,398     
     
Retained earnings:                                        
   Beginning balance                              97,156      85,366      78,325     
    Net earnings                                  44,075      30,413      20,890     
    Stock dividends                              (35,382)    (18,623)    (13,849)     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                105,849      97,156      85,366     
     
Foreign currency translation adjustment:                  
   Beginning balance                              (5,864)       (347)     (2,084)     
    Translation adjustment for the year           (7,245)     (5,517)      1,737     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                (13,109)     (5,864)       (347)     
     
Unearned compensation:                                    
   Beginning balance                                (134)       (561)     (1,011)     
    Shares issued under stock plans (3,775;
     16,016; and 20,469 shares)                     (123)       (208)       (382)     
    Amounts expensed during the year                 197         635         832     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                    (60)       (134)       (561)     
     
Pension adjustment:                                       
   Beginning balance                                   -           -           -     
    Pension adjustment for the year               (7,279)          -           -     
                                              ------------------------------------     
   Ending balance                                 (7,279)          -           -
                                              ------------------------------------     
Total stockholders' equity                      $376,503    $346,625    $201,366     
                                              ====================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 32

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                             December 31, 1993


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. include
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, after elimination of all
significant intercompany transactions, accounts, and profits.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined by the first-in,
first-out method, or market.

Depreciation

Depreciation is computed principally by the straight-line method based upon the
estimated useful lives of the assets.  Depreciation of capital lease assets is
included in total depreciation expense.  Depreciation expense was $43,493,000,
$30,995,000, and $23,706,000 for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and
1991, respectively.

Goodwill

Goodwill, representing the excess of purchase price over net assets of
businesses acquired, is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years. 
Accumulated amortization amounted to $10,945,000 and $7,679,000 at December 31,
1993 and 1992, respectively.

Cash Equivalents

For purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, the Company considers demand
deposits and all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or
less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Research and Development Expenses

The amount charged to expense aggregated $7,097,000, $7,149,000, and $6,967,000
for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.  The
Company spends additional amounts for the development of machinery and
equipment for new processes and for cost reduction measures.

Grants

Grants received from governments by certain foreign subsidiaries are recognized
as income when conditions for receipt are met.  In 1993, grants of $3,424,000
received from the government of Israel, which were utilized to offset startup
costs of new facilities, were recognized as a reduction of costs of products
sold.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 33

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Earnings Per Share

Earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares and
dilutive common equivalent shares (from the assumed conversion of convertible
subordinated debentures) outstanding during the period.  In October 1992, the
convertible subordinated debentures were converted into 2,536,783 shares of
Common Stock.  For the year ended December 31, 1992, where assumed conversion
of the debentures has a dilutive effect, net earnings used in the computations
are adjusted for interest expense, net of income taxes, on the convertible
subordinated debentures.  Earnings per share amounts for all periods presented
reflect 5% stock dividends paid on June 11, 1993, June 16, 1992, and June 11,
1991.  Earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992
reflect the weighted effect of the issuance of 1,800,000 shares of Common Stock
on December 24, 1992.

Accounting Changes

In 1993, the Company changed its methods of accounting for income taxes (Note
5) and postretirement benefits other than pensions (Note 10).

Reclassifications

Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current
presentation.

2.  Acquisitions

During January 1993, Vishay exercised its option to purchase the remaining 81%
of the outstanding share capital of Roederstein GmbH, a passive electronic
components manufacturer with headquarters in Germany for 4,050,000 Deutsche
Marks ("DM") ($2,502,000) pursuant to an option agreement dated February 18,
1992.  Vishay had acquired its initial 19% interest in Roederstein on February
18, 1992 for DM 950,000 ($577,000).  In connection with the acquisition, Vishay
refinanced all of Roederstein's existing bank debt of DM 160,381,000
($99,062,000).  Funds to refinance Roederstein's debt were provided by a DM
104,316,000 term loan with a group of banks, $20,000,000 borrowed under an
unsecured credit agreement, and borrowings under an existing line of credit.

Effective January 1, 1992, the Company acquired the worldwide tantalum
capacitor and U.S. thick film resistor network businesses of Sprague
Technologies, Inc.  Under the terms of the purchase agreement, Vishay paid
$127,000,000 cash, transferred to Sprague real property with a fair value of
$4,771,000, and assumed certain liabilities relating to the businesses.  Vishay
also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the seller, including
one-year sales and distribution agreements under which Vishay received fees of
$3,325,000 during 1992, which are included in other income.  The purchase price
was funded primarily from a $125,000,000 term loan facility.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 34

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


2.  Acquisitions (continued)

The acquisitions have been accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting.  The operating results of Roederstein and Sprague have been
included in the Company's consolidated results of operations from January 1,
1993 and January 1, 1992, respectively.  Excess of cost over the fair value of
net assets acquired (Roederstein--$45,210,000; Sprague--$19,534,000) is being
amortized on a straight-line basis over forty years.

Had the Roederstein and Sprague acquisitions been made at the beginning of the
year prior to their acquisition, the Company's pro forma unaudited results
would have been (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                    Year ended December 31
                                                       1992          1991
                                                   -------------------------
Net sales                                           $913,398       $679,183
Net earnings (loss)                                  (22,992)        20,591
Earnings (loss) per share                             $(1.19)         $1.24

The unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results
that would have been attained had the acquisitions occurred at the beginning of
the periods presented or of results which may occur in the future.  Pro forma
net earnings for 1992 reflect $31,860,000 of restructuring costs incurred 
by Roederstein for work force reductions.

During 1992, Vishay provided Roederstein with management and sales support,
short-term working capital advances, and assistance in renegotiating
Roederstein's bank debt.  Vishay also assisted Roederstein in developing a
cost-savings program involving reductions in the Roederstein work force,
including the closing of an unprofitable division.  Vishay recognized
consulting fees, which are included in other income, from Roederstein of
$2,307,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992 for its assistance to
Roederstein.  As of December 31, 1992, Vishay had investments in Roederstein of
$3,229,000, advances to Roederstein, included in other assets, of $16,918,000,
accounts receivable and other current receivables from Roederstein of
$5,166,000, and accounts payable to Roederstein of $1,158,000.

The Company made several minor acquisitions in 1993 and 1991, all of which were
accounted for under the purchase method.  The results of operations of these
businesses have been included in the consolidated results of the Company from
the dates of acquisition.

3.  Restructuring Expense and Unusual Items 

Restructuring expenses of $6,659,000 for 1993 related to the downsizing of some
of the Company's European operations.  Income from unusual items of $7,221,000
for 1993 represents insurance recoveries the Company has received for business
interruption insurance claims.

The Company incurred restructuring costs of $3,700,000 in 1991 relating
primarily to costs associated with layoffs in France.  
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 35

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


4.  Foreign Subsidiaries

The following amounts relating to foreign subsidiaries are included in the
consolidated financial statements (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             As of and for the year ended December 31
                                                  1993        1992           1991
                                             ----------------------------------------     
<S>                                             <C>         <C>            <C>
Current assets                                  $239,371    $141,334       $113,515     
Current liabilities                              135,003      81,532         50,288     
Net property and equipment                       258,279     127,740         93,708     
Parent company equity in net assets                       
   (including intercompany accounts)             199,955     161,529        119,097     
Sales to customers                               429,578     258,226        200,475     
Earnings after eliminating intercompany                   
   earnings and expenses                          23,620      12,490          7,333     
</TABLE>

5.  Income Taxes

Effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for
income taxes from the deferred method to the liability method required by FASB
Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  As permitted under the new
rules, prior years' financial statements have not been restated.

The cumulative effect of adopting Statement 109 as of January 1, 1993 was to
increase net earnings by $1,427,000, or $.07 per share.  For the year ended
December 31, 1993, application of the new income tax rules decreased pretax
income by $2,870,000 because of increased depreciation expense as a result of
Statement 109's requirement to report assets acquired in prior business
combinations at their pretax amounts.

At December 31, 1993, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for tax
purposes of approximately $96,300,000 in Germany (no expiration date),
$3,100,000 in France (expire December 31, 1998), and $1,800,000 in Portugal
(expire December 31, 1997).  Approximately $70,800,000 of the carryforward in
Germany, and the full $1,800,000 in Portugal, resulted from the Company's
acquisition of Roederstein.  For financial reporting purposes, a valuation
allowance of $34,862,000 has been recognized to offset deferred tax assets
related to German net operating loss carryforwards.  If tax benefits are
recognized in the future through reductions of the valuation allowance, such
amounts will reduce goodwill of acquired companies. The valuation allowance
decreased from January 1, 1993 by $6,584,000 primarily due to a decrease
in German tax rates which had the effect of reducing the deferred tax
asset for German net operating loss carryforwards.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 36

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


5.  Income Taxes (continued)

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.  Significant components
of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31, 1993
are as follows (in thousands):

Deferred tax liabilities:                               
   Tax over book depreciation                        $57,401  
   Other--net                                          2,685  
                                                    ---------  
Total deferred tax liabilities                        60,086  
                                                    ---------  
Deferred tax assets:                                    
   Pension and other retiree obligations              20,179  
   Net operating loss carryforwards                   38,773  
   Restructuring reserves                              7,354  
   Other accruals and reserves                        12,300  
                                                    ---------  
Total deferred tax assets                             78,606  
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets       (34,862)  
                                                    ---------  
Net deferred tax assets                               43,744
                                                    ---------  
Net deferred tax liabilities                         $16,342  
                                                    =========
For financial reporting purposes, earnings before income taxes and cumulative
effect of accounting change includes the following components (in thousands):

                                          Year ended December 31
                                       1993        1992       1991     
                                   ----------------------------------
Pretax income:                                       
   Domestic                          $13,136     $10,252     $8,519     
   Foreign                            37,758      27,672     18,734
                                   ----------------------------------
                                     $50,894     $37,924    $27,253     
                                   ==================================
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 37

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


5.  Income Taxes (continued)

Significant components of income taxes attributable to continuing operations
are as follows (in thousands):

                                  Liability          
                                   Method      Deferred Method
                                 --------------------------------
                                       Year ended December 31
                                    1993        1992      1991     
                                 --------------------------------
Current:                                                  
   U.S. Federal                    $3,032      $1,639    $3,558     
   Foreign                          2,706       2,521     1,706     
   State                              332         502       675     
                                 --------------------------------
                                    6,070       4,662     5,939     
Deferred:                                                 
   U.S. Federal                     1,960       1,760       103     
   Foreign                             36         832       312     
   State                              180         257         9     
                                 --------------------------------
                                    2,176       2,849       424          
                                 --------------------------------
                                   $8,246      $7,511    $6,363          
                                 ================================

For the year ended December 31, 1992, deferred income taxes resulted from
accelerated methods of depreciation used for tax purposes ($2,494,000) and
restructuring reserves ($2,012,000).  These amounts were partially offset by
differences relating to inventory valuation methods ($900,000) and other items
($757,000).  For the year ended December 31, 1991, deferred taxes resulted
principally from use of accelerated methods of depreciation for tax purposes.

A reconciliation of income tax at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to
actual income tax expense is as follows (in thousands):

                                  Liability          
                                   Method      Deferred Method
                                 --------------------------------
                                       Year ended December 31
                                    1993        1992      1991     
                                 --------------------------------
Tax at statutory rate             $17,304     $12,894    $9,266     
State income taxes, net of
  federal tax                         396         501       452     
Effect of foreign income
  tax rates                       (10,532)     (5,649)   (5,166)     
Effect of purchase accounting
   adjustments                        717         939     1,291     
Other                                 361      (1,174)      520     
                                 --------------------------------
                                   $8,246      $7,511    $6,363
                                 ================================
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 38

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


5.  Income Taxes (continued)

At December 31, 1993, no provision has been made for U.S. income taxes on
approximately $169,678,000 of foreign earnings which are expected to be
reinvested indefinitely.

Income taxes paid were $6,933,000, $5,729,000 and $8,418,000 for the years
ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.

6.  Long-Term Debt

Long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                                     December 31
                                                   1993       1992          
                                              ------------------------
Revolving Credit Loan                            $51,500      $7,500          
Term Loan                                        102,500     117,500          
Deutsche Mark Revolving Credit Loan               23,035      10,500          
Deutsche Mark Term Loan                           10,948      23,486          
Deutsche Mark Term Loan II                        60,073           -          
Unsecured Credit Agreements                       38,638           -          
Industrial Development Revenue Bonds                 578       2,581          
French Industrial Bonds                            3,147       1,952          
Other Debt and Capital Lease Obligations           7,116       7,594          
                                              ------------------------
                                                 297,535     171,113
Less current portion                              30,536      31,573
                                              ------------------------
                                                $266,999    $139,540          
                                              ========================
As of December 31, 1993, five facilities were available under the Company's
amended and restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan and Deutsche Mark Revolving
Credit and Term Loan agreements with a group of banks; a multicurrency
revolving credit loan (interest 4.25% at December 31, 1993), a U.S. term loan
(interest 4.44% at December 31, 1993), a Deutsche Mark revolving credit loan
(interest 7.50% at December 31, 1993), a Deutsche Mark term loan (interest
7.69% at December 31, 1993), and an additional Deutsche Mark term loan
(interest 8.25% at December 31, 1993).

During March 1994, the Company's bank group agreed to amend the Revolving
Credit and Term Loan and Deutsche Mark Revolving Credit and Term Loan
agreements in effect at December 31, 1993.  The terms of the five facilities,
as agreed in March 1994, are summarized below.  The first facility is a 
$90,000,000 multicurrency revolving credit facility which is available to the 
Company on a revolving basis until December 31, 1996, at which time the Company
may elect a term out option, with quarterly payments due beginning March 31, 
1997 through December 31, 2000.  Interest is payable at prime or at other 
interest rate options.  The Company is required to pay a commitment fee equal
to 3/8% per annum on the average unused line.  The second facility is a 
$102,500,000 term loan, with interest payable at prime plus 1/8% or at other
interest rate options.  Principal payments are due as follows: 1994 --
$5,000,000; 1995--$10,000,000; 1996--$10,000,000; 
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 39
 
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


6.  Long-Term Debt (continued)

1997--$15,000,000; 1998--$20,000,000; 1999--$20,000,000; 2000--$22,500,000. 
Additional principal payments may be required based on excess cash flow as
defined in the agreement.  The loan agreements also provide a German subsidiary
of the Company with three Deutsche Mark ("DM") facilities.  The first DM
facility is a DM 40,000,000 ($23,035,000) revolving credit facility which is
available until December 31, 1996, at which time the Company may elect a term 
out option, with quarterly payments due beginning March 31, 1997 through 
December 31, 2000. Interest is based on DM market rates plus 15/16%.  The 
Company is required to pay a commitment fee equal to 3/8% per annum on the 
average unused line.  The second DM facility is a DM 19,012,000 ($10,948,000)
term loan.  Principal of DM 4,753,000 ($2,737,000) and interest at DM market 
rates plus 1-1/8% is due quarterly with final payment on December 31, 1994.  
The third DM facility is a DM 104,316,000 ($60,073,000) term loan.  
Interest is based on DM market rates plus 1-11/16%.  Principal
payments of DM 18,700,000, 34,100,000, 37,000,000, and 14,516,000 ($10,769,000,
$19,637,000, $21,307,000, and $8,360,000) are due on or before December 31,
1994, 1995, 1996, and 1997, respectively.  Additional principal payments may be
required based on excess cash flow as defined in the agreement.

Under the loan agreements, the Company is restricted from paying cash dividends
and must comply with other covenants, including the maintenance of specific
ratios.  The Company is in compliance with the restrictions and limitations
under the terms of loan agreements, as amended.  All of the Company's U.S.
assets and the stock of certain foreign subsidiaries are pledged as collateral
under loan agreements.

Borrowings under a $20,000,000 unsecured credit agreement with First 
International Bank of Israel are at LIBOR plus 1-1/8% (4.25% at December 31,
1993).  Principal payments of $5,000,000, $6,666,666, and $8,333,334 are due
on or before December 31, 1997, 1998, and 1999, respectively.  Other unsecured
borrowings are at various interest rates ranging from 3.9% to 7.2%.

The industrial development revenue bonds are at various interest rates ranging
from 8% to 12% and mature at various dates from 1996 through 1999.  The French
industrial bonds are payable in French francs and bear interest at rates
ranging from zero to 10% and require periodic payments through 2004.

Aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt, as revised to reflect the
agreement reached with the Company's bank group in March 1994 
and excluding payments which may be required based on excess cash flow, are as
follows:  1994--$30,536,000; 1995--$32,132,000; 1996--$41,729,000;
1997--$50,393,000; 1998--$48,305,000; thereafter--$94,440,000.

The Company has short-term credit lines with various banks aggregating
$64,667,000, of which $29,030,000 was unused at December 31, 1993.

Interest paid was $20,587,000, $16,496,000, and $12,775,000 for the years ended
December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 40

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


7.  Stockholders' Equity

The Company's Class B Stock carries ten votes per share while the Common Stock
carries one vote per share.  Class B shares are transferable only to certain
permitted transferees while the Common Stock is freely transferable.  Class B
shares are convertible on a one-for-one basis at any time to Common Stock.

Unearned compensation relating to Common Stock issued under employee stock
plans is being amortized over a 36-month period.  132,153 shares are available
for issuance under stock plans at December 31, 1993.

8.  Other Income

Other income (expense) consists of the following (in thousands):

                                             Year ended December 31
                                          1993        1992        1991
                                    ---------------------------------------
Foreign exchange gains (losses)        $(1,382)    $(1,594)        $41     
Investment income                          722       1,565         797     
Sales and distribution fees from                                 
   Sprague Technologies, Inc.                -       3,325           -    
Roederstein consulting fees                  -       2,307           -    
Other                                      783      (1,070)     (1,127)
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                          $123      $4,533       $(289)
                                   =======================================

9.  Employee Retirement Plans

Two U.S. subsidiaries of Vishay, Dale Electronics, Inc. and Sprague North 
Adams, Inc., which was acquired effective January 1, 1992, maintain defined 
benefit pension plans (the "Plans").  Substantially all full-time employees of
Dale and hourly employees of Sprague's North Adams facility are eligible to 
participate. The benefits under the Dale Plan are based on the employees' 
compensation during all years of participation.  The benefits under the 
Sprague Plan are based on number of years of credited service.

The Plans are tax qualified subject to the minimum funding requirements of
ERISA.  Employees participating in the Dale Plan are required to contribute an
amount based on annual earnings.  The Company's funding policy is to contribute
annually amounts that satisfy the funding standard account requirements of
ERISA.  The assets of the Dale Plan are invested primarily in guaranteed 
investment contracts issued by an insurance company and mutual funds.
The assets of the Sprague Plan are invested primarily in fixed income 
securities and common stock.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 41

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


9.  Employee Retirement Plans (continued)

Net pension cost for the Plans included the following components (in
thousands): 
<TABLE>
<CAPTIOM>
                                                      Year ended December 31
                                                    1993        1992      1991     
                                               ---------------------------------     
<S>                                               <C>         <C>       <C>
Annual service cost--benefits                                       
   earned for the period                          $2,233      $2,101    $2,061     
Less:  Employee contributions                      1,157       1,067     1,096     
                                               ---------------------------------     
Net service cost                                   1,076       1,034       965     
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation      4,732       4,206     2,599     
Actual return on Plan assets                      (5,270)     (4,611)   (2,529)     
Net amortization and deferral                        655         648       337
                                               ---------------------------------     
Net pension cost                                  $1,193      $1,277    $1,372     
                                               =================================
</TABLE>
The expected long-term rate of return on assets was 9.5%.

The following table sets forth the funded status of the Plans and amounts
recognized in the Company's financial statements (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                December 31
                                                               1993     1992 
                                                           --------------------     
<S>                                                          <C>       <C>
Accumulated benefit obligation, including vested benefits                     
   of $61,671 and $54,329                                    $62,448   $55,138     
                                                           ====================
Actuarial present value of projected benefit obligations    $(67,077) $(59,144)  
Plan assets at fair value                                     56,262    53,468     
                                                           --------------------     
Projected benefit obligations in excess of Plan assets       (10,815)   (5,676)     
Unrecognized (gain) loss from past experience different from                  
   that assumed and effects of changes in assumptions          5,085      (450)     
Unrecognized prior service cost                                1,300     1,534     
Unrecognized net obligation at transition date, being               
   recognized over 15 years                                      575       685
                                                           --------------------     
                                                              (3,855)   (3,907)
Estimated tax effects of purchase                                   
   accounting adjustment                                           -     1,169     
                                                           --------------------     
Accrued pension liability                                    $(3,855)  $(2,738)     
                                                           ====================
</TABLE>
The following assumptions have been used in the actuarial determinations of the
Plans:
                                                    1993      1992          
                                                  --------------------
Discount rate                                       7.5%   8.0%-8.5%          
Rate of increase in compensation levels             4.5%        4.5%          
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 42

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


9.  Employee Retirement Plans (continued)

The Company's U.S. subsidiary, Measurements Group, Inc., maintains a defined
contribution pension plan covering substantially all full-time employees. 
Contributions are made based on participants' compensation.  Costs for this
plan were $530,000, $512,000, and $485,000 for the years ended December 31,
1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.  In addition, many of the Company's U.S.
employees are eligible to participate in 401(k) Savings Plans, some of which
provide for Company matching under various formulas.  The Company's matching
expense for the plans was $1,996,000, $1,894,000, and $1,170,000 for the years
ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.

The Company provides pension and similar benefits to employees of certain
foreign subsidiaries consistent with local practices.  German subsidiaries of
the Company (including Roederstein, which was acquired in January 1993) have
noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering management and
employees.  Pension benefits are based on years of service.  Net pension cost
for the German Plans included the following components (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Year ended December 31
                                                    1993        1992      1991     
                                               ---------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>       <C>
Annual service cost--benefits earned for the 
   period                                           $682        $122      $151     
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation      4,521         757       681     
Actual return on plan assets                        (796)          -         -    
Net amortization and deferral                        (86)        (99)      186
                                               ---------------------------------
Net pension cost                                  $4,321        $780    $1,018     
                                               =================================
</TABLE>

The following table sets forth the funded status of the German Plans and
amounts recognized in the Company's financial statements (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 December 31
                                                                1993      1992     
                                                         --------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>        <C>
Accumulated benefit obligation, including vested                    
   benefits of $60,326 and $12,564                           $63,002    $12,720     
                                                         ==========================
Actuarial present value of projected benefit obligations    $(63,218)  $(13,080)     
Plan assets at fair value                                     11,540          -    
                                                         --------------------------
Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets        (51,678)   (13,080)     
Unrecognized loss                                              6,810         57     
Unrecognized prior service cost                                  391          -     
Unrecognized net asset at transition date, being                    
   recognized over 15 years                                      (37)       (44)     
Additional minimum liability, recognized as a                       
   reduction of stockholders' equity                          (7,279)         -
                                                         --------------------------
Accrued pension liability                                   $(51,793)  $(13,067)
                                                         ==========================
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 43

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


9.  Employee Retirement Plans (continued)

The following assumptions have been used in the actuarial determinations of the
German Plans:
                                                       December 31          
                                                    1993        1992          
                                                ------------------------
Discount rate                                       7.0%        6.0%          
Rate of increase in compensation levels             3.0%        4.0%          

10.  Postretirement Medical Benefits

The Company pays limited health care premiums for certain eligible retired U.S.
employees.  Prior to 1993, the cost of these benefits, which was not
significant, was charged to expense when the benefits were paid.

Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted FASB Statement
No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions."  Under this new standard, the Company recognizes the cost of
postretirement benefits over the active service period of its employees.  The
Company elected to recognize the transition obligation, which represents the
previously unrecognized prior service cost, on a prospective basis over a
twenty-year period.  In 1993, the new standard resulted in additional annual
net periodic postretirement benefit cost of $1,200,000 before taxes and
$792,000 after taxes, or $0.04 per share.  Prior-year financial statements have
not been restated to apply the new standard.

Net postretirement benefit cost for the year ended December 31, 1993 included
the following components (in thousands):

    Service cost                             $   351
    Interest cost                                713
    Net amortization and deferral                424
                                             -------
    Net postretirement benefit cost          $ 1,488
                                             =======

The cost information does not include the effects of Plan amendments made at
the end of 1993, which are expected to reduce future costs. Cash payments
for these benefits were $288,000 for 1993.  The Company continues to fund 
postretirement medical benefits on a pay-as-you-go basis.

The status of the plan and amounts recognized in the Company's consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 1993 were as follows (in thousands):

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:          
   Retirees                                      $(2,234)            
   Actives eligible to retire                       (956)            
   Other actives                                  (3,028)            
                                               ------------            
Total                                             (6,218)            
Unrecognized loss                                    955            
Unrecognized transition obligation                 4,063
                                               ------------            
Accrued postretirement benefit liability         $(1,200)            
                                               ============
The accumulated postretirement benefit obligation reflects Plan amendments
made at the end of 1993 which capped employer contributions for each
participant at the 1993 dollar amounts. The discount rate used in the 
calculation was 7.5%.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 44

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


11.  Leases

Total rental expense under operating leases was $7,528,000, $9,577,000, and
$4,435,000 for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.

Future minimum lease payments for operating leases with initial or remaining
noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year are as follows:  1994--
$5,694,000; 1995--$4,226,000; 1996--$3,582,000; 1997--$2,947,000; 1998--
$2,602,000; thereafter--$7,492,000

12.  Financial Instruments

Financial instruments with potential credit risk consist principally of
accounts receivable.  Concentrations of credit risk with respect to receivables
are limited due to the Company's large number of customers and their dispersion
across many countries and industries.  At December 31, 1993 and 1992, the
Company had no significant concentrations of credit risk.  The amounts reported
in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents and for short-term and
long-term debt approximate fair value.

13.  Segment and Geographic Information

Vishay operates in one line of business--the manufacture of electronic
components.  Information about the Company's operations in different geographic
areas is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             United States    Europe    Israel     Other    Elimination   Consolidated     
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>             <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>
Year ended
December 31, 1993                                         
- - - -----------------                                      
Net sales to unaffiliated                                 
   customers                   $426,695*    $407,527    $ 3,923   $18,127     $       -     $856,272               
Net sales between                                                           
   geographic areas              13,245       33,548     67,939         -      (114,732)           -    
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Total net sales                $439,940     $441,075    $71,862   $18,127     $(114,732)    $856,272               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      
Operating profit                $31,302     $ 11,932    $33,467   $ 3,100                    $79,801   
                          ===============================================================================
                                     
Identifiable assets            $375,456     $470,434    $85,634   $16,582                   $948,106               
                          ===============================================================================
</TABLE>
                                      
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 45

Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
 

13.  Segment and Geographic Information (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             United States    Europe    Israel     Other    Elimination   Consolidated     
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>             <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>
Year ended
December 31, 1992
- - - -----------------
Net sales to unaffiliated                                 
   customers                   $395,249*    $251,195    $ 3,762   $14,020     $       -     $664,226               
Net sales between 
   geographic areas              14,070       15,232     50,341         -       (79,643)           -    
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Total net sales                $409,319     $266,427    $54,103   $14,020      $(79,643)    $664,226               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      
Operating profit                $31,964      $11,765    $19,724      $429                    $63,882               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      
Identifiable assets            $346,938     $252,829    $47,658   $14,218                   $661,643               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      

Year ended
December 31, 1991
- - - -----------------
Net sales to unaffiliated                                 
   customers                   $241,792*    $192,317    $ 3,070   $ 5,104     $       -     $442,283               
Net sales between 
   geographic  areas            15,163         6,900     42,780         -       (64,843)           -
                          ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Total net sales               $256,955      $199,217    $45,850   $ 5,104      $(64,843)    $442,283               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      
Operating profit               $26,107       $10,091    $11,575      $309                    $48,082               
                          ===============================================================================
                                      
Identifiable assets           $208,104      $188,966    $44,672    $7,029                   $448,771
                          ===============================================================================
</TABLE>

*  Includes export sales of $78,793, $63,606, and $34,282 for the years ended
   December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.

Sales between geographic areas are priced to result in operating profit which
approximates that earned on sales to unaffiliated customers.  Operating profit
is total revenue less operating expenses.  In computing operating profit,
general corporate expenses, interest expense, and income taxes were not
deducted.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 46

                 Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

       Notes to Consolidated Financial  Statements  (continued)


14. Summary of Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

Quarterly financial information for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992
is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        (In thousands, except per share amounts)
                         First Quarter        Second Quarter        Third Quarter        Fourth Quarter         Total Year
                      ------------------    -----------------    -------------------   ------------------    ------------------
                        1993      1992        1993      1992        1993     1992        1993     1992        1993      1992
                        ----      ----        ----      ----        ----     ----        ----     ----        ----      ----
<S>                   <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>
Net sales             $227,500  $173,270    $224,653  $168,494    $200,201  $164,879   $203,918  $157,583    $856,272  $664,226

Gross profit            49,934    41,389      50,200    40,228      43,410    37,096     49,489    37,495     193,033   156,208

Earnings before
   cumulative
   effect of
   accounting
   change for
   income taxes         11,038     7,095      12,082     8,515      10,696     7,408      8,832     7,395      42,648    30,413

Net earnings            12,465(1)  7,095      12,082     8,515      10.696     7,408      8,832     7,395      44,075    30,413

Earnings per
   share (2):
       Before
          cumulative
          effect of
          accounting
          change          $.52      $.41        $.57      $.49        $.50      $.43       $.42      $.38       $2.01     $1.71

       Net earnings       $.59(1)   $.41        $.57      $.49        $.50      $.43       $.42      $.38       $2.08     $1.71
</TABLE>
    (1)  Included in net earnngs for the first quarter of 1993 is a one-time
         tax benefit of $1,427 or $.07 per share resulting from the adoption
         of FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".

    (2)  Adjusted to  give  retroactive  effect  to  5%   stock  dividends  in
         June   1993   and   June   1992.   Fourth   quarter  1992   earnings
         reflect the  difference between the Company's actual effective income
         tax rate of 19.8% and the estimated effective rate of 23.1% used
         through the third quarter.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 47

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.            
                                                       
                Schedule V -- Property, Plant, and Equipment               
                             (In thousands)                                  
                                                       
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       
              COL. A                      COL. B     COL. C       COL. D          COL. E        COL. F         
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                              Other Changes--
                                        Balance at  Additions                       Add        Balance
                                        Beginning      at                        (Deduct)--   at End of
           DESCRIPTION                  of Period     Cost       Retirements      Describe     Period
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     <S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
     Year ended December 31, 1993:                               
          Land                           $12,917     $22,764       $   413       ($1,477)     $ 33,791        
          Buildings and improvements      87,623      48,710         1,626         1,725       136,432        
          Machinery and equipment        288,527     118,150         9,575         1,783       398,885        
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $389,067    $189,624(3)    $11,614        $2,031 (1)  $569,108       
                                     ===================================================================
                                                       
                                                       
     Year ended December 31, 1992:                               
          Land                          $ 11,630    $  3,000       $ 1,175         ($538)(4)  $ 12,917          
          Buildings and improvements      69,563      24,205         4,741        (1,404)(4)    87,623         
          Machinery and equipment        186,512     116,937         6,530        (8,392)(4)   288,527        
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $267,705    $144,142(2)    $12,446(2)   ($10,334)     $389,067       
                                     ===================================================================
                                                       
                                                       
     Year ended December 31, 1991:                               
          Land                          $ 11,696    $      2       $     0          ($68)(4)   $11,630   
          Buildings and improvements      65,344       5,173           403          (551)(4)    69,563           
          Machinery and equipment        164,414      25,845         3,573          (174)(4)   186,512          
                                     -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $241,454    $ 31,020       $ 3,976         ($793)     $267,705       
                                     ===================================================================
</TABLE>
                                                       
(1) $18,406 recorded for the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
    Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". Statement 109 requires
    assets acquired in prior business combinations to be reported at their
    pretax amounts. Offset principally by foreign currency translation
    adjustments.   

(2) $93,022 of the additions and $5,798 of the retirements relate to the
    Sprague acquisition.                              

(3) $109,961 of the additions relate to the Roederstein acquisition.

(4) Principally foreign currency translation adjustments.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 48

                                   Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.            
                                                  
                 Schedule VI -- Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion, and     
                     Amortization of Property, Plant, and Equipment      
                                     (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       
              COL. A                      COL. B     COL. C       COL. D     COL. E        COL. F         
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     Additions          Other Changes--
                                        Balance at  Charged to               Add          Balance
                                        Beginning    Cost and             (Deduct)--     at End of
           DESCRIPTION                  of Period   Expenses  Retirements   Describe       Period
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     <S>                                <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>            <C>
                                                  
     Year ended December 31, 1993:                               
          Buildings and improvements    $17,632     $ 5,537     $   512      ($763)(1)    $ 21,894    
          Machinery and equipment        99,816      37,956       9,064     (1,598)(1)     127,110   
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $117,448     $43,493     $ 9,576    ($2,361)       $149,004  
                                      =============================================================
                                                  
                                                  
     Year ended December 31, 1992:                               
          Buildings and improvements    $12,915     $ 6,086     $ 1,108      ($261)(1)    $ 17,632    
          Machinery and equipment        82,839      24,909       5,008     (2,924)(1)      99,816    
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $95,754     $30,995     $ 6,116(2) ($3,185)       $117,448  
                                      =============================================================
                                                  
                                                  
     Year ended December 31, 1991:                               
          Buildings and improvements    $10,498     $ 2,772     $   403        $48 (1)    $ 12,915   
          Machinery and equipment        64,610      20,934       2,578       (127)(1)      82,839      
                                      -------------------------------------------------------------
                                        $75,108     $23,706     $ 2,981       ($79)       $ 95,754   
                                      =============================================================
</TABLE>                                                  
(1) Principally foreign currency translation adjustments.
(2) $1,026 of the retirements relates to the Sprague acquisition.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 49

                           Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.                
                                   
                       Schedule IX    Short-Term Borrowings              
                        (In thousands, except percentages)            
                                   
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   
                COL. A              COL. B          COL. C              COL. D             COL. E                COL. F
- - - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    Maximum Amount     Average Amount       Weighted Average
    CATEGORY OF AGGREGATE      Balance at End  Weighted Average      Outstanding         Outstanding          Interest Rate
    SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS        of Period     Interest Rate     During the Period  During the Period(2)  During the Period(3)
- - - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   <S>                         <C>             <C>               <C>                <C>                   <C>
   Year ended December 31, 1993: 
      Notes Payable to Bank (1)   $22,695           6.85%              $35,273             $22,348                8.90%     
                                   
                                   
  Year ended December 31, 1992:                          
      Notes Payable to Bank (1)   $18,966          10.02%              $25,481             $14,265               10.33%    
                                   
                                   
  Year ended December 31, 1991:                          
      Notes Payable to Bank (1)   $ 5,447           9.95%              $ 9,128             $ 7,125                9.37%     
                                   
</TABLE>                                   
(1) Notes payable to bank represent borrowings under lines of credit
    borrowing arrangements which have no termination date but
    are reviewed annually for renewal.                             

(2) The average amount outstanding during the period was based on quarter
    ending balances.              

(3) The weighted average interest rate during the period was computed by
    dividing the actual interest expense by average short-term  
    debt outstanding.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 50

                        Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.       
                              
         Schedule X -- Supplementary Income Statement Information
                              (In thousands)           
                              
                              
                              
                              
               COL. A                                   COL. B         
- - - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                ITEM                         Charged to Costs and Expenses  
- - - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                Year ended December 31,      
                                                1993      1992     1991 
                                           ----------------------------------
                              
     Maintenance and repairs                  $23,177   $18,344   $12,131   



                             
Amounts for depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, taxes, other
than payroll and income taxes, royalties, and advertising costs are not 
presented as such amounts are less than 1%  of total sales and revenues.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 51

                        SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                              VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

     March 30, 1994             /s/Felix Zandman          
                              -------------------------------------
          Date                Felix Zandman, Chairman of the Board,
                              President, Chief Executive Officer
                                   & Director

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below.

 /s/Robert A. Freece            /s/Felix Zandman          
- - - --------------------------    ------------------------------
Robert A. Freece              Felix Zandman, Chairman
Director, Vice President,     of the Board, Director,
Treasurer and Chief           President and Chief
Financial Officer             Executive Officer
(Principal Financial and      (Principal Executive Officer)
Accounting Officer)           
                              
 /s/Luella B. Slaner            /s/Avi D. Eden            
- - - --------------------------    ------------------------------
Luella B. Slaner, Director    Avi D. Eden, Director

 /s/Edward B. Shils             /s/Guy Brana              
- - - --------------------------    ------------------------------
Edward B. Shils, Director     Guy Brana, Director

 /s/Donald Alfson               /s/Jean-Claude Tine       
- - - --------------------------    ------------------------------
Donald Alfson, Director,      Jean-Claude Tine, Director
Vice President, President 
of Vishay Electronic 
Components, U.S. and Asia, 
and President of Dale 
Electronics, Inc.

 /s/Gerald Paul                 /s/Mark I. Solomon        
- - - --------------------------    ------------------------------
Gerald Paul, Director,        Mark I. Solomon, Director
Vice President, President 
of Vishay Electronic 
Components, Europe, and 
Managing Director of
Draloric Electronic GmbH      
                        
March 30, 1994
    Date
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT INDEX
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 52

                          EXHIBIT INDEX

                                                       Page Number
Exhibit                                               in Sequentially
No.      Description                                   Numbered Copy 
- - - -------  -----------                                  ---------------
2.1      Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of
         November 14, 1991, among Sprague Technologies,
         Inc., Sprague Electric Company and Vishay
         Intertechnology, Inc.  Incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 1 to the Current Report on
         Form 8-K dated November 14, 1991.
                                                              
3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as
         amended and Certificate of Amendment of
         Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
         Registrant dated May 18, 1993.                       57

3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to
         Registration Statement No. 33-13833 of
         Registrant on Form S-2 under the Securities Act
         of 1933 (the "Form S-2") and Amendment No. 1 to
         Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant.          143

10.1     Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Chief
         Executive Officer of Registrant.                    156

10.2     Second Amendment dated as of January 29, 1993
         to Amended and Restated Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc. $170,000,000 Revolving Credit and Term
         Loan Agreement by and among Comerica Bank,
         NationsBank of North Carolina, N.A., Signet
         Bank Maryland, CoreStates Bank, N.A., Bank
         Hapoalim, B.M., Meridian Bank, Bank Leumi le-
         Israel, B.M., Berliner Handels-und Frankfurter
         Bank and ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (collectively, the
         "Banks"), Comerica Bank, as agent for the Banks
         (the "Agent") and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
         ("Vishay"), dated as of January 10, 1992. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.1) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
         19, 1993.

10.3     Second Amendment dated as of January 29, 1993
         to Amended and Restated Draloric Electronic
         GmbH DM 42,375,000 Revolving Credit and DM
         57,036,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among the
         Banks, the Agent and Draloric Electronic GmbH
         ("Draloric"), dated as of January 10, 1992. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.2) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
         19, 1993.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 53
                                                       Page Number
Exhibit                                               in Sequentially
No.      Description                                   Numbered Copy 
- - - -------  -----------                                  ---------------
10.4     Roederstein DM 104,315,990.20 Term Loan Agree-
         ment dated as of January 29, 1993 by and among
         the Banks, the Agent, Draloric and Vishay.
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.3) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
         19, 1993.

10.5     Agreement between First International Bank of
         Israel and Vishay Israel Ltd. dated January 28,
         1993.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.4) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         January 19, 1993.

10.6     Amended and Restated Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc. $170,000,000 Revolving, Credit and Term
         Loan Agreement by and among Manufacturers Bank,
         N.A., NationsBank of North Carolina, N.A.,
         Signet Bank Maryland, CoreStates Bank, N.A.,
         Bank Hapoalim, B.M., Meridian Bank and Bank
         Leumi le-Israel, B.M. (collectively, the "Prior
         Banks"), the Agent and Vishay, dated as of
         January 10, 1992.  Incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit (10.1) to the Current Report on Form 8-
         K, dated January 10, 1992.

10.7     Amended and Restated Draloric Electronic, GmbH
         DM 42,375,000 Revolving Credit and DM
         57,036,000 Term Loan Agreement by and among the
         Prior Banks, the Agent and Draloric, dated as
         of January 10, 1992.  Incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit (10.2) to the Current Report on Form
         8-K, dated January 10, 1992.

10.8     Amended and Restated Guaranty by Vishay to the
         Banks, dated as of January 29, 1993.  Incor-
         porated by reference to Exhibit (10.3) to the
         Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January 29,
         1993.

10.9     Amended and Restated Guaranty by Dale Holdings,
         Inc., Dale Electronics, Inc., Bradford
         Electronics, Inc., and Measurements Group, Inc.
         to the Banks, dated as of January 29, 1993. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.6) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
         29, 1993.

10.10    Amended and Restated Permitted Borrowers
         Guaranty by Vilna Equities Holding B.V., Visra
         Electronics Financing, B.V., Draloric, E-Sil
         Components, Ltd., Vishay Components (U.K.)
         Limited, Sfernice, S.A., Ultronix, Inc., Techno
         Components Corporation and Ohmtek, Inc. to the
         Banks, dated as of January 29, 1993. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.7) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated January
         29, 1993.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 54
                                                       Page Number
Exhibit                                               in Sequentially
No.      Description                                   Numbered Copy 
- - - -------  -----------                                  ---------------
10.11    Guaranty by Vishay Sprague, Inc., Sprague North
         Adams, Sprague Sanford and Roederstein
         Electronics, Inc. to the Banks, dated January
         29, 1993.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.8) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         January 29, 1993.

10.12    Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 29,
         1989 between the Company and Societe Generale,
         New York Branch.  Incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Annual Report on
         Form 10-K for December 31, 1989.

10.13    Option Agreement for the Assets of the Resista
         Division of Roederstein by and among Vishay,
         Mr. Jorg Roederstein, Roederstein
         Spezialfabriken fur Bauelemente der Elektronik
         und Kondensatoren der Starkstromtechnik GmbH
         ("Roederstein") and Mr. Till Roederstein, dated
         February 18, 1992.  Incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form
         8-K, dated February 18, 1992.

10.14    Purchase and Transfer Agreement concerning
         Shares by and among, Mrs. Ute Roederstein, Mrs.
         Cornelia Bodinka, nee Roederstein, Ms. Claudia
         Roederstein, Mr. Jorg Roederstein, Mr. Till
         Roederstein and Vishay dated February 18, 1992.
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2_ to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February
         18, 1992.

10.15    Notarial Offer for a Purchase and Transfer
         Agreement concerning Shares by Mr. Till
         Roederstein and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
         dated February 18, 1992.  Incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report
         on Form 8-K, dated February 18, 1992.

10.16    Fiscal Agency Agreement, dated July 28, 1988,
         between the Company and Citibank, N.A. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10(i)) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August
         30, 1988.

10.17    Management Fee Agreement between Dale Holdings,
         Inc. and the Company, dated May 14, 1986. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
         the Form S-2.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 55
                                                       Page Number
Exhibit                                               in Sequentially
No.      Description                                   Numbered Copy 
- - - -------  -----------                                  ---------------
10.18    Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15,
         1985, between the Company and Dr. Felix
         Zandman.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         10.12 to the Form S-2.

10.19    1986 Employee Stock Plan of the Company. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the
         Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8
         (No. 33-7850).

10.20    1986 Employee Stock Plan of Dale Electronics,
         Inc.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to
         the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-
         8 (No. 33-7851).

10.21    Money Purchase Plan Agreement of Measurements
         Group, Inc.  Incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 10(a)(6) to Amendment No. 1 to the
         Company's Registration Statement on Form S-7
         (No. 2-69970).

10.22    Distributor Agreement between Nytron Inductors
         and VSD, Inc. dated as of January 1, 1991. 
         Incorporated by reference to the Company's
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31,
         1990. 

10.23    Distribution Sales Agreement between Sprague
         Electric Company and Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc., dated February 14, 1992.  Incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit (10.1) to the Current
         Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

10.24    Sales Representation Agreement between Sprague
         Electric Company and Vishay Intertechnology,
         Inc. dated February 14, 1992.  Incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit (10.2) to the Current
         Report on Form 8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

10.25    Agreement for Transfer of Computer Software
         License Administration Services Agreement
         between Sprague Electric Company and Vishay
         Intertechnology, Inc., dated February 14, 1992. 
         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10.3) to
         the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February
         14, 1992.

10.26    Lease of Concord Facility, dated February 14,
         1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.4) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         February 14, 1992.

10.27    Sublease of Hudson Facility, dated February 14,
         1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.5) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         February 14, 1992.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 56
                                                       Page Number
Exhibit                                               in Sequentially
No.      Description                                   Numbered Copy 
- - - -------  -----------                                  ---------------
10.28    Lease of El Paso Property, dated February 14,
         1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.6) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         February 14, 1992.

10.29    Non-Competition Agreement among Sprague
         Technologies, Inc., Sprague Electric Company
         and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc., dated
         February 14, 1992.  Incorporated by reference
         to Exhibit (10.7) to the Current Report on Form
         8-K, dated February 14, 1992.

10.30    Agreement between Sprague Technologies, Inc.
         and Vishay Israel, Ltd., dated February 14,
         1992.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
         (10.8) to the Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
         February 14, 1992.

11.      Statement regarding Computation of Per Share
         Earnings.                                           160

22.      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.                     161

23.      Consent of Independent Auditors.                    165
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1(A)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 57
                                                      EXHIBIT 3.1
     
     
     
                         CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                    OF 
                           RESTATED CERTIFICATE
                             OF INCORPORATION
                                    OF
                       VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
     
     
     
               It is hereby certified that:
     
               1.  The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the
     "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
     
               2.  The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
     Corporation, as amended, is hereby further amended by striking
     out the first paragraph of Article Fourth thereof and by
     substituting in lieu of said paragraph of said Article the
     following new paragraph:
     
     
               "FOURTH:  Section 1. Classes and Number of
               Shares.  The total number of shares of all
               classes of stock which the Corporation shall
               have authority to issue is 51,000,000 shares. 
               The classes and the aggregate number of
               shares of stock of each class which the
               Corporation shall have authority to issue are
               as follows:
     
                      (i)  35,000,000 shares of Common
               Stock, $0.10 par value per share (hereinafter
               the "Common Stock");
     
                     (ii)  15,000,000 shares of Class B
               Common Stock, $0.10 par value per share
               (hereinafter the "Class B Stock"); and
     
                    (iii)  1,000,000 shares of Preferred
               Stock, $1.00 par value per share, with such
               rights, privileges, restrictions and
               preferences as the Board of Directors may
               authorize from time to time (hereinafter the
               "Preferred Stock").
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 58
     
               3.  The amendment of the Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation, as amended, herein certified has been duly adopted
     in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General
     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
     
     Signed and attested to on May 18, 1993.
     
     
                                                      
                                         /s/Robert A. Freece
                                    --------------------------------------
                                       Robert A. Freece
                                       Vice President
     
     
     Attest:
     
     
     /s/ William J. Spires
     ----------------------
     William J. Spires
     Secretary
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 59

                   RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                     VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

     

               It is hereby certified that:


               1.   (a)  The present name of the Corporation

     (hereinafter called the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology,

     Inc.


                    (b)  The name under which the Corporation was

     originally incorporated is Micro-Measurements,Inc.; and the date

     of filing the original certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware

     is July 3, 1962.


               2.   The certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation is hereby amended by striking out Articles FIRST

     through THIRTEENTH thereof and by substituting in lieu thereof

     new Articles FIRST through ELEVENTH which are set forth in the

     Restated Certificate of Incorporation hereinafter provided for.


                    Each share of Common Stock of the par value of

     $1.00 per share, outstanding upon the effective date of this

     Restated Certificate of Incorporation, shall be reclassified as

     250 fully paid and non-assessable shares of the par value of $.10

     per share, which shares shall be included in the 5,000,000 shares

     of Common Stock authorized in this Restated Certificate of

     Incorporation.

     

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 60
               3.   The provisions of the certificate of incorporation

     of the Corporation as heretofore amended and/or supplemented, and

     as herein amended, are hereby restated and integrated into the

     single instrument which is hereinafter set forth, and which is

     entitled Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vishay

     Intertechnology, Inc.


               4.   The amendments and the restatement of the Restated

     Certificate of Incorporation have been duly adopted by the

     stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions

     of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the

     State of Delaware.


               5.   The capital of the Corporation will not be reduced

     under or by reason of any amendment herein certified.


               6.   The certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation, as amended and restated herein, shall upon the

     effective date of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation read

     as follows:


                   RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                       VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                             ___________
     

               FIRST:    The name of the Corporation (hereinafter

     called the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

     
               SECOND:   The address, including street, number, city,

     and county, of the registered office of the Corporation in the

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 61
     State of Delaware is 229 South State Street, City of Dover,

     County of Kent; and the name of the registered agent of the

     Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The

     Prentice-Hall Corporation System, Inc.


               THIRD:    The purpose of the Corporation are to engage

     in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be

     organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
     

               FOURTH:   The total number of shares of stock which the

     Corporation shall have authority to issue is 6,000,000 shares, of

     which 1,000,000 shares, of the par value of $1 per share, shall

     be Preferred Stock, and 5,000,000 shares, of the par value of

     $.10 per share, shall be Common Stock.


               The designations, preferences and relative,

     participating, optional or other special rights and

     qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each class of

     stock are as follows:


               A.   The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more

     series and may be with such voting powers, full or limited, or

     without voting powers, and with such designations, preferences

     and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,

     and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall

     be fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority hereby

     expressly granted to it, and as shall be stated and expressed in

     the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 62
     stock adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority

     expressly vested in it by these provisions.


               B.   Any Preferred Stock or series thereof may be made

     subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or

     prices as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or

     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the

     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.


               C.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any series

     thereof shall be entitled to receive dividends at such rates, on

     such conditions and at such times as shall be stated and

     expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the

     issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as

     hereinabove provided, payable in preference to, or in such

     relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes

     of stock, or cumulative or noncumulative as shall be so stated

     and expressed.


               D.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any class or

     of any series thereof, shall be entitled to such rights upon the

     dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the

     Corporation as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or

     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the

     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.


               E.   Any Preferred Stock of any class or of any series

     thereof may be made convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares

     of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 63
     or of any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation, or

     shares of any class or series of stock of any other corporation,

     at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with

     such adjustments as shall be stated and expressed or provided for

     the issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as

     hereinabove provided.


               F.   Except as otherwise provided herein, by statute or

     by the resolutions providing for the issue of Preferred Stock

     specifically provided, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting

     power and the Common Stock shall have the sole right and power to

     vote on all matters on which a vote of stockholders is to be

     taken.  Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote and

     shall have one vote for each share thereof held.


               FIFTH:    The Corporation is to have perpetual

     existence.


               SIXTH:    Whenever a compromise or arrangement is

     proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class

     of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or

     any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the

     State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of

     this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on

     the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this

     Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of the General

     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or on the application of

     trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed

     for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 64
     General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware order a meeting

     of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the

     stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the

     case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court

     directs.  If a majority in number representing three-fourths in

     value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the

     stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the

     case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any

     reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such

     compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and

     the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to

     which the said application has been made, be binding on all the

     creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders

     or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may

     be, and also on this Corporation.


               SEVENTH:  For the management of the business and for

     the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further

     definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the

     Corporation and of its directors and stockholders, or any class

     thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided:


               1.   The power to make, alter, or repeal the

               By-Laws of the Corporation, and to adopt any

               new By-Laws, except a By-Law classifying

               directors for election for staggered terms,

               shall be vested in the Board of Directors,

               provided that the Board of Directors may

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 65
               delegate such power, in whole or in part, to

               the stockholders.


                    2.   Whenever the Corporation shall be

               authorized to issue more than one class of

               stock, one or more of which is denied voting

               power, no outstanding share of any class of

               stock which is denied voting power under the

               provisions of the Certificate of

               Incorporation shall entitle the holder

               thereof to notice of, and the right to vote

               at any meeting of stockholders except as the

               provisions of paragraph (c)(2) of section 242

               of the General Corporation Law and of

               sections 251 and 252 of the General

               Corporation Law shall otherwise require;

               provided, that no share of any such class

               which is otherwise denied voting power shall

               entitle the holder thereof to vote upon the

               increase or decrease in the number of

               authorized shares of said class.


                    3.   In lieu of taking any permissive or

               requisite action by vote at a meeting of

               stockholders, any such vote and any such

               meeting may be dispensed with if either all

               of the stockholders entitled to vote upon the

               action at any such meeting shall consent in

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 66
               writing to any such corporate action being

               taken or if less than all of the stockholders

               entitled to vote upon the action at any such

               meeting shall consent in writing to any such

               corporate action being taken; provided, that

               any such action taken upon less than the

               unanimous written consent of all stockholders

               entitled to vote upon any such action shall

               be by the written consent of the stockholders

               holding at least the minimum percentage of

               the votes required to be cast to authorize

               any such action under the provisions of the

               General Corporation Law or under the provi-

               sions of the Certificate of Incorporation or

               the By-Laws as permitted by the provisions of

               the General Corporation Law; and, provided,

               that prompt notice of the taking of the

               corporate action without a meeting by less

               than unanimous consent shall be given to

               those stockholders who have not consented in

               writing.


                    4.   No election of directors need be by

               written ballot.


               EIGHTH:  No contract or transaction between the

     Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or

     between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership,

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 67
     association, or other organization in which one or more of its

     directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a

     financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this

     reason, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such

     purpose, if:


               (a)  The material facts as to his relationship or

     interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or

     are known to the Board of Directors or the Committee, and the

     Board or Committee in good faith authorizes the contract or

     transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the

     disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors

     be less than a quorum; or,


               (b)  The material facts as to his relationship or

     interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or

     are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the

     contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by

     vote of the stockholders; or,


               (c)  The contract or transaction is fair as to the

     Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or

     ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the

     stockholders.


               Common or interested directors may be counted in

     determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of

     Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or

     transaction.

     

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 68
               NINTH:  Every person (and the heirs, executors and

     administrators of such person) who is or was a director, officer,

     employee or agent of the Corporation or of any other company,

     including another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust

     or other enterprise which such person serves or served as such at

     the request of the Corporation shall be indemnified by the

     Corporation against all judgments, payments in settlement

     (whether or not approved by court), fines, penalties and other

     reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements

     of counsel) imposed upon or incurred by such person in connection

     with or resulting from any action, suit, proceeding, investiga-

     tion or claim, civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or

     other (including any criminal action, suit or proceeding in which

     such person enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere or its

     equivalent), or any appeal relating thereto, which is brought or

     threatened either by or in the right of the Corporation or such

     other company (herein called a "derivative action") or by any

     other person, governmental authority or instrumentality (herein

     called a "third-party action") and in which such person is made a

     party or is otherwise involved by reason of his being or having

     been such director, officer, employee, or agent of by reason of

     any action or omission, or alleged action or omission by such

     person in his capacity as such director, officer, employee or

     agent if either (a) such person is wholly successful, on the

     merits or otherwise, in defending such derivative or third-party

     action or (b) in the judgment of a court of competent jurisdic-

     tion or, in the absence of such a determination, in the judgment

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 69
     of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors of the

     Corporation (which quorum shall not include any director who is a

     party to or is otherwise involved in such action) or, in the

     absence of such a disinterested quorum, in the opinion of

     independent legal counsel (i) in the case of a derivative action,

     such person acted without negligence or misconduct in the

     performance of his duty to the corporation or such other company

     or (ii) in the case of a third-party action, such person acted in

     good faith in what he reasonably believed to be the best interest

     of the corporation or such other company, and, in addition, in

     any criminal action, had no reasonable cause to believe that his

     action was unlawful; provided that, in the case of a derivative

     action, such indemnification shall not be made in respect of any

     payment to the Corporation or such other company or any stock-

     holder thereof in satisfaction of judgment or in settlement

     unless either (x) a court of competent jurisdiction has approved

     such settlement, if any, and the reimbursement of such payment or

     (y) if the court in which such action has been instituted lacks

     jurisdiction to grant such approval or such action is settled

     before the institution of judicial proceedings, in the opinion of

     independent legal counsel the applicable standard of conduct

     specified in the preceding sentence has been met, such action was

     without substantial merit, such settlement was in the best

     interests of the corporation or such other company and the

     reimbursement of such payment is permissible under applicable

     law.  In case such person is successful, on the merits or

     otherwise, in defending part of such action or, in the judgment

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 70
     of such a court or such quorum of the Board of Directors or in

     the opinion of such counsel, has met the applicable standard of

     conduct specified in the preceding sentence with respect to part

     of such action, he shall be indemnified by the Corporation

     against the judgments, settlements, payments, fines, penalties

     and other costs and expenses attributable to such part of such

     action.


               The foregoing rights of indemnification shall be in

     addition to any rights to which any such director, officer,

     employee, or agent may otherwise be entitled under the

     Certificate of Incorporation, any agreement or vote of stock-

     holders or at law or in equity or otherwise.


               In any case in which, in the judgment of a majority of

     such a disinterested quorum of the Board of Directors, any such

     director, officer or employee will be entitled to indemnification

     under the foregoing provisions of this Article, such amounts as

     they deem necessary to cover the reasonable costs and expenses

     incurred by such person in connection with the action, suit,

     proceeding, investigation or claim prior to final disposition

     thereof may be advanced to such person upon receipt of an

     undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amounts

     if it is ultimately determined that he is not so entitled to

     indemnification.
     

               TENTH:  The Corporation may purchase and maintain

     insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director,

     officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 71
     serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,

     employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint

     venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted

     against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising

     out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would

     have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the

     provisions of Article NINTH.


               ELEVENTH:  From time to time any of the provisions of

     this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered or

     repealed, and other provisions authorized by the laws of the

     State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted

     in the manner and at the time prescribed by said law, and all

     rights at any time conferred upon the stockholders of the

     Corporation by this Certificate of Incorporation are granted

     subject to the provisions of this Article ELEVENTH.


     Signed and attested to on December 6, 1972.


                                        /s/ Felix Zandman        
                                    ---------------------------------
                                        President


     Attest:
     

       /s/ Robert A. Freece    
    -----------------------------
          Treasurer


       /s/ Franklin Feldman    
    -----------------------------
          Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 72

                             State of Delaware
                      Office of the Secretary of State


               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF "MICRO-MEASURMENTS, INC.", 
     FILED IN THIS OFFICE THE THIRD DAY OF JULY, A.D. 1962, AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067577
                                              DATE: 03-24-94
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 73
                                                      EXHIBIT 3.1


                       CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION


                                    OF
     

                         MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.

     

               WE, THE UNDERSIGNED, for the purpose of associating to

     establish a corporation of the transaction of the business and

     the promotion and conduct of the objects and purposes hereinafter

     stated, under the provisions and subject to the requirements of

     the laws of the State of Delaware (particularly in Chapter 1,

     Title 8 of the 1953 Delaware Code and the Acts Amendatory thereof

     and supplemental thereto, and known as the "General Corporation

     Law of the State of Delaware"), do make and file this Certificate

     of Incorporation in writing and do hereby certify as follows, to

     wit:


               FIRST:  The name of the Corporation (hereinafter called

     the Corporation) is MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.


               SECOND:  The respective names of the County and of the

     City within the County of which the principal office of the

     Corporation is to be located in the State of Delaware are the

     County of Kent and the City of Dover.  The name of the resident

     agent of the Corporation is The Prentice-Hall Corporation System,

     Inc.  The street and number of said principal office and the

     address by street and number of said resident agent is 229 South

     State Street, Dover, Delaware.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 74

               THIRD:  The nature of the business of the Corporation

     and the object or purpose to be transacted, promoted or carried

     on by the Corporation are as follows:

     
               To design, devise, invent, manufacture, install,

     remove, repair, inspect, report upon, buy, sell, handle and deal

     in, strain sensing elements, temperature sensors, associated

     instruments, transducers and associated equipment of all kinds

     and natures.

     
               To purchase, construct, lease or otherwise acquire,

     own, operate, sell and dispose of factories and other buildings

     and structures, with such plant, machinery, tools and equipment

     as may be necessary for the business of the corporation.


               To acquire by purchase, exchange, concession, easement,

     contract, lease or otherwise, to hold, own, use, control, manage,

     improve, maintain and develop, to mortgage, pledge, grant, sell,

     convey, exchange, assign, divide, lease, sublease, or otherwise

     encumber or dispose of, and to deal in and trade in, real estate,

     improved or unimproved, lands, leaseholds, options, concessions,

     easements, tenaments, hereditaments and interests in real, mixed,

     and personal property, of every kind and description wheresoever

     situated, and any and all rights therein.


               To manufacture, process, purchase, sell and generally

     to trade and deal in and with goods, wares, and merchandise of

     every kind, nature and description, and to engage and participate

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 75

     in any mercantile, industrial trading, consultation, or research

     business of any kind or character whatsoever.


               To acquire by purchase, exchange or otherwise, all, or

     any part of, or any interest in, the properties, assets, business

     and good will of any one or more persons, firms, associations or

     corporations heretofore or hereafter engaged in any business for

     which a corporation may now or hereafter be organized under the

     laws of the State of Delaware; to pay for the same in cash,

     property or its own or other securities; to hold, operate,

     reorganize, liquidate, sell or in any manner dispose of the whole

     or any part thereof; and in connection therewith, to assume or

     guarantee performances of any liabilities, obligations or

     contracts of such persons, firms, associations or corporations,

     and to conduct the whole or any part of any business thus

     acquired.

     
               To endorse or guarantee or become surety in respect of

     the payment of principal, interest or dividends upon, and to

     guarantee the performance of sinking fund or other obligations

     of, any securities, and to guarantee in any way permitted by law

     the performance of any of the contracts or other undertakings in

     which the Corporation may otherwise be or become interested, of

     any person, firm, association, corporation, government or sub-

     division thereof, or of any other combination, organization or

     entity whatsoever.


               To acquire, hold, use, sell, assign, lease, grant

     licenses in respect of, mortgage or otherwise dispose of letters

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 76
     patent of the United States or any foreign country, patent

     rights, licenses and privileges, inventions, improvements and

     processes, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, relating to or

     useful in connection with any business of this Corporation.


               To acquire by purchase, subscription, or otherwise, and

     to receive, hold, own, guarantee, sell, assign, exchange,

     transfer, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of or deal in and

     with any of the shares of the capital stock, or any voting trust

     certificates in respect of the shares of capital stock, scrip,

     warrants, rights, bonds, debentures, notes, trust receipts, other

     securities, obligations, choses in action and evidences of

     indebtedness or interest issued or created by any corporations,

     joint stock companies, syndicates, associations, firms, trusts or

     persons, public or private, or by the government of the United

     States of America, or by any foreign government, or by any State,

     territory, province, municipality or other political subdivision

     or by any governmental agency, and as owner thereof to possess

     and exercise all the rights, powers and privileges of ownership,

     including the right to execute consents and vote thereon, and to

     do any and all acts and things necessary and advisable for the

     preservation, protection, improvement and enhancement in the

     value thereof.


               To enter into, make and perform contracts of every kind

     and description with any person, firm, association, corporation,

     municipality, county, state, body politic or government or colony

     or dependency thereof.


<PAGE>
<PAGE> 77
               To borrow or raise monies for any of the purposes of

     the corporation and, from time to time without limit as to

     amount, to draw, make, accept, endorse, execute and issue

     promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, warrants, bonds,

     debentures and other negotiable or non-negotiable instruments and

     evidences of indebtedness, and to secure the payment of any

     thereof and of the interest thereon by mortgage upon or pledge,

     conveyance or assignment in trust of the whole or any part of the

     property of the Corporation, whether at the time owned or

     thereafter acquired, and to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of

     such bonds or other obligations of the Corporation for its

     corporate purpose.


               To loan to any person, firm or corporation any of its

     surplus funds, either with or without security.


               To purchase, hold, sell, reissue and transfer the

     shares of its own capital stock, provided it shall not use its

     funds or property for the purchase of its own shares of capital

     stock when such use would cause any impairment of its capital

     except as otherwise permitted by law, and provided further that

     shares of its own capital stock belonging to it shall not be

     voted upon directly or indirectly.


               To have one or more offices to carry on all or any of

     its operations and business and, without restriction or limit as

     to amount, to purchase or otherwise acquire, hold, own, mortgage,

     sell, convey or otherwise dispose of, real and personal property

     of every class and description in any of the states, districts,

     territories or colonies of the United States, and in any and all

     foreign countries, subject to the laws of such state, district,

     territory, colony or country.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 78

               In general, to carry on any other business in

     connection with the foregoing, and to have and exercise all the

     powers conferred by the law of Delaware upon corporations formed

     under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and

     to do any and all of the things hereinbefore set forth to the

     same extent as natural persons might or could do.
     

               The objects and purposes specified in the foregoing

     clauses shall, except where otherwise expressed, be in no wise

     limited or restricted by reference to, or inference from, the

     terms of any other clause in this Certificate of Incorporation,

     but the objects and purposes specified in each of the foregoing

     clauses of this Article shall be regarded as independent objects

     and purposes.


               FOURTH:  The total number of shares of stock which the

     Corporation shall have authority to issue is One Hundred Thousand

     (100,000) and the par value of each such shares shall be One

     Dollar ($1.00) amounting in the aggregate to One Hundred Thousand

     Dollars ($100,000).  All such shares are of one class and are

     designated as Common Stock.


               FIFTH:  The minimum amount of capital with which the

     Corporation will commence business is One Thousand Dollars

     ($1,000).
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 79

               SIXTH:  The names and places of residence of each of

     the incorporators are as follows:


               NAMES                    RESIDENCES
               -----                    ----------

               Charles B. Hochman       62-60 99th Street
                                        Rego Park, New York

               Carl Kanter              1436 Lexington Avenue
                                        New York, New York 

               Franklin Feldman         45 East 9th Street
                                        New York, New York


               SEVENTH:  The Corporation is to have perpetual

     existence.


               EIGHTH:  The private property of stockholders of the

     Corporation shall not be subject to the payment of corporate

     debts to any extent whatever.


               NINTH:  For the management of the business and for the

     conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further

     definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the

     Corporation and of its Directors and stockholders, it is further

     provided:


                    1.   The number of Directors of the Corporation

     shall be as specified in the By-Laws of the Corporation, but such

     number may from time to time be increased or decreased in such

     manner as may be prescribed by the By-Laws.  In no event shall

     the number of Directors be less than three.  The election of

     Directors need not be by ballot, and Directors need not be

     stockholders.

     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 80
                    2.   In furtherance and not in limitation of the

     powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board

     of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered:


                         (a)  to make, alter, amend and repeal the By-

     Laws of the Corporation, subject to the power of the stockholders

     to alter or repeal the By-Laws made by the Board of Directors.
     

                         (b)  subject to the applicable provisions of

     the By-Laws then in effect, to determine, from time to time,

     whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under

     what conditions and regulations the accounts and books of the

     Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of

     the stockholders, and no stockholder shall have any right to

     inspect any account or book or document of the Corporation,

     except as conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, unless

     and until authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of

     Directors or of the stockholders of the Corporation.


                         (c)  without the assent or vote of the

     stockholders, to authorize and issue obligations of the

     Corporation, secured or unsecured, to include therein such

     provisions as to redeemability, convertibility or otherwise, as

     the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine,

     and to authorize the mortgaging or pledging, as security

     therefor, of any property of the Corporation, real or personal,

     including after-acquired property.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 81

                         (d)  to establish bonus, profit-sharing or

     other types of incentive or compensation plans for the employees

     (including officers and Directors) of the Corporation and to fix

     the amount of profits to be distributed or shared and to

     determine the persons to participate in any such plans and the

     amounts of their respective participations.
     

                         (e)  to set apart out of any of the funds of

     the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for

     any proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the manner

     in which it was created.

     
                         (f)  by resolution passed by a majority of

     the whole board, to designate one or more committees.
     

               NAME                     RESIDENCES
               ----                     ----------

              Franklin Feldman          45 East 9th Street
                                        New York, New York


               SEVENTH:  The Corporation is to have perpetual

     existence.
     

               EIGHTH:  The private property of stockholders of the

     Corporation shall not be subject to the payment of corporate

     debts to any extent whatever.


               NINTH:  For the management of the business and for the

     conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further

     definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the

     Corporation and of its Directors and stockholders, it is further

     provided:

     

     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 82

                    1.   The number of Directors of the Corporation

     shall be as specified in the By-Laws of the Corporation, but such

     number may from time to time be increased or decreased in such

     manner as may be prescribed by the By-Laws.  In no event shall

     the number of Directors be less than three.  The election of

     Directors need not be by ballot, and Directors need not be

     stockholders.


                    2.   In furtherance and not in limitation of the

     powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board

     of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered:


                         (a)  to make, alter, amend and repeal the By-

     Laws of the Corporation, subject to the power of the stockholders

     to alter or repeal the By-Laws made by the Board of Directors.


                         (b)  subject to the applicable provisions of

     the By-Laws then in effect, to determine, from time to time,

     whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under

     what conditions and regulations the accounts and books of the

     Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of

     the stockholders, and no stockholder shall have any right to

     inspect any account or book or document of the Corporation,

     except as conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, unless

     and until authorized so to do by resolution of the Board of

     Directors or of the stockholders of the Corporation.


                         (c)  without the assent or vote of the

     stockholders, to authorize and issue obligations of the
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 83

     Corporation, secured or unsecured, to include therein such

     provisions as to redeemability, convertibility or otherwise, as

     the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine,

     and to authorize the mortgaging or pledging, as security

     therefor, of any property of the Corporation, real or personal,

     including after-acquired property.


                         (d)  to establish bonus, profit-sharing or

     other types of incentive or compensation plans for the employees

     (including officers and Directors) of the Corporation and to fix

     the amount of profits to be distributed or shared and to

     determine the persons to participate in any such plans and the

     amounts of their respective participations.


                         (e)  to set apart out of any of the funds of

     the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for

     any proper purpose and to abolish any such reserve in the manner

     in which it was created.


                         (f)  by resolution passed by a majority of

     the whole board, to designate one or more committees, each

     committee to consist of two or more of the Directors of the

     Corporation, which, to the extent provided in the resolution or

     in the By-Laws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise

     the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the

     business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the

     seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may

     require it.  Such committee or committees shall have such name or

     names as may be stated in the By-Laws of the Corporation or as

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 84

     may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the

     Board of Directors.


                    When and as authorized by the affirmative vote of

     the holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding

     having voting power given at a stockholders' meeting duly called

     for that purpose, or when authorized by the written consent of

     the holders of a majority of the voting stock issued and

     outstanding, to sell, lease or exchange all of the property and

     assets of the Corporation, including its good will and its

     corporate franchises, upon such terms and conditions and for such

     consideration, which may be in whole or in part shares of stock

     in, and/or other securities of, any other corporation or

     corporations, as its Board of Directors shall deem expedient for

     the best interest of the Corporation.


                    In addition to the powers and authorities

     hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon it, the Board

     of Directors may exercise all such powers and do all such acts

     and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation,

     subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the laws of the State

     of Delaware, of the Certificate of Incorporation, and of the By-

     Laws of the Corporation.


                    3.   Any Director or any officer elected or

     appointed by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors may be

     removed at any time in such manner as shall be provided in the

     By-Laws of the Corporation.

     

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 85
                    4.   In the absence of fraud, no contract or other

     transaction between the Corporation and any other corporation,

     and no act of the Corporation, shall in any way be affected or

     invalidated by the fact that any of the Directors of the

     Corporation are pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, or are

     Directors or officers of, such other corporation; and, in the

     absence of fraud, any Director, individually, or any firm of

     which any Director may be a member, may be a party to, or may be

     pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract or

     transaction of the Corporation; provided, in any case, that the

     fact that he o such firm is so interested shall be disclosed or

     shall have been known to the Board of Directors or a majority

     thereof; and any Director of the Corporation who is also a

     Director or officer of any such other corporation, or who is also

     so interested, may be counted in determining the existence of a

     quorum in any meeting of the Board of Directors of the

     Corporation which will authorize any such contract, act or

     transaction, and may vote thereat to authorize any such contract,

     act or transaction, with like force and effect as if he were not

     such Director or officer of such other corporation, or not so

     interested.


                    5.   Any contract, act or transaction of the

     corporation or of the Directors may be ratified by a vote of a

     majority of the shares having voting power at any meeting of

     stockholders, or at any special meeting called for such purpose,

     and such ratification shall, so far as permitted by law and by

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 86
     the Certificate of Incorporation, be as valid and as binding as

     though ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation.


               TENTH:  Whenever a compromise or arrangement is

     proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class

     of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or

     any class of them, any Court of equitable jurisdiction within the

     State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of

     this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof, or on

     the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this

     Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of Title 8 of the

     Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or

     of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under

     the provisions of Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code

     order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of

     the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as

     the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said Court

     directs.  If a majority in number representing three-fourths in

     value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the

     stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the

     case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any

     reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such

     compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if

     sanctioned by the Court to which the said application has been

     made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors,

     and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of this

     Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.


<PAGE>
<PAGE> 87
               ELEVENTH:  Meetings of stockholders may be held outside

     the State of Delaware, if the By-Laws so provide.  The books of

     the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained

     in the statutes) outside the State of Delaware at such place or

     places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of

     Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation.


               TWELFTH:  The Corporation reserves the right to amend,

     alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this

     Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter

     prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders

     herein are granted subject to this reservation.

     
               THIRTEENTH:  No stockholder of this Corporation shall

     have any preemptive or preferential right of subscription to any

     shares of any stock of this Corporation, or to any obligations

     convertible into stock of this Corporation, issued or sold, nor

     any right of subscription to any thereof other than such, if any,

     as the Board of Directors of this Corporation in its discretion

     from time to time may determine, and at such price as the Board

     of Directors from time to time may fix, pursuant to the authority

     hereby conferred by the Certificate of Incorporation of this

     Corporation, and the Board of Directors may issue stock of this

     Corporation, or obligations convertible into stock, without

     offering such issue of stock, either in whole or in part, to the

     stockholders of this Corporation.  The acceptance of stock in

     this Corporation shall be a waiver of any such preemptive or

     preferential right which in the absence of this provision might

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 88
     otherwise be asserted by stockholders of this Corporation of any

     of them.


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we, the undersigned, being all of

     the incorporators hereinabove named, do hereby further certify

     that the facts hereinabove stated are truly set forth and

     accordingly have hereunto set our respective hands and seals.
     

     DATED:  New York, New York
             June 27, 1962

                                    
                                    /s/ Charles B. Hochman 
                            --------------------------------------- (L.S.)
                                        Charles B. Hochman


                                    /s/ Carl Kanter           
                            --------------------------------------- (L.S.)
                                        Carl Kanter


                                    /s/ Franklin Feldman
                            --------------------------------------- (L.S.)
                                        Franklin Feldman
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 89

STATE OF NEW YORK     )
                      :  ss.:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK    )


               BE IT REMEMBERED that on this 27th day of June, A.D.

     1962, personally came before me, a Notary Public for the State of

     New York, CHARLES B. HOCHMAN, CARL KANTER and FRANKLIN FELDMAN,

     all of the parties to the foregoing Certificate of Incorporation,

     known to me personally to be such, and severally acknowledged the

     said Certificate to be the act and deed of the signers

     respectively and that the facts therein stated are truly set

     forth.


               GIVEN under my hand and seal of office the day and year

     aforesaid.

                                    /s/ Nettie Rothstein   
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                          Notary Public
                                        Nettie Rothstein
                                  Notary Public, State of New York
                                          No. 24-3379250
                                      Qualified in Kings County
                                 Certificate filed in New York County
                                  Commission Expires March 30, 1963


<PAGE>
<PAGE> 90
                              State of Delaware
                       Office of the Secretary of State

               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF MERGER, WHICH MERGES:


               WITH AND INTO "MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC." UNDER THE NAME OF
     "MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.", A CORPORATION ORGANIZED AND EXISTING UNDER
     THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AS RECEIVED AND FILED IN THIS OFFICE
     THE THIRTEENTH DAY OF APRIL, A.D. 1966, AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067576
                                              DATE: 03-24-94

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 91

               AGREEMENT OF MERGER dated as of April 9, 1966 between

     VISHAY INSTRUMENTS, INC., a corporation duly organized and

     existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, a Constituent

     Corporation, and a majority of the directors thereof, and MICRO-

     MEASUREMENTS, INC., a corporation also duly organized and

     existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, a Constituent

     Corporation, and a majority of the directors thereof.


               WHEREAS, Vishay Instruments, Inc. was organized under

     the laws of the State of Delaware by a Certificate of

     Incorporation filed in the office of the Secretary of State of

     the State of Delaware on February 1, 1962, with an authorized

     capital consisting of 100,000 shares of Common Stock of the par

     value of $1.00 per share, of which 1,000 shares are issued and

     outstanding; and
     

               WHEREAS, Micro-Measurements, Inc. was organized under

     the laws of the State of Delaware by a Certificate of

     Incorporation filed in the office of the Secretary of State of

     the State of Delaware on July 3, 1962, with an authorized capital

     consisting of 100,000 shares of Common Stock of the par value of

     $1.00 per share, of which 1,000 shares are issued and outstand-

     ing; and


               WHEREAS, a majority of the directors of each of the

     Constituent Corporations deem it advantageous for the Constituent

     Corporations, and for the benefit of the stockholders of each, to

     merger Vishay Instruments, Inc., with and into Micro-

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 92

     Measurements, Inc., which is hereinafter sometimes referred to as

     the Continuing Corporation; and


               WHEREAS, pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the

     State of Delaware the directors, or a majority of them, of each

     Constituent Corporation are authorized to enter into an agreement

     signed by them and under the corporate seals of the respective

     corporations, prescribing the terms and conditions of merger, the

     mode of carrying the same into effect, and stating such other

     facts required or permitted by the provisions of said law to be

     set out in certificates and articles of incorporation, as can be

     stated in the case of a merger, as well as the manner of convert-

     ing the shares of each of the Constituent Corporations into

     shares or other securities of the corporation surviving such

     merger, with such other details and provisions as are deemed

     necessary.


               NOW, THEREFORE, THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH:

                                 ARTICLE I

                                  Merger
                                  ------

     

               Pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of

     Delaware, Vishay Instruments, Inc., the Constituent Delaware

     Corporation, is hereby merged with and into Micro-Measurements,

     Inc., the Constituent Delaware Corporation, which shall survive

     the merger.


               The Continuing Corporation shall succeed to, without

     other transfer, and shall possess and enjoy all the rights,

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 93
     privileges, powers and franchises as well of a public as of a

     private nature, and be subject to all the restrictions,

     disabilities and duties of each of the two Constituent

     Corporations, and all and singular, the rights, privileges,

     powers and franchises of each of said corporations, and all

     property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to either

     of the Constituent Corporations on whatever account, as well for

     stock subscriptions as all other things in action or belonging to

     each of such Constituent Corporations, shall be vested in the

     Continuing Corporation; and all property, rights, privileges,

     powers and franchises, and all and every other interest shall be

     thereafter as effectually the property of the Continuing

     Corporation as they were of the respective Constituent

     Corporations, and the title to any real estate vested by deed or

     otherwise in either of such Constituent Corporations, shall not

     revert or be in any way impaired by reason of such merger;

     provided, however, that all rights of creditors and all liens

     upon any property of either of such Constituent Corporations

     shall be preserved unimpaired, limited to the property affected

     by such liens at the time of the merger, and all debts,

     liabilities and duties of the respective Constituent Corporations

     shall thenceforth attach to the Continuing Corporation, and may

     be enforced against it to the same extent as if said debts,

     liabilities and duties had been incurred or contracted by it.


               If at any time the Continuing Corporation shall deem or

     be advised that any further assignments or assurances in law or

     things are necessary or desirable to vest, or to perfect or

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 94
     confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Continuing Corporation

     the title to any property acquired or to be acquired by reason of

     or as a result of the merger provided for by this Agreement, the

     proper officers and directors of each of the Constituent

     Corporations shall and will execute and deliver all such proper

     deeds, assignments and assurances in law and do all things

     necessary or proper so to vest, perfect or confirm title to such

     property in the Continuing Corporation and otherwise to carry out

     the purpose of this Agreement.


                                ARTICLE II

              Certificate of Incorporation of the Continuing
                               Corporation                  
              ----------------------------------------------
     

               The Certificate of Incorporation of the Constituent

     Corporation, Micro-Measurements, Inc., which is a Delaware

     corporation, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the

     Continuing Corporation, and all terms and provisions thereof are

     hereby incorporated in this Agreement of Merger with the same

     force and effect as if herein set forth in full.


                                ARTICLE III

                   By-Laws of the Continuing Corporation
                   -------------------------------------


               Until altered, amended or repealed as herein or therein

     provided, the By-Laws of the Continuing Corporation shall be the

     By-Laws of Micro-Measurements, Inc. as in effect on the date of

     this Agreement.

     

     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 95
                                ARTICLE IV

                  Directors of the Continuing Corporation
                  ---------------------------------------
     

               The number of directors of the Continuing Corporation

     shall be not less than three (3) and the Board of Directors may

     increase the number of directors at any time, as provided in the

     By-Laws of the Continuing Corporation.  Directors need not be

     stockholders.  Upon this merger's becoming effective, the Board

     of Directors of the Continuing Corporation shall be three (3) in

     number and shall consist of the individuals whose names and

     residences are as follows:

     
               Names                    Residences
               -----                    ----------

          Felix Zandman            335 Spring Mill Road,
                                   Villanova, Pennsylvania

          Ruth Zandman             335 Spring Mill Road,
                                   Villanova, Pennsylvania

          Franklin Feldman         15 West 81st Street,
                                   New York, New York

     
     Said persons shall be the directors of the Continuing Corporation

     from and after the date when this merger becomes effective and

     until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the

     Continuing Corporation and until their successors respectively

     are elected to qualify.  All persons who, at the time this merger

     becomes effective, shall be executive or administrative officers

     of Micro-Measurements, Inc. shall be and remain like officers of

     the Continuing Corporation until the first meeting of the Board

     of Directors of the Continuing Corporation.  A meeting of the

     Board of Directors of the Continuing Corporation shall be held as

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 96
     soon as practicable after this merger becomes effective and may

     be called in the manner provided in the By-Laws for the calling

     of Special Meetings of the Board of Directors to be held at the

     time and place specified in the notice.


                                 ARTICLE V

               Capitalization of the Continuing Corporation
               --------------------------------------------
     

               The capitalization of the Continuing Corporation upon

     the merger's becoming effective shall be as follows:


                                   Shares              Shares
               Class               Authorized          Outstanding
               -----               ----------          -----------
          Common Stock, par
            value $1 per share      100,000              2,000

     

                                ARTICLE VI

          Manner of Converting Shares of Constituent Corporations
          -------------------------------------------------------
     

               The manner of converting shares of stock of each of the

     Constituent Corporations shall be as follows:


               Upon the filing of this Agreement as required by law,

     each share of common stock of Vishay Instruments, Inc. shall be

     converted into one share of common stock of Micro-Measurements,

     Inc., and any stockholder of Vishay Instruments, Inc., upon the

     surrender to the Continuing Corporation for cancellation of one

     or more certificates evidencing shares of common stock of Vishay

     Instruments, Inc., shall be entitled to receive one or more

     certificates evidencing the number of shares of the Continuing

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 97
     Corporation evidenced by the certificates so surrendered for

     cancellation.

     
                                ARTICLE VII

                            Approval of Merger
                            ------------------
     

               This Agreement shall be submitted to the respective

     stockholders of the Constituent Corporations as provided by law

     and shall become effective only upon written consent to adoption

     by all of the stockholders of each Constituent Corporation

     entitled to vote upon the adoption of the Agreement, certifica-

     tion of such fact on the Agreement by the Secretary or an

     Assistant Secretary of each Constituent Corporation, under the

     seal of each, the proper execution and acknowledgment of this

     Agreement, and the filing of the same as required by law.  When

     such consent to the adoption of this Agreement is given and this

     Agreement is so certified, executed, acknowledged and filed, the

     separate evidence of Vishay Instruments, Inc. shall cease, and

     said corporation shall be merged with and into the Continuing

     Corporation, all in accordance with this Agreement.

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 98
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement of Merger has been

     signed by the directors, or a majority thereof, of each of the

     Constituent Corporations.


                              Directors of Vishay Instruments,
                                Inc.

                                   /s/ Felix Zandman
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Felix Zandman


                                   /s/ Ruth Zandman
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Ruth Zandman


                                   /s/ Franklin Feldman
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Franklin Feldman


                              Directors of Micro-Measurements,
                                Inc.

                              
                                   /s/ Felix Zandman          
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Felix Zandman


                                   /s/ Ruth Zandman           
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Ruth Zandman


                                   /s/ Franklin Feldman       
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Franklin Feldman

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 99

                   CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

                            OF

                   VISHAY INSTRUMENTS, INC.


               I, FRANKLIN FELDMAN, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that I am

     Secretary of Vishay Instruments, Inc., a Delaware corporation,

     and I DO FURTHER CERTIFY as follows:

     
               1.   The foregoing Agreement of Merger (hereinafter

     referred to as the "Agreement"), for the merger of said Vishay

     Instruments, Inc. into Micro-Measurements, Inc., a Delaware

     corporation, was made, signed and delivered by a majority of the

     Directors of said Vishay Instruments, Inc., after said Merger and

     the terms and provisions of said Agreement had been approved by

     said Directors at a meeting thereof duly held for the purpose of

     considering the same.


               2.   All of the stockholders entitled to vote upon the

     adoption of the Agreement consented in writing on April 9, 1966

     to the adoption of the Agreement.


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto sign my name as

     Secretary of said Vishay Instruments, Inc. and affix hereto its

     corporate seal this 9th day of April, 1966.


                                        /s/ Franklin Feldman
                              ---------------------------------------
                                             Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 100

                   CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

                            OF

                   MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.


               I, FRANKLIN FELDMAN, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that I am

     Secretary of Micro-Measurements, Inc., a Delaware corporation,

     and I DO FURTHER CERTIFY as follows:


               1.   The foregoing Agreement of Merger (hereinafter

     referred to as the "Agreement"), for the merger of Vishay

     Instruments, Inc. into said Micro-Measurements, Inc., a Delaware

     corporation, was made, signed and delivered by a majority of the

     Directors of said Micro-Measurements, Inc., after said Merger and

     the terms and provisions of said Agreement had been approved by

     said Directors at a meeting thereof duly held for the purpose of

     considering the same.

     
               2.   All of the stockholders entitled to vote upon the

     adoption of the Agreement consented in writing on April 9, 1966

     to the adoption of the Agreement.


               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto sign my name as

     Secretary of said Micro-Measurements, Inc., and affix hereto its

     corporate seal this 9th day of April, 1966.


                                        /s/ Franklin Feldman     
                              ---------------------------------------
                                             Secretary
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 101

               The foregoing Agreement of Merger having been duly

     adopted by the stockholders of each of the Corporations parties

     thereto, and the fact of the adoption thereof as aforesaid having

     been duly certified thereon by the Secretary of each of said

     Corporations, all in accordance with law, said Agreement of

     Merger is hereby signed by the President and Secretary of Vishay

     Instruments, Inc. and the Vice President and Secretary of Micro-

     Measurements, Inc. under the respective corporate seals of said

     Corporations this 9th day of April, 1966.


                                     /s/ Felix Zandman
                              ---------------------------------------
                              President of Vishay Instruments, Inc.
                                   (A Delaware corporation)


                                     /s/ Franklin Feldman           
                              ---------------------------------------
                              Secretary of Vishay Instruments, Inc.
                                   (A Delaware corporation)


                                     /s/ Ruth Zandman               
                              ---------------------------------------
                              Vice President of Micro-Measurements,
                                   Inc. (A Delaware corporation)


                                     /s/ Franklin Feldman          
                              ---------------------------------------
                              Secretary of Micro-Measurements, Inc.
                                   (A Delaware corporation)
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 102


                   ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF PRESIDENT

                               OF

                    VISHAY INSTRUMENTS, INC.
     

     STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA    )
                              ) SS.:
     COUNTY OF PHILA.         )

     
               I, George M. Laughlin, a Notary Public in and for said

     County and State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that FELIX ZANDMAN,

     the President of VISHAY INSTRUMENTS, INC., a Delaware

     corporation, who is personally known to me to be the person whose

     name is subscribed to the foregoing Agreement of Merger as such

     President, and who is personally known to me to be the President

     of said Corporation, appeared before me this day in person and

     acknowledged that he signed, sealed and delivered the said

     Agreement as his free and voluntary act, deed and agreement of

     said Corporation for the uses and purposes therein set forth; and

     further acknowledged said Agreement to be the act, deed and

     agreement of said Corporation.


               GIVEN under my hand and notarial seal this 9th day of

     April, 1966.


                                     /s/ George M. Laughlin   
                              ---------------------------------------
                                        Notary Public

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 103
                   ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF VICE PRESIDENT

                                OF

                     MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.


     STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA    )
                              ) SS.:
     COUNTY OF PHILA.         )

     
               I, George M. Laughlin, a Notary Public in and for said

     County and State aforesaid, DO HEREBY CERTIFY that RUTH ZANDMAN,

     the Vice President of MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC., a Delaware

     corporation, who is personally known to me to be the person whose

     name is subscribed to the foregoing Agreement of Merger as such

     Vice President, and who is personally known to me to be the Vice

     President of said Corporation, appeared before me this day in

     person and acknowledged that she signed, sealed and delivered the

     said Agreement as her free and voluntary act as such Vice

     President and as the free and voluntary act, deed and agreement

     of said Corporation for the uses and purposes therein set forth;

     and further acknowledged said Agreement to be the act, deed and

     agreement of said Corporation.

     
               GIVEN under my hand and notarial seal this 9th day of

     April, 1966.

     
                                     /s/ George M. Laughlin   
                              ---------------------------------------
                                        Notary Public
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 104
Certificate of Agreement of Merger of the "VISHAY INSTRUMENTS, INC.",
merging with and into the "MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.", under the name
"MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC.", as received and filed in this office the
thirteenth day of April, A.D. 1966, at 9 o'clock A.M.
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 105

STATE OF NEW YORK     )
                      :  ss.:
COUNTY OF NEW YORK    )


               BE IT REMEMBERED that on this 27th day of June, A.D.

     1962, personally came before me, a Notary Public for the State of

     New York, CHARLES B. HOCHMAN, CARL KANTER and FRANKLIN FELDMAN,

     all of the parties to the foregoing Certificate of Incorporation,

     known to me personally to be such, and severally acknowledged the

     said Certificate to be the act and deed of the signers

     respectively and that the facts therein stated are truly set

     forth.


               GIVEN under my hand and seal of office the day and year

     aforesaid.

                                    /s/ Nettie Rothstein   
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                          Notary Public
                                        Nettie Rothstein
                                  Notary Public, State of New York
                                          No. 24-3379250
                                      Qualified in Kings County
                                 Certificate filed in New York County
                                  Commission Expires March 30, 1963


<PAGE>
<PAGE> 106

                                 State of Delaware
                          Office of the Secretary of State

               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.", FILED IN 
     THIS OFFICE ON THE ELEVENTH DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 1972, AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067574
                                              DATE: 03-24-94
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 107

                   RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                     VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

     

               It is hereby certified that:


               1.   (a)  The present name of the Corporation

     (hereinafter called the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology,

     Inc.


                    (b)  The name under which the Corporation was

     originally incorporated is Micro-Measurements,Inc.; and the date

     of filing the original certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware

     is July 3, 1962.


               2.   The certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation is hereby amended by striking out Articles FIRST

     through THIRTEENTH thereof and by substituting in lieu thereof

     new Articles FIRST through ELEVENTH which are set forth in the

     Restated Certificate of Incorporation hereinafter provided for.


                    Each share of Common Stock of the par value of

     $1.00 per share, outstanding upon the effective date of this

     Restated Certificate of Incorporation, shall be reclassified as

     250 fully paid and non-assessable shares of the par value of $.10

     per share, which shares shall be included in the 5,000,000 shares

     of Common Stock authorized in this Restated Certificate of

     Incorporation.

     

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 108
               3.   The provisions of the certificate of incorporation

     of the Corporation as heretofore amended and/or supplemented, and

     as herein amended, are hereby restated and integrated into the

     single instrument which is hereinafter set forth, and which is

     entitled Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vishay

     Intertechnology, Inc.


               4.   The amendments and the restatement of the Restated

     Certificate of Incorporation have been duly adopted by the

     stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions

     of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the

     State of Delaware.


               5.   The capital of the Corporation will not be reduced

     under or by reason of any amendment herein certified.


               6.   The certificate of incorporation of the

     Corporation, as amended and restated herein, shall upon the

     effective date of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation read

     as follows:


                   RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                       VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

                             ___________
     

               FIRST:    The name of the Corporation (hereinafter

     called the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

     
               SECOND:   The address, including street, number, city,

     and county, of the registered office of the Corporation in the

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 109
     State of Delaware is 229 South State Street, City of Dover,

     County of Kent; and the name of the registered agent of the

     Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is The

     Prentice-Hall Corporation System, Inc.


               THIRD:    The purpose of the Corporation are to engage

     in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be

     organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
     

               FOURTH:   The total number of shares of stock which the

     Corporation shall have authority to issue is 6,000,000 shares, of

     which 1,000,000 shares, of the par value of $1 per share, shall

     be Preferred Stock, and 5,000,000 shares, of the par value of

     $.10 per share, shall be Common Stock.


               The designations, preferences and relative,

     participating, optional or other special rights and

     qualifications, limitations or restrictions of each class of

     stock are as follows:


               A.   The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more

     series and may be with such voting powers, full or limited, or

     without voting powers, and with such designations, preferences

     and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,

     and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall

     be fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority hereby

     expressly granted to it, and as shall be stated and expressed in

     the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 110
     stock adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority

     expressly vested in it by these provisions.


               B.   Any Preferred Stock or series thereof may be made

     subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or

     prices as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or

     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the

     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.


               C.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any series

     thereof shall be entitled to receive dividends at such rates, on

     such conditions and at such times as shall be stated and

     expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the

     issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as

     hereinabove provided, payable in preference to, or in such

     relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes

     of stock, or cumulative or noncumulative as shall be so stated

     and expressed.


               D.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any class or

     of any series thereof, shall be entitled to such rights upon the

     dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the

     Corporation as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or

     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the

     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.


               E.   Any Preferred Stock of any class or of any series

     thereof may be made convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares

     of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 111

     or of any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation, or

     shares of any class or series of stock of any other corporation,

     at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with

     such adjustments as shall be stated and expressed or provided for

     the issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as

     hereinabove provided.


               F.   Except as otherwise provided herein, by statute or

     by the resolutions providing for the issue of Preferred Stock

     specifically provided, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting

     power and the Common Stock shall have the sole right and power to

     vote on all matters on which a vote of stockholders is to be

     taken.  Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote and

     shall have one vote for each share thereof held.


               FIFTH:    The Corporation is to have perpetual

     existence.


               SIXTH:    Whenever a compromise or arrangement is

     proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class

     of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or

     any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the

     State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of

     this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on

     the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this

     Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of the General

     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or on the application of

     trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed

     for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 112
     General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware order a meeting

     of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the

     stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the

     case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court

     directs.  If a majority in number representing three-fourths in

     value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the

     stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the

     case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any

     reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such

     compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and

     the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to

     which the said application has been made, be binding on all the

     creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders

     or class of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may

     be, and also on this Corporation.


               SEVENTH:  For the management of the business and for

     the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further

     definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the

     Corporation and of its directors and stockholders, or any class

     thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided:


               1.   The power to make, alter, or repeal the

               By-Laws of the Corporation, and to adopt any

               new By-Laws, except a By-Law classifying

               directors for election for staggered terms,

               shall be vested in the Board of Directors,

               provided that the Board of Directors may

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 113
               delegate such power, in whole or in part, to

               the stockholders.


                    2.   Whenever the Corporation shall be

               authorized to issue more than one class of

               stock, one or more of which is denied voting

               power, no outstanding share of any class of

               stock which is denied voting power under the

               provisions of the Certificate of

               Incorporation shall entitle the holder

               thereof to notice of, and the right to vote

               at any meeting of stockholders except as the

               provisions of paragraph (c)(2) of section 242

               of the General Corporation Law and of

               sections 251 and 252 of the General

               Corporation Law shall otherwise require;

               provided, that no share of any such class

               which is otherwise denied voting power shall

               entitle the holder thereof to vote upon the

               increase or decrease in the number of

               authorized shares of said class.


                    3.   In lieu of taking any permissive or

               requisite action by vote at a meeting of

               stockholders, any such vote and any such

               meeting may be dispensed with if either all

               of the stockholders entitled to vote upon the

               action at any such meeting shall consent in

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 114
               writing to any such corporate action being

               taken or if less than all of the stockholders

               entitled to vote upon the action at any such

               meeting shall consent in writing to any such

               corporate action being taken; provided, that

               any such action taken upon less than the

               unanimous written consent of all stockholders

               entitled to vote upon any such action shall

               be by the written consent of the stockholders

               holding at least the minimum percentage of

               the votes required to be cast to authorize

               any such action under the provisions of the

               General Corporation Law or under the provi-

               sions of the Certificate of Incorporation or

               the By-Laws as permitted by the provisions of

               the General Corporation Law; and, provided,

               that prompt notice of the taking of the

               corporate action without a meeting by less

               than unanimous consent shall be given to

               those stockholders who have not consented in

               writing.


                    4.   No election of directors need be by

               written ballot.


               EIGHTH:  No contract or transaction between the

     Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or

     between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership,

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 115
     association, or other organization in which one or more of its

     directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a

     financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this

     reason, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such

     purpose, if:


               (a)  The material facts as to his relationship or

     interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or

     are known to the Board of Directors or the Committee, and the

     Board or Committee in good faith authorizes the contract or

     transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the

     disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors

     be less than a quorum; or,


               (b)  The material facts as to his relationship or

     interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or

     are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the

     contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by

     vote of the stockholders; or,


               (c)  The contract or transaction is fair as to the

     Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or

     ratified, by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the

     stockholders.


               Common or interested directors may be counted in

     determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of

     Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or

     transaction.

     

     

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 116
               NINTH:  Every person (and the heirs, executors and

     administrators of such person) who is or was a director, officer,

     employee or agent of the Corporation or of any other company,

     including another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust

     or other enterprise which such person serves or served as such at

     the request of the Corporation shall be indemnified by the

     Corporation against all judgments, payments in settlement

     (whether or not approved by court), fines, penalties and other

     reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements

     of counsel) imposed upon or incurred by such person in connection

     with or resulting from any action, suit, proceeding, investiga-

     tion or claim, civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or

     other (including any criminal action, suit or proceeding in which

     such person enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere or its

     equivalent), or any appeal relating thereto, which is brought or

     threatened either by or in the right of the Corporation or such

     other company (herein called a "derivative action") or by any

     other person, governmental authority or instrumentality (herein

     called a "third-party action") and in which such person is made a

     party or is otherwise involved by reason of his being or having

     been such director, officer, employee, or agent of by reason of

     any action or omission, or alleged action or omission by such

     person in his capacity as such director, officer, employee or

     agent if either (a) such person is wholly successful, on the

     merits or otherwise, in defending such derivative or third-party

     action or (b) in the judgment of a court of competent jurisdic-

     tion or, in the absence of such a determination, in the judgment

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 117
     of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors of the

     Corporation (which quorum shall not include any director who is a

     party to or is otherwise involved in such action) or, in the

     absence of such a disinterested quorum, in the opinion of

     independent legal counsel (i) in the case of a derivative action,

     such person acted without negligence or misconduct in the

     performance of his duty to the corporation or such other company

     or (ii) in the case of a third-party action, such person acted in

     good faith in what he reasonably believed to be the best interest

     of the corporation or such other company, and, in addition, in

     any criminal action, had no reasonable cause to believe that his

     action was unlawful; provided that, in the case of a derivative

     action, such indemnification shall not be made in respect of any

     payment to the Corporation or such other company or any stock-

     holder thereof in satisfaction of judgment or in settlement

     unless either (x) a court of competent jurisdiction has approved

     such settlement, if any, and the reimbursement of such payment or

     (y) if the court in which such action has been instituted lacks

     jurisdiction to grant such approval or such action is settled

     before the institution of judicial proceedings, in the opinion of

     independent legal counsel the applicable standard of conduct

     specified in the preceding sentence has been met, such action was

     without substantial merit, such settlement was in the best

     interests of the corporation or such other company and the

     reimbursement of such payment is permissible under applicable

     law.  In case such person is successful, on the merits or

     otherwise, in defending part of such action or, in the judgment

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 118
     of such a court or such quorum of the Board of Directors or in

     the opinion of such counsel, has met the applicable standard of

     conduct specified in the preceding sentence with respect to part

     of such action, he shall be indemnified by the Corporation

     against the judgments, settlements, payments, fines, penalties

     and other costs and expenses attributable to such part of such

     action.


               The foregoing rights of indemnification shall be in

     addition to any rights to which any such director, officer,

     employee, or agent may otherwise be entitled under the

     Certificate of Incorporation, any agreement or vote of stock-

     holders or at law or in equity or otherwise.


               In any case in which, in the judgment of a majority of

     such a disinterested quorum of the Board of Directors, any such

     director, officer or employee will be entitled to indemnification

     under the foregoing provisions of this Article, such amounts as

     they deem necessary to cover the reasonable costs and expenses

     incurred by such person in connection with the action, suit,

     proceeding, investigation or claim prior to final disposition

     thereof may be advanced to such person upon receipt of an

     undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amounts

     if it is ultimately determined that he is not so entitled to

     indemnification.
     

               TENTH:  The Corporation may purchase and maintain

     insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director,

     officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 119
     serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,

     employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint

     venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted

     against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising

     out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would

     have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the

     provisions of Article NINTH.


               ELEVENTH:  From time to time any of the provisions of

     this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered or

     repealed, and other provisions authorized by the laws of the

     State of Delaware at the time in force may be added or inserted

     in the manner and at the time prescribed by said law, and all

     rights at any time conferred upon the stockholders of the

     Corporation by this Certificate of Incorporation are granted

     subject to the provisions of this Article ELEVENTH.


     Signed and attested to on December 6, 1972.


                                        /s/ Felix Zandman        
                                    ---------------------------------
                                        President


     Attest:
     

       /s/ Robert A. Freece    
    -----------------------------
          Treasurer


       /s/ Franklin Feldman    
    -----------------------------
          Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 120

                             State of Delaware
                      Office of the Secretary of State


               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "MICRO-MEASURMENTS, INC.", CHANGING
     ITS NAME FROM "MICRO-MEASURMENTS, INC." TO "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.",
     FILED IN THIS OFFICE THE TWENTIETH DAY OF MAY, A.D. 1966, AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067575
                                              DATE: 03-24-94



<PAGE>
<PAGE> 121
                   CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

                            OF

                 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                            OF

                   MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC. 

     (Pursuant to Section 242 of Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware

     Code)
                          _____________________
     

               MICRO-MEASUREMENTS, INC. (hereinafter called the

     "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under and by

     virtue of Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware Code, does hereby

     certify as follows:
     

               FIRST:    That, upon the unanimous written consent of

     the holders of all of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to

     vote of the above corporation, which consent was given pursuant

     to the provisions of Section 228 of Title 8, Chapter 1 of the

     Delaware Code, the following amendment of the Certificate of

     Incorporation of the corporation has been duly adopted in

     accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of Title 8, Chapter

     1 of the Delaware Code:


               By striking out Article FIRST thereof in its entirety,

     and by substituting in lieu thereof a new Article FIRST to read

     as follows:


               "The name of the Corporation (hereinafter called the

     Corporation) is VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC."     
     

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Micro-Measurements, Inc.

     has made under its corporate seal and signed by Ruth Zandman, its

     Vice-President and Franklin Feldman, its Secretary, the foregoing

     certificate and the said Ruth Zandman, as Vice-President and the

     said Franklin Feldman, as Secretary have hereunto respectively

     set their hands and caused the corporate seal of the corporation

     to be affixed this 10th day of May, 1966.

                                        /s/ Ruth Zandman       
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Ruth Zandman, Vice-President

                                        /s/ Franklin Feldman
                              ---------------------------------------
                                   Franklin Feldman, Secretary
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 122

STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA    )
                         ) SS.:
COUNTY OF CHESTER        )

     
               BE IT REMEMBERED, that on this 12th day of May, 1966,

     personally came before me, John R. Blackburn, Jr., Justice of the

     Peace, in and for the County and State aforesaid, duly

     commissioned and sworn to take acknowledgment or proof of deeds,

     RUTH ZANDMAN, Vice-President of Micro-Measurements, Inc., a

     corporation of the State of Delaware, the corporation described

     in the foregoing Certificate, known to me personally to be such

     and be the said RUTH ZANDMAN, as such Vice-President, duly

     executed said certificate before me, and acknowledged the said

     Certificate to be her act and deed and made on behalf of said

     corporation that the signatures of said Vice-President and of the

     Secretary to said foregoing certificate of amendment are in the

     handwriting of the said Vice-President and Secretary of said

     corporation, respectively, and that the seal affixed to said

     certificate is the common or corporate seal of said corporation,

     and that his act of sealing, executing, acknowledging and

     delivering the said Certificate was duly authorized by the

     stockholders of said corporation.

     

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand the day

     and year aforesaid.

     

                                        /s/ John R. Blackburn, Jr.  
                              ---------------------------------------
                                         Notary Public


<PAGE>
<PAGE> 123
                      State of Delaware
               Office of the Secretary of State

               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.", FILED IN
     THIS OFFICE ON THE THIRD DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 1985, AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067573
                                              DATE: 03-24-94

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 124

      CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                    of
                       VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.

               It is hereby certified that:

               6.   The name of the corporation (hereinafter called
     the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
     
               7.   The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
     Corporation is hereby amended by striking out the first sentence
     of Article Fourth thereof and by substituting in lieu of said
     sentence of said Article the following new sentence:

               "The total number of shares of stock which
               the Corporation shall have authority to issue
               is 16,000,000 shares, of which 1,000,000
               shares, of the par value of $1 per share,
               shall be Preferred Stock, and 15,000,000
               shares, of the par value of $0.10 per share,
               shall be Common Stock."

               8.   The amendment of the Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation herein certified has been duly adopted in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General
     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
     Signed and attested to on November 26, 1985.
                    
                                         /s/ Robert A. Freece
                                     ------------------------------
                                        Robert A. Freece
                                        Vice President
     
     Attest:
          /s/ William J. Spires
     ------------------------------
         William J. Spires
         Secretary
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 125
               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.",
     FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE SIXTEENTH DAY OF JANUARY, A.D. 1987, 
     AT 12 O'CLOCK A.M.

                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State
                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067572
                                              DATE: 03-24-94
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 126
                   CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                           OF
            RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                           OF
                VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
     
               It is hereby certified that:

               1)   The name of the Corporation (hereinafter called
     the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.

               2)   To accomplish the foregoing Amendment, Articles
     Fourth and Ninth of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
     relating to the authorization to issue stock and their relative
     rights, privileges and limitations, and Director Liability and
     Indemnification, are hereby stricken out in their entirety, and
     the following new Articles are substituted in lieu thereof:
     
               FOURTH:  Section 1.  Classes and Number of Shares.  The
     total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
     Corporation shall have authority to issue is 31,000,000 shares. 
     The classes and the aggregate number of shares of stock of each
     class which the Corporation shall have authority to issue are as
     follows:

                    (i)  15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.10
               par value per share (hereinafter the "Common
               Stock");

                     (ii) 15,000,000 shares of Class B Common
               Stock, $0.10 par value per share (hereinafter the
               "Class B Stock"); and

                    (iii) 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock,
               $1.00 par value per share, with such rights,
               privileges, restrictions and preferences as the
               Board of Directors may authorize from time to time
               (hereinafter the "Preferred Stock").

               Section 2.  Powers and Rights of the Common Stock and
     the Class B Stock.

               A.  Voting Rights and Powers.
     
                    (i)  With respect to all matters upon which
               shareholders are entitled to vote or to which
               shareholders are entitled to give consent, every
               holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 127
               vote in person or by proxy for each share of
               Common Stock standing in his name on the transfer
               books of the Corporation and every holder of Class
               B Stock shall be entitled to ten votes in person
               or by proxy for each share of Class B Stock
               standing in his name on the transfer books of the
               Corporation.
     
                    (ii) Except as otherwise provided herein and
               as may be otherwise required by law, the provi-
               sions of these Amended and Restated Articles of
               Incorporation shall not be modified, revised,
               altered or amended, repealed or rescinded in whole
               or in part, unless authorized by a majority of the
               votes of the outstanding shares of stock of the
               Corporation entitled to vote, with each share of
               Common Stock and each share of Class B Stock
               having the number of votes per share set forth in
               clause (i) of this paragraph A.
     
                    (iii) Following the initial issuance of shares
               of Class B Stock, the Corporation may not effect
               the issuance of any additional shares of Class B
               Stock (except in connection with stock splits and
               stock dividends) unless and until such issuance is
               authorized by the holders of a majority of the
               outstanding shares of Common Stock of the
               Corporation entitled to vote, and by the holders
               of a majority of the shares of the outstanding
               shares of Class B Stock entitled to vote, each
               class voting separately.
     
                    (iv) Except as provided in paragraph A(iii)
               and paragraph D of this Section 2 and as may be
               otherwise required by law, the holders of Common
               Stock and Class B Stock shall vote together as a
               single class, subject to any voting rights which
               may be granted to holders of Preferred Stock.
     
               B.  Dividends and Distributions.  Subject to the rights
     of the holders of Preferred Stock, and subject to any other
     provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation as amended from time to time, holders of Common
     Stock and Class B Stock shall be entitled to such dividends and
     other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Corporation
     as may be declared thereon by the Board of Directors from time to
     time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available
     therefor, provided that in the case of dividends or other
     distributions payable in stock of the Corporation other than the
     Preferred Stock, including distributions pursuant to stock split-
     ups, divisions or combinations, which occur after the date shares
     of Class B Stock are first issued by the Corporation, only shares
     of Common Stock shall be distributed with respect to Common Stock
     and only shares of Class B Stock shall be distributed with
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 128
     respect to Class B Stock.  In no event will shares of either
     Common Stock or Class B Stock be split, divided or combined
     unless the other is also split, divided or combined equally.
     
               C.  Other Rights.  Except as otherwise required by the
     Delaware General Corporation Law or as otherwise provided in this
     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, each share of
     Common Stock and each share of Class B Stock shall have identical
     powers, preferences and rights, including rights in liquidation.
     
               D.  Transfer.
     
                    (i)  No person holding shares of Class B Stock of
               record (hereinafter called a "Class B Holder") may
               transfer, and the Corporation shall not register the
               transfer of, such shares of Class B Stock, whether by
               sale, assignment, gift, bequest, appointment or
               otherwise, except to a "Permitted Transferee."  A
               "Permitted Transferee" shall mean, with respect to each
               person from time to time shown as the record holder of
               shares of Class B Stock:
     
                         (a)  In the case of a Class B Holder who is a
                    natural person,
     
                              (1)  The spouse of such Class B Holder,
                         any lineal descendant of a great grandparent
                         of either the Class B Holder or the spouse of
                         the Class B Holder, including adopted
                         children;
     
                              (2)  The trustee of a trust (whether
                         testamentary, intervivos or a voting trust)
                         principally for the benefit of such Class B
                         Holder and/or one or more of his Permitted
                         Transferees described in each subclause of
                         this clause (a);
     
                              (3)  Any organization to which
                         contributions are deductible for federal
                         income, estate or gift tax purposes or any
                         split-interest trust described in Section
                         4947 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                         it may from time to time be amended (herein-
                         after called a "Charitable Organization");
     
                              (4)  A corporation, of which outstanding
                         capital stock entitled to a majority of the
                         votes in the election of directors is owned
                         beneficially solely by, or a partnership, of
                         which a majority of the partnership interests
                         entitled to participate in the management of
                         the partnership is owned beneficially solely
                         by, the Class B Holder and/or one or more of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 129
                         his or her Permitted Transferees determined
                         under this clause (a), provided that if by
                         reason of any change in the ownership of such
                         stock or partnership interests, such corpo-
                         ration or partnership would no longer qualify
                         as a Permitted Transferee, all shares of
                         Class B Stock then held by such corporation
                         or partnership shall be converted auto-
                         matically into shares of Common Stock
                         effective upon the date of such change in
                         ownership of such stock or partnership
                         interests, and stock certificates formerly
                         representing such shares of Class B Stock
                         shall thereupon and thereafter be deemed to
                         represent the like number of shares of Common
                         Stock; and
     
                              (5)  The estate of such Class B Holder.
     
                         (b)  In the case of a Class B Holder holding
                    the shares of Class B Stock in question as trustee
                    pursuant to a trust (other than pursuant to a
                    trust described in clause (f) below), "Permitted
                    Transferee" means (1) any person transferring
                    Class B Stock to such trust and (2) any Permitted
                    Transferee of any such transferor determined
                    pursuant to clause (a) above.
     
                         (c)  In the case of a Class B Holder which is
                    a Charitable Organization holding record and
                    beneficial ownership of the shares of Class B
                    Stock in question, "Permitted Transferee" means
                    any Class B Holder.
     
                         (d)  In the case of a Class B Holder which is
                    a corporation or partnership (other than a
                    Charitable Organization) acquiring record and
                    beneficial ownership of the shares of Class B
                    Stock in question upon its initial issuance by the
                    Corporation, "Permitted Transferee" means (1) a
                    partner of such partnership or shareholder of such
                    corporation at the time of issuance, and (2) any
                    Permitted Transferee (determined pursuant to
                    clause (a) above) of any such partner or share-
                    holder referred to in subclause (1) of this clause
                    (d).
     
                         (e)  In the case of a Class D Holder which is
                    a corporation or partnership (other than a
                    Charitable Organization or a corporation or
                    partnership described in clause (d) above) holding
                    record and beneficial ownership of the shares of
                    Class B Stock in question, "Permitted Transferee"
                    means (1) any person transferring such shares of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 130
                    Class B Stock to such corporation or partnership
                    and (2) any Permitted Transferee of any such
                    transferor determined under clause (a) above.
     
                         (f)  In the case of a Class B Holder holding
                    the shares of Class B Stock in question as trustee
                    pursuant to a trust which was irrevocable at the
                    time of issuance of the Class B Stock, "Permitted
                    Transferee" means (1) any person to whom or for
                    whose benefit principal may be distributed either
                    during or at the end of the term of such trust
                    whether by power of appointment or otherwise and
                    (2) any Permitted Transferee of any such person
                    determined pursuant to clause (a) above.
     
                         (g)  In the case of a Class B Holder which is
                    the estate of a deceased Class B Holder or which
                    is the estate of a bankrupt or insolvent Class B
                    Holder, which holds record and beneficial owner-
                    ship of the shares of Class B Stock in question,
                    "Permitted Transferee" means a Permitted
                    Transferee of such deceased, bankrupt or insolvent
                    Class B Holder as determined pursuant to clause
                    (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above, as the case
                    may be.
     
                         (h)  Any Class B Holder may transfer all or
                    any part of such holder's Class B Stock to any
                    Class B Holder which, at the time of such
                    transfer, owns not less than 50,000 shares of
                    Class B Stock (as adjusted for stock splits and
                    stock dividends); provided, however, that such
                    proposed transfer shall be authorized by the
                    holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
                    Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
                    and by the holders of a majority of the outstand-
                    ing shares of Class B Stock entitled to vote, each
                    Class voting separately.
     
                    (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
               forth herein, any Class B Holder may pledge such
               holder's shares of Class B Stock to a pledgee pursuant
               to a bona fide pledge of such shares as collateral
               security for indebtedness due to the pledgee, provided
               that such shares shall remain subject to the provisions
               of this Paragraph D.  In the event of foreclosure or
               other similar action by the pledgee, such pledged
               shares of Class B Stock may (a) be transferred only to
               a Permitted Transferee of the pledgor or (b) converted
               into shares of Common Stock and transferred to the
               pledgee, as the pledgee may elect.
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 131
              (iii) For purposes of this Paragraph D:
     
                         (a)  The relationship of any person that is
                    derived by or through legal adoption shall be
                    considered a natural one.
     
                         (b)  Each joint owner of shares of Class B
                    Stock shall be considered a "Class B Holder" of
                    such shares.
     
                         (c)  A minor for whom shares of Class B Stock
                    are held pursuant to a Uniform Gifts to Minors Act
                    or similar law shall be considered a Class B
                    Holder of such shares.
     
                         (d)  Unless otherwise specified, the term
                    "person" means both natural persons and legal
                    entities.
     
                         (e)  Each reference to a corporation shall
                    include any successor corporation resulting from
                    merger or consolidation; and each reference to a
                    partnership shall include any successor partner-
                    ship resulting from the death or withdrawal of a
                    partner.
     
                    (iv) Any transfer of shares of Class B Stock not
               permitted hereunder shall result in the conversion of
               the transferee's shares of Class B Stock into shares of
               Common Stock, effective the date on which certificates
               representing such shares are presented for transfer on
               the books of the Corporation.  The Corporation may, in
               connection with preparing a list of shareholders
               entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders, or as
               a condition to the transfer or the registration of
               shares of Class B Stock on the Corporation's books,
               require the furnishing of such affidavits or other
               proof as it deems necessary to establish that any
               person is the beneficial owner of shares of Class B
               Stock or is a Permitted Transferee.
     
                    (v)  If at any time the number of outstanding
               shares of Class B Stock as reflected on the stock
               transfer books of the Corporation falls below 300,000
               shares, or such higher number as results from adjust-
               ments for stock splits or stock dividends, the
               outstanding shares of Class B Stock shall automatically
               be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and
               certificates formerly representing outstanding shares
               of Class B Stock shall thereupon and thereafter
               represent the like number of shares of Common Stock.
     
                    (vi) Shares of Class B Stock shall be registered
               in the names of the beneficial owners thereof and not
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 132
               in "street" or "nominee" names.  Notwithstanding the
               foregoing, trusts may transfer shares into nominee
               name.  The Corporation shall note on the certificates
               for shares of Class B Stock the restrictions on
               transfer and registration of transfer imposed by this
               Paragraph D.
     
                    (vii) The term "beneficial ownership" and
               derivations thereof shall have the same meaning given
               thereto under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
               amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and
               regulations promulgated thereunder.
     
               E.  Conversion Rights.
     
                    (i)  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
               Paragraph E, each share of Class B Stock shall be
               convertible at any time or from time to time, at the
               option of the respective holder thereof, at the office
               of any transfer agent for Common Stock, and at such
               other place or places, if any, as the Board of
               Directors may designate, into one (1) fully-paid and
               nonassessable share of Common Stock.  In order to
               convert Class B Stock into Common Stock, the holder
               thereof shall (a) surrender the certificate or
               certificates for such Class B Stock at the office of
               said transfer agent (or other place as provided above),
               which certificate or certificates, if this Corporation
               shall so request, shall be duly endorsed to the
               Corporation or in blank or accompanied by proper
               instruments of transfer to the Corporation (such
               endorsements or instruments of transfer to be in form
               satisfactory to the Corporation), and (b) give written
               notice to the Corporation that such holder elects to
               convert said Class B Stock, which notice shall state
               the name or names in which such holder wishes the
               certificate or certificates for Common Stock to be
               issued.  The Corporation will issue and deliver at the
               office of said transfer agent (or other place as
               provided above) to the person for whose account such
               Class B Stock was so surrendered, or to his nominee or
               nominees, a certificate or certificates for the number
               of full shares of Common Stock to which such holder
               shall be entitled as soon as practicable after such
               deposit of a certificate or certificates of Class B
               Stock, accompanied by the requisite written notice. 
               Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made as of
               the date of such surrender of the Class B Stock to be
               converted; and the persons entitled to receive the
               Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Class B
               Stock shall be treated for all purposes as the record
               holder or holders of such Common Stock on such date.
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 133
                    (ii) The issuance of certificates for shares of
               Common Stock upon conversion of shares of Class B Stock
               shall be made without charge for any stamp or other
               similar tax in respect of such issuance.  However, if
               any such certificate is to be issued in a name other
               than that of the holder of the share or shares of
               Class B Stock converted, the person or persons
               requesting the issuance thereof shall pay to the
               Corporation the amount of any tax which may be payable
               in respect of any transfer involved in such issuance or
               shall establish to the satisfaction of the Corporation
               that such tax has been paid or is not required to be
               paid.
     
                    (iii) The Corporation covenants that it will at all
               times reserve and keep available, solely for the
               purpose of issue upon conversion of the outstanding
               shares of Class B Stock, such number of shares of
               Common Stock as shall be issuable upon the conversion
               of all such outstanding shares.
     
               Section 3.  Preferred Stock.
     
               A.   The Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more
     series and may be with such voting powers, full or limited, or
     without voting powers, and with such designations, preferences
     and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,
     and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall
     be fixed by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority hereby
     expressly granted to it, and as shall be stated and expressed in
     the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such
     stock adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant to authority
     expressly vested in it by these provisions.
     
               B.   Any Preferred Stock or series thereof may be made
     subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or
     prices as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or
     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the
     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.
     
               C.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any series
     thereof shall be entitled to receive dividends at such rates, on
     such conditions and at such times as shall be stated and
     expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the
     issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as
     hereinabove provided, payable in preference to, or in such
     relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes
     of stock, or cumulative or noncumulative as shall be so stated
     and expressed.
     
               D.   The holders of Preferred Stock or of any class or
     of any series thereof, shall be entitled to such rights upon the
     dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the
     Corporation as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 134

     resolutions providing for the issue of such stock adopted by the
     Board of Directors as hereinabove provided.
     
               E.   Subject to Section 2A(iii) of this Article Four,
     any Preferred Stock of any class or of any series thereof may be
     made convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other
     class or classes or of any other series of the same or of any
     other class or classes of stock of the Corporation, or shares of
     any class or series of stock of any other Corporation, at such
     price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such
     adjustments as shall be stated and expressed or provided for the
     issue of such stock adopted by the Board of Directors as herein-
     above provided.
     
               Section 4.  Issuance of Common Stock, Class B Stock and
     Preferred Stock.  The Board of Directors of the Corporation may
     from time to time authorize by resolution the issuance of any or
     all shares of the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock and, subject
     to Section 2A(iii) of this Article Four, the Class B Stock,
     herein authorized in accordance with the terms and conditions set
     forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate or Incorporation
     for such purposes, in such amounts, to such persons, corpo-
     rations, or entities, for such consideration, and in the case of
     the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, all as the Board of
     Directors in its discretion may determine and without any vote or
     other action by the shareholders, except as otherwise required by
     law.  Except for the payment of one stock dividend to holders of
     Common Stock within 120 days of the effective date of this
     amendment (which 120-day period may be extended by the Board of
     Directors), at any time shares of Class B Stock are outstanding,
     the Board of Directors may not issue shares of Common Stock in
     the form of a distribution or distributions pursuant to a stock
     dividend or split-up, division or combination of the shares of
     Common Stock except where such shares are issuable both (i) only
     to the holders of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock and
     (ii) only in conjunction with and in the same ratio as a stock
     dividend or split-up, division or combination of the shares of
     Class B Stock.
     
               NINTH:  Every person (and the heirs, executors and
     administrators of such person) who is or was a director, officer,
     employee or agent of the Corporation or of any other company,
     including another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
     or other enterprise which such person serves or served as such at
     the request of the Corporation shall be indemnified by the
     Corporation against all judgments, payments in settlement
     (whether or not approved by court), fines, penalties and other
     reasonable costs and expenses (including fees and disbursements
     of counsel) imposed upon or incurred by such person in connection
     with or resulting from any action, suit, proceeding, investiga-
     tion or claim, civil, criminal, administrative, legislative or
     other (including any criminal action, suit or proceeding in which
     such person enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere or its
     equivalent), or any appeal relating thereto, which is brought or
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 135

     threatened either by or in the right of the Corporation or such
     other company (herein called a "derivative action") or by any
     other person, governmental authority or instrumentality (herein
     called a "third-party action") and in which such person is made a
     party or is otherwise involved by reason of his being or having
     been such director, officer, employee or agent or by reason of
     any action or omission, or alleged action or omission by such
     person in his capacity as such director, officer, employee or
     agent if either (a) such person is wholly successful, on the
     merits or otherwise, in defending such derivative or third-party
     action or (b) in the judgment of a court of competent jurisdic-
     tion or, in the absence of such a determination, in the judgment
     of a majority of a quorum of the Board of Directors of the
     Corporation (which quorum shall not include any director who is a
     party to or is otherwise involved in such action) or, in the
     absence of such a disinterested quorum, in the opinion of
     independent legal counsel (i) in the case of a derivative action,
     such person acted in good faith in what he reasonably believed to
     be the best interest of the Corporation and was not adjudged
     liable to the Corporation or such other company or (ii) in the
     case of a third-party action, such person acted in good faith in
     what he reasonably believed to be the best interest of the
     Corporation or such other company, and, in addition, in any
     criminal action, had no reasonable cause to believe that his
     action was unlawful; provided that, in the case of a derivative
     action, such indemnification shall not be made in respect of any
     payment to the Corporation or such other company or any stock-
     holder thereof in satisfaction of judgment or in settlement
     unless either (x) a court of competent jurisdiction has approved
     such settlement, if any, and the reimbursement of such payment or
     (y) if the court in which such action has been instituted lacks
     jurisdiction to grant such approval or such action is settled
     before the institution of judicial proceedings, in the opinion of
     independent legal counsel the applicable standard of conduct
     specified in the preceding sentence has been met, such action was
     without substantial merit, such settlement was in the best
     interests of the corporation or such other company and the
     reimbursement of such payment is permissible under applicable
     law.  In case such person is successful, on the merits or other-
     wise, in defending part of such action or, in the judgment of
     such a court or such quorum of the Board of Directors or in the
     opinion of such counsel, has met the applicable standard of
     conduct specified in the preceding sentence with respect to part
     of such action, he shall be indemnified by the Corporation
     against the judgments, settlements, payments, fines, penalties
     and other costs and expenses attributable to such part of such
     action.
     
               The directors may authorize the advancement of such
     amounts necessary to cover the reasonable costs and expenses
     incurred by any director, officer or employee in connection with
     the action, suit, proceeding, investigation or claim prior to
     final disposition thereof to the extent permitted under Delaware
     law.
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 136

               The foregoing rights of indemnification and advancement
     of expenses shall be in addition to any rights to which any such
     director, officer, employee, or agent may otherwise be entitled
     under the Certificate of Incorporation, any agreement or vote of
     stockholders or at law or in equity or otherwise.
     
               No director shall have any personal liability to the
     Corporation or its stockholders for any monetary damages for
     breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except that this Article
     shall not eliminate or limit the liability of each director
     (i) for any breach of such director's duty of loyalty to the
     Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not
     in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
     knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware
     General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which
     such director derived an improper personal benefit.  This Article
     shall not eliminate or limit the liability of such director for
     any act or omission occurring prior to the date when this Article
     becomes effective.
     
               3.   The amendment of the Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation herein certified has been duly adopted in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General
     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
     Signed and attested to on January 14, 1987.
     
     
                                        /s/ Robert A. Freece
                              ---------------------------------------
                                        Robert A. Freece,
                                        Vice President    
     
      Attest:
     
     
     /s/ William J. Spires
    ------------------------
     William J. Spires,
     Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 137
                              State of Delaware
                       Office of the Secretary of State

               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT OF "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.",
     FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE SEVENTH DAY OF DECEMBER, A.D. 1988, 
     AT 10 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067571
                                              DATE: 03-24-94




<PAGE>
<PAGE> 138

                   CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
     
                            OF
     
            RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
     
                            OF
     
               VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
     
          ______________________________________
     
     
     
               It is hereby certified that:
     
               1.   The name of the corporation (hereinafter called
     the "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
     
               2.   The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
     Corporation, as amended, is hereby further amended by striking
     out the first section of Article Fourth thereof and by
     substituting the following section in lieu thereof:
     
                    FOURTH:   Section 1.  Classes and Number
               of Shares.  The total number of shares of all
               classes of stock which the Corporation shall
               have authority to issue is 41,000,000 shares. 
               The classes and the aggregate number of
               shares of stock of each class which the
               Corporation shall have authority to issue are
               as follows:
     
                    (i)  25,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
               $0.10 par value per share (hereinafter the
               "Common Stock");
     
                   (ii)  15,000,000 shares of Class B Common
               Stock, $0.10 par value per share (hereinafter
               the "Class B Stock"); and
     
                  (iii)  1,000,000 shares of Preferred
               Stock, $1.00 par value per share, with such
               rights, privileges, restrictions and
               preferences as the Board of Directors may
               authorize from time to time (hereinafter the
               "Preferred Stock").
     
               3.   The Amendment of the Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation, as amended, herein certified has been duly adopted
     in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General
     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 139

     Signed and attested to on November 30, 1988.
     
     
     
                                        /s/ Robert A. Freece
                              ---------------------------------------
                                       Robert A. Freece
                                       Vice President
     
     
     Attest:
     
     
      /s/ William J. Spires
    ---------------------------  
     William J. Spires
     Secretary

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 140
                              State of Delaware
                      Office of the Secretary of State

               I, WILLIAM T. QUILLEN, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF
     DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED IS A TRUE AND CORRECT COPY OF
     THE CERTIFICATE OF AMEMNDMENT OF "VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.",
     FILED IN THIS OFFICE ON THE NINETEENTH DAY OF MAY, A.D. 1993, 
     AT 9 O'CLOCK A.M.


                                         /s/ William T. Quillen
                   SEAL                 --------------------------------------
                                        William T. Quillen, Secretary of State

                                    AUTHENTICATION: 7067570
                                              DATE: 03-24-94
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1(B)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 141
                                                      EXHIBIT 3.1
     
     
     
                         CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                    OF 
                           RESTATED CERTIFICATE
                             OF INCORPORATION
                                    OF
                       VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
     
     
     
               It is hereby certified that:
     
               1.  The name of the corporation (hereinafter called the
     "Corporation") is Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
     
               2.  The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
     Corporation, as amended, is hereby further amended by striking
     out the first paragraph of Article Fourth thereof and by
     substituting in lieu of said paragraph of said Article the
     following new paragraph:
     
     
               "FOURTH:  Section 1. Classes and Number of
               Shares.  The total number of shares of all
               classes of stock which the Corporation shall
               have authority to issue is 51,000,000 shares. 
               The classes and the aggregate number of
               shares of stock of each class which the
               Corporation shall have authority to issue are
               as follows:
     
                      (i)  35,000,000 shares of Common
               Stock, $0.10 par value per share (hereinafter
               the "Common Stock");
     
                     (ii)  15,000,000 shares of Class B
               Common Stock, $0.10 par value per share
               (hereinafter the "Class B Stock"); and
     
                    (iii)  1,000,000 shares of Preferred
               Stock, $1.00 par value per share, with such
               rights, privileges, restrictions and
               preferences as the Board of Directors may
               authorize from time to time (hereinafter the
               "Preferred Stock").
     
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 142
     
               3.  The amendment of the Restated Certificate of
     Incorporation, as amended, herein certified has been duly adopted
     in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General
     Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
     
     Signed and attested to on May 18, 1993.
     
     
                                                      
                                         /s/Robert A. Freece
                                    --------------------------------------
                                       Robert A. Freece
                                       Vice President
     
     
     Attest:
     
     
     /s/ William J. Spires
     ----------------------
     William J. Spires
     Secretary
     
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2(B)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 143

                                                  EXHIBIT 3.2

                         AMENDMENT NO. 1
                             TO THE
                  AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 
                               OF
                  VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
                    (a Delaware Corporation)


          Pursuant to Article II.2 of the Amended and Restated
By-laws of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (the "By-laws"), the By-
laws are hereby amended as follows:

          The second sentence of Article II.2 is hereby amended
to read in its entirety as follows:

          "The number of directors constituting the whole board
          shall not be less than three nor more than twelve,
          except that where all the shares of stock of the
          corporation are owned beneficially and of record by
          less than three stockholders, the number of directors
          may be less than three but not less than the number of
          such stockholders."

          In all other respects, the By-laws shall remain
unchanged.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2(A)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 144

                                             EXHIBIT 3.2








                      AMENDED AND RESTATED

                             BY-LAWS

                               OF

                  VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
                    (A Delaware Corporation)

                       __________________


                            ARTICLE I

                          STOCKHOLDERS


          1.   CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING STOCK.  Every holder of
stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate
signed by, or in the name of, the corporation by the Chairman or
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or by the
President or a Vice-President and by the Treasurer or an
Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of
the corporation certifying the number of shares owned by him in
the corporation.  If such certificate is countersigned by a
transfer agent other than the corporation or its employee, or by
a registrar other than the corporation or its employee, any other
signature on the certificate may be a facsimile.  In case any
officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose
facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before
such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation
with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent,
or registrar at the date of issue.

          Whenever the corporation shall be authorized to issue
more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class
of stock and whenever the corporation shall issue any shares of
its stock as partly paid stock, the certificates representing
shares of any such class or series or of any such partly paid
stock shall set forth thereon the statements prescribed by the
General Corporation Law.  Any restrictions on the transfer or
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 145

registration of transfer of any shares of stock of any class or
series shall be noted conspicuously on the certificate
representing such shares.

          The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in
place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to
have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and the Board of Directors
may require the owner of any lost, stolen, or destroyed
certificate, or his legal representative, to give the corporation
a bond sufficient to indemnity the corporation against any claim
that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss,
theft, or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of
any such new certificate.

          2.   FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS.  The corporation may,
but shall not be required to, issue fractions of a share.  In
lieu thereof it shall either pay in cash the fair value of
fractions of a share, as determined by the Board of Directors, to
those entitled thereto or issue scrip or fractional warrants in
registered or bearer form over the manual or facsimile signature
of an officer of the corporation or of its agent, exchangeable as
therein provided for full shares, but such scrip or fractional
warrants shall not entitle the holder to any rights or a
shareholder except as therein provided.  Such scrip or fractional
warrants may be issued subject to the condition that the same
shall become void if not exchanged for certificates representing
full shares of stock before a specified date, or subject to the
condition that the shares of stock for which such scrip or
fractional warrants are exchangeable may be sold by the
corporation and the proceeds thereof distributed to the holders
of such scrip or fractional warrants, or subject to any other
conditions which the Board of Directors may determine.

          3.   STOCK TRANSFERS.  Upon compliance with provisions
restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of
stock, if any, transfers or registration of transfers of shares
of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the stock
ledger of the corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by
his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly
executed and filed with the Secretary of the corporation or with
a transfer agent or a registrar, if any, and on surrender of the
certificate or certificates for such shares of stock properly
endorsed and the payment of all taxes due thereon.

          4.   RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDERS.  For the purpose of
determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to
express consent to or dissent from any corporate action in
writing without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining
stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or the allotment of any rights, or entitled to
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 146

exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or
exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action,
the directors may fix, in advance, a date as the record date for
any such determination of stockholders.  Such date shall not be
more than sixty days nor less than ten days before the date of
such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. 
If no record date is fixed, the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of
stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is
waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the
day on which the meeting is held; the record date for determining
stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the
resolution relating thereto.  When a determination of
stockholders of record entitled to notice or to vote at any
meeting of stockholders has been made as provided in this
paragraph, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a
new record date for the adjourned meeting.

          5.   MEANING OF CERTAIN TERMS.  As used herein in
respect of the right to notice of a meeting of stockholders or a
waiver thereof or to participate or vote thereat or to consent or
dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the
term "share" or "shares" or "share of stock" or "shares of stock"
or "stockholder" or "stockholders" refers to an outstanding share
of shares of stock and to a holder or holders of record of
outstanding shares of stock when the corporation is authorized to
issue only one class of shares of stock, and said reference is
also intended to include any outstanding share or shares of stock
and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of
stock of any class upon which or upon whom the certificate of
incorporation confers such rights where there are two or more
classes or series of shares of stock or upon which or upon whom
the General Corporation Law confers such rights notwithstanding
that the certificate of incorporation may provide for more than
one class or series of shares of stock, one or more of which are
limited or denied such rights thereunder; provided, however, that
no such right shall vest in the event of an increase or a
decrease in the authorized number of shares of stock of any class
or series which is otherwise denied voting rights under the
provisions of the certificate of incorporation, including any
Preferred Stock which is denied voting rights under the
provisions of the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board
of Directors with respect to the issuance thereof.

          6.   STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS.

               - TIME.  The annual meeting shall be held on the
date and at the time fixed, from time to time, by the directors,
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 147

provided, that the first annual meeting shall be held on a date
within thirteen months after the organization of the corporation,
and each successive annual meeting shall be held on a date within
thirteen months after the date of the preceding annual meeting. 
A special meeting shall be held on the date and at the time fixed
by the directors.

               - PLACE.  Annual meetings and special meetings
shall be held at such place, within or without the State of
Delaware, as the directors may, from time to time, fix.  Whenever
the directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be
held at the registered office of the corporation in the State of
Delaware.

               - CALL.  Annual meetings and special meetings may
be called by the directors or by any officer instructed by the
directors to call the meeting.

               - NOTICE OR WAIVER OF NOTICE.  Written notice of
all meetings shall be given, stating the place, date and hour of
the meeting.  The notice of an annual meeting shall state that
the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the
transaction of other business which may properly come before the
meeting, and shall (if any other action which could be taken at a
special meeting is to be taken at such annual meeting), state
such other action or actions as are known at the time of such
notice.  The notice of a special meeting shall in all instances
state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
If any action is proposed to be taken which would, if taken,
entitle stockholders to receive payment for their shares of
stock, the notice shall include a statement of that purpose and
to that effect.  Except as otherwise provided by the General
Corporation Law, a copy of the notice of any meeting shall be
given, personally or by mail, not less than ten days nor more
than sixty days before the date of the meeting, unless the lapse
of the prescribed period of time shall have been waived, and
directed to each stockholder at his record address or at such
other address which he may have furnished for such purpose in
writing to the Secretary of the corporation.  Notice by mail
shall be deemed to be given when deposited, with postage thereon
prepaid, in the United States mail.  If a meeting is adjourned to
another time, not more than thirty days hence, and/or to another
place, and if an announcement of the adjourned time and/or place
is made at the meeting, it shall not be necessary to give notice
of the adjourned meeting unless the directors, after adjournment,
fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.  Notice need not
be given to any stockholder who submits a written waiver of
notice by him before or after the time stated therein. 
Attendance of a person at a meeting of stockholders shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the
stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 148

objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of
any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened.  Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the
purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders
need be specified in any written waiver of notice.

               - STOCKHOLDER LIST.  There shall be prepared and
made, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a
complete list of the stockholders, arranged in alphabetical
order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number
of shares registered in the name of each stockholder.  Such list
shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any
purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours,
for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting either at
a place within the city or other municipality or community where
the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the
notice of the meting, or if not so specified, at the place where
the meeting is to be held.  The list shall also be produced and
kept at the time and place where the meeting is to be held.  The
list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the
meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by
any stockholder who is present.  The stock ledger shall be the
only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine
the stock ledger, the list required by this section or the books
of the corporation, or to vote at any meeting of stockholders.

               - CONDUCT OF MEETING.  Meetings of the
stockholders shall be presided over by one of the following
officers in the order of seniority and if present and acting --
the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the
Board, if any, the President, a Vice-President, a chairman for
the meeting chosen by the Board of Directors, or, if none of the
foregoing is in office and present and acting, by a chairman to
be chosen by the stockholders.  The Secretary of the corporation,
or in his absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary
of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant
Secretary is present the Chairman for the meeting shall appoint a
secretary of the meeting.

               - PROXY REPRESENTATION.  Every stockholder may
authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in
all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate,
whether by waiving notice of any meeting, voting or participat-
ing at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a
meeting.  Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder or by his
attorney-in-fact.  No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after
three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer
period.  A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states
that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is
coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an
irrevocable power.  A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 149

whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in
the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally.

               - INSPECTORS AND JUDGES.  The directors, in
advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more
inspectors of election or judges of the vote, as the case may be,
to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof.  If an
inspector or inspectors or judge or judges are not appointed, the
person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or
more inspectors or judges.  In case any person who may be
appointed as an inspector or judge fails to appear or act, the
vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the directors in
advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding
thereat.  Each inspector or judge, if any, before entering upon
the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath
faithfully to execute the duties of inspector or judge at such
meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his
ability.  The inspectors or judges, if any, shall determine the
number of shares of stock represented at the meeting, the
existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and
shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all
challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to
vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents,
determine the results, and do such acts as are proper to conduct
the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders.  On
request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspector or
inspectors or judge or judges, if any, shall make a report in
writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by him or
them and execute a certificate of any fact found by him or them.

               - QUORUM.  Except as the General Corporation Law
or these By-Laws may otherwise provide, the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall
constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders for the
transaction of any business.  The stockholders present may
adjourn the meeting despite the absence of a quorum.  When a
quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not broken by
the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders.

               - VOTING.  Each stockholder entitled to vote in
accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and
of these By-Laws, or, with respect to the issuance of Preferred
Stock, in accordance with the terms of a resolution or resolu-
tions of the Board of Directors, shall be entitled to one vote,
in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote
held by such stockholder.  In the election of directors, a
plurality of the votes cast shall elect.  Any other action shall
be authorized by a majority of the votes cast except where the
Certificate of Incorporation or the General Corporation Law
prescribes a different percentage of votes and/or a different
exercise of voting power.  In the election of directors, voting
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 150

need not be by ballot.  Voting by ballot shall not be required
for any other corporate action except as otherwise provided by
the General Corporation Law.

          7.   STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT MEETING.  Any action
required to be taken, or any action which may be taken, at any
annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a
meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in
writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by
the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the
minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or
take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to
vote thereon where present and voted.  Prompt notice of the
taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than
unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholder who
have not consented in writing.


                           ARTICLE II

                            DIRECTORS


          1.   FUNCTIONS AND DEFINITION.  The business of the
corporation shall be managed by the Board of Directors of the
corporation.  The use of the phrase "whole board" herein refers
to the total number of directors which the corporation would have
if there were no vacancies.

          2.   QUALIFICATIONS AND NUMBER.  A director need not be
a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of
the State of Delaware.  The number of directors constituting the
whole board shall be not less than three nor more than ten,
except that, where all the shares of stock of the corporation are
owned beneficially and of record by less than three stockholders,
the number of directors may be less than three but not less than
the number of such stockholders.  Subject to the foregoing
limitation and except for the first Board of Directors, such
number may be fixed from time to time by action of the stock-
holders or of the directors, or, if the number is not fixed, the
number shall be three.  The number of directors may be increased
or decreased by action of the stockholders or the directors.

          3.   ELECTION AND TERM.  Any director may resign at any
time upon written notice to the corporation.  Directors who are
elected at an annual meeting of stockholders, and directors who
are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created
directorships, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors have been elected and
qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal.  In the
interim between annual meetings of stockholder or of special
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 151

meetings of stockholder called for the election of directors
and/or for the removal of one or more directors and for the
filing of any vacancies in the Board of Directors, including
vacancies resulting from the removal of directors for cause or
without cause, any vacancy in the Board of Directors may be
filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then
in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining
director.

          4.   MEETINGS.

               - TIME.  Meetings shall be held at such time as
the Board shall fix.

               - FIRST MEETING.  The first meeting of each newly
elected Board may be held immediately after each annual meeting
of the stockholders at the same place at which the meeting is
held, and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the
meeting, provided a quorum shall be present.  In the event such
meeting is not so held immediately after the annual meeting of
the stockholders, it may be held at such time and place as shall
be specified in the notice given as hereinafter provided for
special meetings of the Board of Directors, or at such time and
place as shall be fixed by the consent in writing of all of the
Directors.

               - PLACE.  Meetings, both regular and special,
shall be held at such place within or without the State of
Delaware as shall be fixed by the Board.

               - CALL.  No call shall be required for regular
meetings for which the time and place have been fixed.  Special
meetings may be called by or at the direction of the Chairman of
the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, or the
President, or of a majority of the directors in office.

               - NOTICE OR ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE WAIVER.  No
notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time
and place have been fixed.  Written, oral or any other mode of
notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings
in sufficient time for the convenient assembly of the directors
thereat.  The notice of any meeting need not specify the purpose
of the meeting.  Any requirement of furnishing a notice shall be
waived by any director who signs a written waiver of such notice
before or after the time stated therein.

               Attendance of a Director at a meeting of the Board
shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when
the Director attends a meeting for the express purpose of
objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 152

any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened.

               - QUORUM AND ACTION.  A majority of the whole
Board shall constitute a quorum except when a vacancy or
vacancies prevents such majority, whereupon a majority of the
directors in office shall constitute a quorum, provided that such
majority shall constitute at least one-third (1/3) of the whole
Board.  Any director may participate in a meeting of the Board by
means of a conference telephone or similar communications
equipment by means of which all directors participating in the
meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting
of the Board shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is
present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and place.  Except
as otherwise provided, and except as otherwise provided by the
General Corporation Law, the act of the Board shall be the act by
vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting, a
quorum being present.  The quorum and voting provisions herein
stated shall not be construed as conflicting with any provisions
of the General Corporation Law and these By-Laws which govern a
meeting of directors held to fill vacancies and newly created
directorships in the Board.

               - CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING.  The Chairman of the
Board, if any and if present and acting, shall preside at all
meetings.  Otherwise, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any and
if present and acting, or the President, if present and acting,
or any other director chosen by the Board, shall preside.

          5.   REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS.  Any or all of the directors
may be removed for cause or without cause by the stockholders. 
One or more of the directors may be removed for cause by the
Board of Directors.

          6.   COMMITTEES.  The Board of Directors may, by
resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one
or more committees of the whole Board, designate one or more
committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the
directors of the corporation.  The Board may designate one or
more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may
replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the
committee.  Any such committee, to the extent provided in the
resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise the powers
of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and
affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.  In
the absence or disqualification of any member of any such
committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at
any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he
or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 153

member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the
place of any such absent or disqualified member.

          7.   ACTION IN WRITING.  Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or
any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all
members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent
thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.


                           ARTICLE III

                            OFFICERS


          1.   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.  The directors may elect or
appoint a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a President, one or
more Vice Presidents (one or more of whom may be denominated
"Executive Vice President" or "Senior Vice President"), a
Secretary, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer, one or
more Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as they may
determine.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

          2.   TERM OF OFFICE; REMOVAL.  Unless otherwise
provided in the resolution of election or appointment, each
officer shall hold office until the meeting of the Board of
Directors following the next meeting of shareholders and until
his successor has been elected and qualified.  The Board of
Directors may remove any officer for cause or without cause.

          3.   AUTHORITY AND DUTIES.  All officers, as between
themselves and the corporation, shall have such authority and
perform such duties in the management of the corporation as may
be provided in these By-Laws, or, to the extent not so provided,
by the Board of Directors.

          4.   THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  The
Chairman of the Board of Directors, if present and acting, shall
preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors; otherwise, the
President, if present, shall preside, or if the President does
not so preside, any other Director chosen by the Board shall
preside.

          5.   THE PRESIDENT.  The President shall be the chief
executive officer of the corporation.

          6.   VICE PRESIDENT.  Any Vice President that may have
been appointed, in the absence or disability of the President,
shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 154

President, in the order of their seniority, and shall perform
such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

          7.   THE SECRETARY.  The Secretary shall keep in safe
custody the seal of the corporation and affix it to any
instrument when authorized by the Board of Directors, and shall
perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of
Directors.

          8.   THE TREASURER.  The Treasurer shall have the care
and custody of the corporate funds, and other valuable effects,
including securities, and shall keep full and accurate accounts
of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the
corporation and shall deposit all monies and other valuable
effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such
depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors.  The
Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be
ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disburse-
ments, and shall render to the President and directors, at the
regular meetings of the Board, or whenever they may require it,
an account of all his transactions as Treasure and of the
financial condition of the corporation.  If required by the Board
of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the corporation a bond for
such term, in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall
be satisfactory to the Board for the faithful performance of the
duties of his office and for the restoration to the corporation,
in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from
office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property
of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging
to the corporation.


                           ARTICLE IV

                         CORPORATE SEAL
                               AND
                         CORPORATE BOOKS


          The corporate seal shall be in such form as the Board
of Directors shall prescribe.

          The books of the corporation may be kept within or
without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the
Board of Directors may, from time to time, determine.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 155

                            ARTICLE V

                           FISCAL YEAR


          The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed, and
shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors.


                           ARTICLE VI

                      CONTROL OVER BY-LAWS


          The power to amend, alter and repeal these By-Laws and
to adopt new By-Laws shall be vested in the Board of Directors;
provided, that the Board of Directors may delegate such power, in
whole or in part, to the stockholders; and provided, further,
that any By-Law, other than an initial By-Law, which provides for
the election of directors by classes for staggered terms shall be
adopted by the stockholders.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 156

                                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

 Performance-Based Compensation Plan for Chief Executive Officer
                of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. 


     The following is a summary description of the Performance-
Based Compensation Plan for the Chief Executive Officer of Vishay
Intertechnology, Inc. (the "Company"), which was approved by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
on February 25, 1994.


Background

     The plan was adopted to allow the Chief Executive Officer's
compensation above $1 million to be deductible under Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code, to the extent that it is "performance
based".  The plan must be approved by the Board of Directors
(excluding the Chief Executive Officer) and by the holders of a
majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of
the Company present in person or by proxy and voting thereon at
the next Annual Meeting. 
Material Plan Terms

     The material features of the plan are as follows:

     *    Prior to the start of each fiscal year (unless
          applicable regulations permit determination at a later
          date), the Compensation Committee will establish
          performance targets applicable to the Chief Executive
          Officer, which targets shall be linked exclusively to
          after-tax profits of the Company.

     *    The Chief Executive Officer shall be awarded cash
          bonuses under this plan if these certain performance
          targets are met.

     *    The amount of the bonus, if any, each year shall be
          determined under parameters preset by the Committee,
          including:

          a.   a threshold of after-tax profits above which a
               performance bonus shall be granted,

          d.   specified ranges of after-tax profits above the
               threshold and the bonus to be awarded for each
               range, calculated as a percentage of after-tax
               profits;
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 157

          c.   a threshold of after-tax profits below which the
               Chief Executive Officer's base salary will be
               reduced by a specified percentage; 

          e.   a ceiling level of after-tax profits above which
               no additional performance-based bonus will be
               awarded.

Criteria for Selecting Parameters:

     In selecting the parameters each year, the Compensation
Committee may consider, among others factors, the following:

     *    the Company's financial performance in view of the
          performance of companies similar in size and character;

     *    the compensation of Chief Executive Officers of
          companies similar in size and character; 

     *    the Company's financial performance in comparison to
          previous years; and

     *    the Chief Executive Officer's years of dedication and
          service to the Company.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 158

Application of Plan for 1994 -- an Illustration

     Base Salary:                                 $   600,000

     Threshold of after-tax profits above which 
       a performance-bonus shall be granted:      $25,000,000    
     

     Ranges of after-tax profits and the bonus to 
       be awarded, calculated as a % of such 
       after-tax profits:
     
          a.   $25 million to $50 million                   3%


          b.   $50 million to $75 million                   1%

     Threshold above which no additional
       bonus is granted:                          $75,000,000

     Threshold below which portion of
       base salary to be rescinded:               $21,000,000

     Possible reduction of base salary:           15%


For example, if in 1994 the Company earns $62 million in after-
tax profits, the Chief Executive Officer shall earn $1,470,000:


          base:                   $  600,000
          3% of $25 million:         750,000
          1% of $12 million:         120,000
                                  ----------
          TOTAL:                  $1,470,000     
                                  ==========

Maximum Bonus Opportunity:  

     The bonus the Chief Executive Officer may receive in respect
of any fiscal year shall not exceed 3% of after-tax profits above
$25 million.

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 159

Duration of Plan

     If the Plan is approved by the Board of Directors and the
stockholders, it may remain in effect without further stockholder
approval until the annual meeting of stockholders in 1999, unless
materially amended prior to such meeting.   
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 160

                                                       Exhibit 11
                    Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.       
                                        
                Statement Regarding Computation of         
                        Per Share Earnings            
                                        
             (In thousands, except per share amounts)       
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                        
                                        
PRIMARY AND FULLY DILUTED                            Year Ended December 31
 EARNINGS PER SHARE:                           1993            1992          1991
                                          --------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>            <C>                                        
Weighted average number of common                      
   shares outstanding                         21,228         17,269         16,649 
                                        
Effect of assumed conversion of convertible                      
   subordinated debentures                                    2,097 
                                          --------------------------------------------
Total                                         21,228         19,366         16,649 
                                          ============================================
                                        
Earnings before cumulative effect                           
   of accounting change                      $42,648        $30,413        $20,890 
                                        
Cumulative effect of accounting                             
   change for income taxes                     1,427                                                 
                                          --------------------------------------------
Net Earnings                                  44,075         30,413         20,890 
                                        
Add interest on convertible subordinated                         
   debentures, net of income tax effect                       2,721 
                                          --------------------------------------------
Total                                        $44,075        $33,134        $20,890 
                                          ============================================
Earnings per share:                               
                                        
Before cumulative effect of                            
   accounting change                           $2.01          $1.71          $1.25 
                                        
Accounting change for income taxes             $0.07          
                                          --------------------------------------------
Net earnings per share                         $2.08          $1.71          $1.25 
                                          ============================================
</TABLE>
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 22
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 161

                                                              Exhibit 22

                          COMPANY SUBSIDIARIES
                         (As of March 25, 1994)

                                                             Percent of
Name                                   Jurisdiction          Ownership
- - - ----                                   ------------          ----------
Vishay Micromesures SA                 France                100%

Nippon Vishay, K.K.                    Japan                 100%

Vishay F.S.C., Inc.                    U.S. Virgin           100%
                                       Islands

VSH Holdings, Inc.                     Delaware              100%

Roederstein Electronics, Inc.          Delaware              100%

Measurements Group, Inc.               Delaware              100%

   Measurements Group GmbH             Germany               100%

      Grupo Da Medidas Iberica S.L.    Spain                 100%

Vishay Israel Limited                  Israel                 90%

   Vishay Israel North Ltd.            Israel                100%

   Z.T.R. Electronics Ltd.             Israel                100%

   Vishay International Trade Ltd.     Israel                100%

   Dale Israel Electronics             Israel                100%
   Industries, Ltd.

   Draloric Israel Ltd.                Israel                100%

   V.I.E.C. Ltd.                       Israel                100%

   Vilna Equities Holding, B.V.        Netherlands           100%

      Visra Electronics                Netherlands           100%
      Financing B.V.

   Measurements Group (UK) Ltd.        U.K.                  100%

Vishay Beteiligungs GmbH               Germany               79.90% by Vishay
                                                                    Israel
                                                              7.56% by Vishay
                                                              9.01% by Vilna
                                                              3.53% by Dale
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 162

                                                             Percent of
Name                                   Jurisdiction          Ownership
- - - ----                                   ------------          ----------
   Draloric Electronics, GmbH          Germany               100%

   Roederstein GmbH                    Germany               100%

      Roederstein-Produktionsgesell-   Germany               100%
      schaft GmbH                                            

      Roederstein Electronics          Portugal               95%
      Portugal Lda.                                           

      Roederstein Bauelemente          Germany                51%
      Vertrieb GmbH                    

      Roederstein Bauelemente          Germany                75%
      Vertrieb GmbH

      Roederstein Bauelemente          Germany                70%
      Vertrieb GmbH    

      Roederstein Bauelemente          Switzerland           100%
      Vertrieb A.G.

      Roederstein Vertrieb elektro-    Austria                70%
      nischer Bauelemente & Co.

      Roederstein Vertrieb elektro-    Austria                77.78%
      nischer Bauelemente Ges. mbH

      Klevestav-Roederstein Festi-     Sweden                 50%
      gheter AB

      Djie Roederstein Electronische   Netherlands            40%
      Onderdelen B.V.

      N.V. Roederstein Electronics     Belgium                48%
      Components S.A.

      Fabrin-Roederstein A.S.          Denmark                40%

      OY OKAB-Roederstein AB           Finland                44.4%

      Roederstein Finland OY           Finland                40%      

      ROGIN Electronic S.A.            Spain                  33%

      Roederstein Norge AS             Norway                 40%
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 163

                                                            Percent of
Name                                   Jurisdiction          Ownership
- - - ----                                   ------------         ----------
      Roederstein-Hilfe-GmbH           Germany               l00%

   Draloric Electronic SPOL S RO       Czech Republic        100%

   Sfernice S.A.                       France                99.8%

      Roederstein-Electronique         France                97.94%
      France S.A.R.L.

      Nicolitch S.A.                   France                100%

         Gravures Industrielles        France                100%
         Mulhousiennes S.A.

      Sfernice Ltd.                    U.K.                  100%

      Aztronic S.A.                    France                100%

      Ultronix, Inc.                   Delaware              100%

         Ohmtek, Inc.                  New York              100%

         Techno Components Corp.       Delaware              100%

   E-Sil Components Ltd.               U.K.                  100%

      Vishay Components (UK) Ltd.      U.K.                  100%

      Steatite-Roederstein, Ltd.       England               100%

      Grued Corp.                      Delaware              100%

         Con-Gro, Corp.                Delaware              100%

      Gro-Con, Inc.                    Delaware              100%

         Angstrohm                     Delaware              100%
         Precision, Inc.

            Angstrohm                  Delaware              100%
            Holdings, Inc.

      Alma Components Ltd.             Guernsey              100%

   Vishay Resistor Products (UK) Ltd.  U.K.                  100%

      Heavybarter, Unlimited           U.K.                  100%

      Vishay-Mann Limited              U.K.                  100%
<PAGE>
<PAGE> 164

                                                             Percent of
Name                                   Jurisdiction          Ownership
- - - ----                                   ------------          ----------
Dale Holdings, Inc.                    Delaware              100%

   Dale Electronics, Inc.              Delaware              100%

      Componentes Dale de              Mexico                100%
      Mexico S.A. de C.V.

      Electronica Dale de              Mexico                100%
      Mexico S.A. de C.V.

      Vishay Electronic Components     Singapore             100%
      Asia Pte., Ltd.

      Jeffers Electronics, Inc.        Delaware              100%

         Jefel de Mexico S.A.          Mexico                100%
         de C.V.

      Nytron Inductors, Inc.           South Carolina        100%

      The Colber Corporation           New Jersey            100%

      Dale Test Laboratories, Inc.     South Dakota          100%

      Angstrohm Precision, Inc.        Maryland              100%

   Bradford Electronics, Inc.          Delaware              100%

Vishay Sprague Holdings Corp.          Delaware              100%

   Sprague Palm Beach, Inc.            Delaware              100%

   Sprague North Adams, Inc.           Massachusetts         100%

   Sprague Sanford, Inc.               Maine                 100%

   Vishay Sprague, Inc.                Delaware              100%

   Sprague Asia, Ltd.                  Hong Kong             100%

   Sprague France S.A.                 France                100%

   Vishay Sprague Canada               Canada                100%
   Holdings, Inc.

      Sprague Electric of              Canada                100%
      Canada, Ltd.

______________
Note:  Names of Subsidiaries are indented under name of Parent.
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<PAGE> 165





                                                        Exhibit 23





Consent of Independent Auditors



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements (Form S-8 No. 33-7850 and No. 33-7851) pertaining to
the 1986 Employee Stock Plan of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. and
the 1986 Employee Stock Plan of Dale Electronics, Inc. and in the
related Prospectuses of our report dated February 10, 1994 (except
for Note 6, as to which the date is March 25, 1994) with respect
to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Vishay
Intertechnoloy, Inc. included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for
the year ended December 31, 1993.



/s/ ERNST & YOUNG


Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
March 25, 1994

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
