-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SVuqQb7lWkVG9lCiUKrswJuENkgYr9hq8oEtl2A4aeiBC685VbjZuSMJyzDnLU/K
 YRnItW0BkH8gerxOzGpiBw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000351936-96-000001.txt : 19960329
<SEC-HEADER>0000351936-96-000001.hdr.sgml : 19960329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000351936-96-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960328
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XEROX CREDIT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351936
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		IRS NUMBER:				161024525
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08133
		FILM NUMBER:		96539546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PL
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 10347
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			069042347
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033256600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 FIRST STAMFORD PLACE
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06904
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


<PAGE>


                                  FORM 10-K
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

(Mark One)
( X )     Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
          Exchange Act of 1934
          For the fiscal year ended:  December 31, 1995
                                      OR
(   )     Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
          Exchange Act of 1934
          For the transition period from :                 to

Commission file number:  1-8133

                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware                                                           06-1024525
(State or other jurisdiction of                              (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)

100 First Stamford Place, Stamford, Connecticut                         06904
(Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip Code)

                                (203) 325-6600
             (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class                 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

10% Notes due 1999                  New York Stock Exchange


      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes:     X         No:

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.     Not Applicable

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of
common stock, as of the close of the latest practicable date.

   Class                                  Outstanding as of February 29, 1996
Common Stock                                            2,000

THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS J(1)(a)
AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED
DISCLOSURE FORMAT.



                                      THIS DOCUMENT CONSISTS OF 31 PAGES




(1)
<PAGE>



                                    PART I
ITEM 1.     Business

      Xerox Credit Corporation, a Delaware corporation (together with its
subsidiaries herein called "the Company" unless the context otherwise
requires), was organized on June 23, 1980.  All of the Company's outstanding
capital stock is owned by Xerox Financial Services, Inc. (XFSI), a holding
company, which is wholly-owned by Xerox Corporation (Xerox Corporation
together with its subsidiaries are herein called "Xerox" unless the context
otherwise requires).

      The Company is engaged in financing long-term accounts receivable
arising out of equipment sales by Xerox to its Document Processing customers
throughout the United States.  Contract terms on these accounts receivable
range primarily from two to five years.

     The Company purchases from Xerox all receivables due from commercial 
customers and the Federal Government. New contracts are purchased monthly.  
The Company pays Xerox an administration fee for providing billing and 
collection services.  The purchase price of the contract is calculated as the 
present value of the future cash flows.  The interest rates utilized to 
discount the cash flows are determined by certain referenced interest rates 
plus a prescribed spread.  The interest rate utilized for the cost calculation 
is adjusted monthly as each new set of contracts is purchased.

      In 1990 the Company discontinued its real-estate development and related 
real-estate financing businesses and its third-party financing and leasing 
businesses.  See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further 
information regarding the Company's discontinued operations.

      Xerox is The Document Company and a leader in the global document 
market, providing document services that enhance productivity.  Xerox' 
Document Processing activities encompass developing, manufacturing, marketing, 
servicing and financing a complete range of document processing products and 
services designed to make offices around the world more productive. Xerox 
document processing products are principally sold directly to users by Xerox' 
worldwide sales force of approximately 12,000 employees.  Xerox also markets 
through a network of independent agents, dealers, distributors and value-added 
resellers and has arrangements with U.S. retail marketing channels to market 
low-end products not generally suited for distribution through the Xerox 
direct sales force.  The financing of Xerox equipment is generally carried out 
by the Company in the United States and internationally by several foreign 
financing subsidiaries and divisions in most countries that Xerox operates.






















(2)
<PAGE>



ITEM 2.     Properties

      The Company does not directly own any facilities in order to carry on
its principal business.  Its principal executive offices in Stamford, 
Connecticut are located in approximately 19,000 square feet of office space 
leased by Xerox and shared by Xerox, XFSI and the Company.  The Company uses 
less than 1,000 square feet of the total office space.  In addition, the 
Company leases approximately 1,200 square feet of office space at various 
domestic locations, the majority of which are used by the Company's 
discontinued operations.  These facilities are deemed adequate by management.

ITEM 3.     Legal Proceedings

      None.


ITEM 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

      Not Required.

                                   PART II

ITEM 5.     Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
            Matters

      Because the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary, there is no market for 
its common shares.  Dividends declared during the five years ended December 31 
were as follows 
(in millions): 1991 - $230; 1992 - $85; 1993 - $59; 1994 - $88; 1995 - $149.

ITEM 6.     Selected Financial Data

      Not Required.
































(3)
<PAGE>



ITEM 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
            Results of Operations

Results of Operations
                         Continuing Operations

      Contracts receivable income represents income earned under an agreement
with Xerox pursuant to which the Company purchases long-term accounts 
receivable associated with Xerox' sold equipment.  These receivables arise 
primarily from Xerox equipment being sold under installment sales and sales-
type leases.  In 1995, the Company purchased receivables from Xerox totaling 
$1,354 million compared to $1,563 million in 1994.  The reduction of 
receivables purchases was due to lower United States sales in 1995 principally 
due to a realignment of the Xerox United States Customer Operations sales 
force.  Earned income from contracts receivable decreased in 1995 to $352 
million from $362 million in 1994.  The decrease in earned income was the 
result of a reduction in the size of the portfolios of contracts receivable 
purchased from Xerox and a reduction in the interest rate spread on the 
contracts being purchased.  Earned income from contracts receivable decreased 
in 1994 to $362 million from $376 million in 1993.  The 1994 decrease was due 
to lower interest earned on Xerox' contracts receivable which reflected the 
fact that a significant number of those contracts were activated in 1993 and 
1992 when market interest rates were at a ten-year low.

      Interest expense was $219 million in 1995 compared to $202 million in 
1994, an increase of $17 million.  The 1995 increase is principally 
attributable to the assignment to continuing operations, beginning in 1995, of 
interest expense previously assigned to discontinued operations and higher 
interest expense resulting from the timing of settlements of intercompany 
liabilities.  Assigned discontinued operations debt represents consolidated 
debt of the Company, which is expected to be paid with the liquidation of the 
remaining asset portfolio of the discontinued operations.  The $202 million of 
interest expense in 1994 was a decrease of $7 million from the 1993 interest 
expense of $209 million.  The 1994 decrease resulted from lower overall 
interest rates partially offset by increased borrowings required to fund the 
Company's additional investment in contracts receivable.

      Since substantially all of the Company's contracts receivable earn fixed 
rates of interest, the Company "match funds" the contracts by swapping 
variable-rate commercial paper and medium term notes into fixed rates of 
interest for specified maturities.  This practice is employed because it 
effectively "locks in" a spread and eliminates the risk of shrinking interest 
margins in a rising interest rate environment.  Conversely, this practice 
effectively eliminates the opportunity to increase margins when interest rates 
are declining.  The Company intends to continue to match its contracts 
receivable and indebtedness to ensure an adequate spread between interest 
income and interest expense.

      Operating and administrative expenses increased to $14 million in 1995 
compared to $13 million in both 1994 and 1993. These expenses are primarily 
the costs to administer the contracts receivable purchased from Xerox.

      The effective income tax rate for 1995 was 40.3 percent as compared
with 40.8 percent and 40.9 percent for 1994 and 1993, respectively.  











(4)
<PAGE>



                         Discontinued Operations

      Since their discontinuance in 1990, the Company has made substantial 
progress in disengaging from the real estate and third-party financing 
businesses.  Through December 31, 1995, the Company received net cash proceeds 
of $2,445 million from the sale of discontinued business units, asset 
securitizations, sales, and runoff collection activities.  The amounts 
received have been consistent with the Company's estimates in its disposal 
plan and were primarily used to reduce the Company's short-term indebtedness.

      During 1995, the Company reduced its net assets of discontinued 
operations by approximately $106 million, primarily through the disposal of 
the Company's $74 million investment in Xerox Financial Services Life 
Insurance Company (XFSLIC) and through contractual maturities.

      Since approximately $58 million of the remaining asset portfolio 
represents passive lease receivables, many with long-duration contractual 
maturities and unique tax attributes, the Company expects that the wind-down 
of the portfolio will be slower in future years.  The Company believes that 
the liquidation of the remaining assets will not result in a net loss.

      Additional information regarding discontinued operations is included in 
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.










































(5)
<PAGE>



Capital Resources and Liquidity

      The Company's principal sources of funds are cash from the collection of 
Xerox contracts receivable and borrowings.

      Net cash provided by operating activities was $17 million in 1995 
compared with $20 million in 1994 and $48 million of cash used in 1993.  The 
significant usage of cash in 1993 resulted from the liquidation of the asset 
portfolio of the discontinued operations which resulted in accelerated 
payments of deferred tax liabilities.

      Net cash provided by investing activities was $210 million in 1995 
compared to $47 million in 1994.  The increase in cash provided by investing 
activities is principally the result of fewer purchased contracts receivable 
in 1995.  Net cash provided by investing activities was $47 million in 1994 
compared to $21 million provided in 1993.  The increase in cash provided by 
investing activities was the result of higher net collections from the 
Company's investment in contracts receivable in 1994, which was partially 
offset by lower collections from discontinued operations.

      Net cash used in financing activities was $227 million in 1995 compared 
to $68 million in 1994.  This change is largely due to lower borrowing 
proceeds due to a reduced level of investments in Xerox' contracts receivable.  
Net cash used in financing activities was $68 million in 1994 compared to $26 
million provided in 1993.  The increase in cash used was the result of reduced 
borrowing despite payment of higher dividends in 1994.

      Cash dividends paid during the three years ended December 31 were as 
follows (in millions):  1993 -$59; 1994 - $88; and 1995 - $75.  In addition, 
there was a non-cash dividend in 1995 of $74 million.

      At December 31, 1995, the Company had domestic shelf capacity of $1 
billion.  In addition, a $1 billion Euro-debt facility is available to both 
Xerox and the Company of which $547 million remained unused at December 31, 
1995.  In 1996, Xerox and the Company intend to increase the size of the Euro 
facility by $1 billion to further enhance capital markets flexibility.

     At December 31, 1995, the Company and Xerox have joint access to a $5 
billion revolving credit agreement with various banks, which expires in 2000.  
Any amounts borrowed under this facility would be at rates based, at the 
borrower's option, on spreads above certain reference rates such as LIBOR and 
Federal funds rates.

     The Company believes that cash provided by continuing operations, cash 
available under its commercial paper program supported by its credit facility, 
and its readily available access to the capital markets are more than 
sufficient for its funding needs.  New borrowing associated with the financing 
of customer purchases of Xerox equipment will continue in 1996 and decisions 
regarding the size and timing of any new term debt financing will be made 
based on cash flows, match funding needs, refinancing requirements and capital 
market conditions.

     The Company intends to continue to match fund its contracts receivable.  
To assist in managing its interest rate exposure, the Company has entered into 
a number of interest rate swap agreements.  In general, the Company's 
objective is to hedge its variable-rate debt by paying fixed rates under the 
swap agreements while receiving variable-rate payments in return.  
Additionally, in order to match the duration of its assets, the Company issues 
variable-rate and fixed-rate medium term notes which are swapped to commercial 
paper rates.





(6)
<PAGE>



      During 1995, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements 
which effectively converted $1,373 million of variable-rate debt into fixed-
rate debt.  These agreements mature at various dates through 2000 and resulted 
in a weighted average fixed-rate of interest of 6.19 percent at December 31, 
1995.  The Company also entered into interest rate swap agreements during 1995 
which effectively converted $553 million of variable-rate debt and $380 
million of fixed rate debt into variable-rate debt that is indexed to 
commercial paper rates.  These agreements mature at various dates through 
2000.

      As of December 31, 1995, the Company's overall debt-to-equity ratio was 
6.5 to 1. The Company's practice is to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of 
approximately 6.5 to 1.

      Pursuant to a Support Agreement between the Company and Xerox, Xerox has  
agreed to retain ownership of 100 percent of the voting capital stock of the 
Company and to make periodic payments to the extent necessary to ensure that 
the Company's annual pre-tax earnings available for fixed charges equal at 
least 1.25 times the Company's fixed charges.














































(7)
<PAGE>



ITEM 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

      The financial statements of the Company and its consolidated 
subsidiaries and the notes thereto, the financial statement schedule, and the 
report thereon of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, independent auditors, are set forth 
on pages 10 through 26 hereof.

      The financial statement and schedule required herein is filed as 
"Financial Statement Schedules" pursuant to Item 14 of this report on Form 10-
K.

ITEM 9.     Disagreements on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

      Not Applicable.

ITEM 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

      Not Required.

ITEM 11.    Executive Compensation

      Not Required.

ITEM 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

      Not Required.

ITEM 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      Not Required.
                                   PART IV

ITEM 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

      (a)   (1) and (2) The financial statements and the Item 8 financial 
            statement schedule and the report of independent auditors thereon 
            filed herewith are set forth in the Index to Financial Statements 
            and Schedule included herein.

            (3) The exhibits filed herewith are set forth in the Exhibit
            Index included herein.

      (b)   A Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 1995 reporting Item 
            7, "Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and 
            Exhibits" was filed during the last quarter of the period covered 
            by this report.



















(8)
<PAGE>



      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                               XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION


                               BY__/s/ George R. Roth___________

(NAME AND TITLE)               George R. Roth, Vice President,
                               Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer

                               March 28, 1996


     Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

March 28, 1996



Signature                      Title  


Principal Executive Officer:
  Eunice M. Filter             __/s/ Eunice M. Filter___________
                               President, Chief Executive Officer
                                 and Director


Principal Financial Officer:
  George R. Roth               __/s/ George R. Roth_____________
                               Vice President, Treasurer and
                                 Chief Financial Officer

Principal Accounting Officer:
  Daniel S. Marchibroda        __/s/ Daniel S. Marchibroda______
                               Controller



Directors:


__/s/ Donald R. Altieri_________
Donald R. Altieri, Director


__/s/ David R. McLellan_________
David R. McLellan, Director


__/s/ Barry D. Romeril__________
Barry D. Romeril, Director


__/s/ Stuart B. Ross____________
Stuart B. Ross, Director





(9)
<PAGE>



                        Report of Independent Auditors



The Board of Directors
Xerox Credit Corporation:

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Xerox Credit 
Corporation and subsidiaries as listed in the accompanying index.  In 
connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also 
have audited the financial statement schedule as listed in the accompanying 
index.  These consolidated financial statements and the financial statement 
schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial 
statements and the financial statement schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial 
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on 
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the 
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as 
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe 
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Xerox 
Credit Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the 
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the 
three-year period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  Also in our opinion, the related financial 
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated 
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material 
respects, the information set forth therein. 


KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP




Stamford, Connecticut
January 24, 1996





















(10)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE


Financial Statements:

Consolidated statements of income for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 1995

Consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 1995 and 1994

Consolidated statements of shareholder's equity for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1995

Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 1995

Notes to consolidated financial statements

Report of Independent Auditors



Schedule:

II      Valuation and qualifying accounts


All other schedules are omitted as they are not applicable or the information
required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes 
thereto.


































(11)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                   Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                  (In Millions)


                                               1995        1994        1993
Earned Income:
    Contracts receivable                      $ 352       $ 362       $ 376


Expenses:
    Interest                                    219         202         209
    Operating and administrative                 14          13          13

        Total expenses                          233         215         222


Income before income taxes                      119         147         154

Provision for income taxes                       48          60          63


Net income                                    $  71       $  87       $  91




The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
statements.



































(12)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                           December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                 (In Millions)

                                     ASSETS
                                                            1995         1994

Cash and cash equivalents                                $     -      $     -

Investments:
    Contracts receivable                                   3,999        4,203
    Notes receivable - Xerox and affiliates                  189           59
    Unearned income                                         (410)        (434)
    Allowance for losses                                    (127)        (129)
        Total investments                                  3,651        3,699

Net assets of discontinued operations                        183          289
Deferred Income Taxes and Other assets                         3            2

        Total assets                                     $ 3,837      $ 3,990


                      LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

Liabilities:
    Notes payable within one year:
        Commercial paper                                 $   875      $ 1,657
        Current portion of notes payable after one year      868          403
    Notes payable after one year                           1,411        1,246
    Notes payable after one year-Xerox and affiliates         75           75
    Due to Xerox Corporation, net                             52           39
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  56           56
    Deferred income taxes                                      -            9

        Total liabilities                                  3,337        3,485

Shareholder's Equity:
    Common stock, no par value, 2,000 shares
        authorized, issued, and outstanding                   23           23
    Additional paid-in capital                               219          145
    Retained earnings                                        258          336
    Cumulative translation adjustment                          -            1

        Total shareholder's equity                           500          505

        Total liabilities and shareholder's equity       $ 3,837      $ 3,990
           



The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
statements.












(13)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY
                Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                 (In Millions)

                                       Additional            Cumulative
                               Common   Paid-In   Retained   Translation
                                Stock   Capital   Earnings   Adjustment  Total



Balance at December 31, 1992   $  23    $ 145      $ 305     $   1      $ 474

Net Income                                            91                   91

Dividends                                            (59)                 (59)
 



Balance at December 31, 1993      23      145        337         1        506

Net Income                                            87                   87

Dividends                                            (88)                 (88)
 


Balance at December 31, 1994      23      145      $ 336         1        505

Net Income                                            71                   71

Dividends*                                          (149)                (149)

Capital Contribution                       74                              74

Other                                                           (1)        (1)
 


Balance at December 31, 1995   $  23    $ 219      $ 258     $   0     $  500



*  Includes a non-cash dividend of $74 million.




The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
statements.














(14)
<PAGE>



                               XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                    Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                   (In Millions)

                                                       1995      1994      
1993
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
  Net income                                        $   71   $   87    $   91
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by (used in) operating activities:

    Net change in operating assets and liabilities     (54)     (67)     (139)
 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities     17       20       (48)

Cash Flows from Investing Activities
  Purchases of investments                          (1,354)  (1,563)   (1,475)
  Proceeds from investments                          1,532    1,481     1,264
  Net collections from discontinued operations          32      129       232

Net cash provided by investing activities              210       47        21

Cash Flows from Financing Activities
  Change in short-term debt, net                      (782)       4       305
  Proceeds from long-term debt                       1,033      567       475
  Principal payments of long-term debt                (403)    (551)     (695)
  Dividends                                            (75)     (88)      (59)

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities   (227)     (68)       26


  Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                  -       (1)       (1)

  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year           -        1         2

  Cash and cash equivalents, end of year            $    -   $    -    $    1


Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities:
  As Described in Note 2, the Company dividended its $74 million investment
  in Xerox Financial Services Life Insurance Company to its parent company
  in 1995.  The parent company then made a capital contribution of $74 million 
  by issuing a $74 million interest bearing note to the Company.



The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
statements.
















(15)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


(1)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Xerox 
Credit Corporation (the Company) and its subsidiaries.  The Company is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Xerox Financial Services, Inc. (XFSI), which is in 
turn wholly-owned by Xerox Corporation (Xerox).  All significant transactions 
between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated.

Recognition of Earned Income

     The Company utilizes the interest method for the recognition of earned 
income associated with contracts receivable.  Under this method, the 
difference between the amount of gross contract receivable and the cost of the 
contract is recorded as unearned income.  The unearned income is amortized to 
income over the term of the transaction under an effective yield method.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

     All highly liquid investments of the Company, with a maturity of three 
months or less at date of purchase, are considered to be cash equivalents.

Allowance for Losses

     In connection with the contracts receivable purchased from Xerox, the 
Company retains an allowance for losses at the time of purchase which is 
intended to protect against future losses.  Should any additional allowances 
be required, Xerox is required to provide such funding.  The resultant effect 
is to relieve the Company of any exposure with regard to write-offs associated 
with the contracts receivable purchased from Xerox.

     Xerox computes the allowance for potential losses on all contracts based 
upon historical experience and current trends.  When the Company purchases the 
contracts from Xerox, the portion of Xerox' allowance allocable to the 
purchased contracts is deducted from the purchase price and recorded as 
Allowance for Potential Losses by the Company.  If more contracts are charged 
off than were forecast in the initial reserve calculation, Xerox reimburses 
the Company for the excess chargeoffs.

Charge Off of Delinquent Receivables

     The Company's policy with respect to the charge-off of delinquent 
receivables is that  receivables are charged off as soon as it becomes 
apparent that the collection of the receivables through normal means is 
unlikely.  The policy contemplates that delinquent receivables will be charged 
off before the aging of such delinquent receivables reaches 180 days.

Reclassifications

     Certain prior year balances have been reclassified to conform with the 
current year presentation.









(16)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(2)   Discontinued Operations

      In 1990 the Company discontinued its third party financing and real 
estate operations.  The Company's disposal plan included the sale of three 
standalone subsidiary companies (Circle Business Credit, Inc.; LMV Leasing 
Inc.; and Highline Financial Services Inc.) which were sold during 1991.  The 
remaining assets primarily consisted of lease and other interest bearing 
receivables.  The disposal plan contemplated the recovery of these assets 
primarily in the course of normal maturities.  This continues to be the 
Company's strategy.  Since the time of discontinuance the Company has not 
originated any new financing or real estate business and its management 
activities have been almost exclusively dedicated to liquidation of the 
assets.  In accordance with APB No. 30, all material related items of income 
and loss have previously been estimated and recorded and no longer affect the 
reported results of operations.

      Through December 31, 1995, the Company received net cash proceeds of 
$2,445 million from the sale of discontinued business units, asset 
securitizations, sales, and runoff collection activities.  Of the $2,445 
million, $32 million, $129 million and $232 million was received in 1995, 1994 
and 1993, respectively.  The amounts received have been consistent with the 
Company's estimates in the disposal plan and were primarily used to reduce the 
Company's short-term indebtedness. At December 31, 1995, the Company remains 
contingently liable for approximately $9 million under recourse provisions 
associated with the securitization transactions.

      Approximately $58 million (32 percent) of the remaining assets represent 
passive lease receivables, many with long-duration contractual maturities and 
unique tax attributes.  Accordingly, the Company expects that the wind-down of 
the portfolio will be slower during 1996 and in future years.  The Company 
believes that the liquidation of the remaining assets will not result in a net 
loss.

      Short-and long-term debt represents debt included in the Company's 
consolidated balance sheets that has been assigned to the discontinued 
businesses in accordance with historical methodologies.   The Company has 
consistently assigned debt to discontinued operations based on the net assets 
of discontinued operations and debt to equity ratios that existed at the time 
the assets were acquired.  This assigned debt is expected to be paid with the 
liquidation of the remaining asset portfolio of the discontinued operations. 
Interest expense assigned to discontinued businesses for 1994 and 1993 was $10 
million and $14 million, respectively.  Beginning in 1995, the amount of 
interest expense that would have been allocated to discontinued operations is 
insignificant and therefore is now reported within continuing operations.

     In June 1995, the Company's parent, Xerox Financial Services, Inc.(XFSI), 
sold Xerox Financial Services Life Insurance Company (XFSLIC).  In connection 
with the sale, the Company's $74 million investment in XFSLIC, reported as a 
component of net assets of discontinued operations at the time of the sale, 
was dividended to XFSI.  XFSI in turn made a capital contribution of $74 
million to the Company by issuing a $74 million interest-bearing note to the 
Company.  This note is an asset of the Company's continuing operations.









(17)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

      
Summarized information of discontinued operations for the three years ended 
December 31, 1995 follows:
                                                       (In millions)

                                                   1995      1994       1993

Balance Sheet Data

Gross finance receivables                        $   76    $  109    $   202
Unearned income                                     (25)      (31)       (53)
Other assets                                        132       211*       282*

Investment in discontinued operations, net       $  183    $  289    $   431

Assigned short- and long-term debt               $   98    $  154    $   244

      
*  Includes a $74 million investment in Xerox Financial Services Life 
   Insurance Company, a subsidiary of the Company's parent, Xerox Financial 
   Services, Inc.


Contractual maturities of the gross finance receivables at December 31,1995 
follow (in millions):  

     1996                    $ 14 
     1997                      15 
     1998                       2 
     1999                       4
     2000                       5 
     2001 and thereafter       36

     Total                     76




























(18)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(3)   Investments

      Contracts receivable represent purchases of long-term trade accounts 
receivable from Xerox.  These receivables arise from Xerox equipment being 
sold under installment sales and sales-type leases.  Contract terms on these 
receivables range primarily from two to five years and are generally 
collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets.  The Company 
purchased receivables from Xerox totaling $1,354 million in 1995, $1,563 
million in 1994, and $1,475 million in 1993.  The Company was charged $10 
million in 1995 and $11 million in both 1994 and 1993 by Xerox for 
administrative costs associated with the contracts receivable purchased.

      Under SFAS No. 107 - "Disclosures about Fair Values of Financial 
Instruments," the Company is not required to determine the fair value of these 
receivables.  Management believes that as of December 31, 1995 any revaluation 
of the contracts receivable would result in a fair value in excess of the 
carrying value of these receivables.

      The scheduled maturities of contracts receivable at December 31, 1995 
are as follows (in millions): 

     1996                    $1,657 
     1997                     1,148
     1998                       719 
     1999                       346 
     2000                       121 
     Thereafter                   8
 
     Total                   $3,999

Experience has shown that a portion of these contracts receivable will be 
prepaid prior to maturity.  Accordingly, the preceding schedule of contractual 
maturities should not be considered a forecast of future cash collections.

      Included in the $189 million notes receivable balance from Xerox and 
affiliates are receivables from related parties payable on demand at various 
interest rates.  $124 million of these amounts are floating rate notes from
XFSI.























(19)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(4)   Lines of Credit and Interest Rate Swaps

      At December 31, 1995, the Company and Xerox had joint access to a $5.0 
billion revolving credit agreement with various banks, which expires December 
14, 2000.  This agreement is unused and is available to back the issuance of 
commercial paper.  At December 31, 1995, the Company had a total of $875 
million of commercial paper outstanding. The average interest rate paid on 
commercial paper issued in 1995 was 5.9 percent.

      The Company routinely enters into interest rate swap agreements in the 
management of interest rate exposure.  An interest rate swap is an agreement 
to exchange interest rate payment streams based on a notional principal 
amount.  In general, the Company's objective is to hedge its variable-rate 
debt by paying fixed rates under the swap agreements and receiving commercial 
paper-rate payments in return.  These swap agreements effectively convert an 
amount (equal to the notional amount) of underlying variable-rate commercial 
paper into fixed-rate debt.  The net interest rate differentials that will be 
paid or received are recorded currently as adjustments to interest expense.  
The counterparties to these swap agreements are typically major commercial 
banks.

     The Company does not enter into swap transactions for trading or other 
speculative purposes.  The Company's policies on the use of such derivative 
instruments prescribe an investment grade counterparty credit floor and at 
least  quarterly monitoring of market risk on a counterparty-by-counterparty 
basis.  Based upon its ongoing evaluation of the replacement cost of its 
derivatives transactions and counterparty creditworthiness, the Company 
considers the risk of credit default significantly affecting its financial 
position or results of operations to be remote.  The Company's interest rate 
hedging activities are largely unaffected by changes in market conditions as 
swaps are typically held to maturity in order to lock in interest spreads on 
underlying transactions.

     The aggregate notional amounts of interest rate swaps outstanding at 
December 31, 1995 and 1994 are as follows:
                                                  (Dollars in millions)
                                                  1995             1994

Pay fixed/receive variable                      $2,278           $1,555
Pay variable/receive variable                      978              425
Pay variable/receive fixed                         280                -
  
                                                $3,536           $1,980

Average interest payment rates                    5.97%            5.54%

      At December 31, 1995 and 1994, the Company's swap agreements had 
aggregate net fair values of $(15) million and $45 million, respectively.  
These values represent the estimated net amounts the Company would have (paid) 
received had the agreements been terminated as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, 
respectively. The fair values for interest rate swap agreements were 
calculated by the Company based on market conditions at year end 1995 and 
supplemented with quotes from banks.  The Company has no present plans to 
terminate any of these agreements prior to their scheduled maturities.

      The maturities of the Company's swaps outstanding as of December 31, 
1995 are: 1996 - $1,049 million, 1997 - $1,338 million, 1998 - $690 million, 
1999 and thereafter - $459 million.



(20)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(5)   Notes Payable After One Year

      A summary of notes payable at December 31, 1995 and 1994 follows:


                                                             (In Millions)
                                                           1995         1994

  
  5.375% Notes due 1995                                       -          150
  Floating Rate Notes due 1995 (a)                            -          100
  8.75% Notes due 1995                                        -          150
  6.25% Notes due 1996                                      200          200
  Medium Term Notes due 1996 (b)                            100          100
  Floating Rate Notes due 1996 (a)                          350          220
  Medium Term Notes due 1997 (b)                            147          147
  Floating Rate Notes due 1997 (a)                          530          200
  Medium Term Notes due 1998 (b)                            100            -
  Floating Rate Notes due 1998 (a)                          120            -
  10.00% Notes due 1999                                     150          150
  10.125% Notes due 1999 (c)                                150          150
  Floating Rate Notes due 2000 (d)                          353            -
  Floating Rate Notes due 2048 (e)                           61           61
  Other Notes due 1996 - 1997                                18           21



            Subtotal                                     $2,279       $1,649

            Less current portion of notes payable
              after one year                               (868)        (403)

            Total Notes Payable After one Year           $1,411       $1,246


(a)   The notes carry interest rates which are based primarily on spreads
      above certain reference rates such as U.S. Treasury Bill, LIBOR and
      Federal funds rates.

(b)   Medium Term Notes due in 1996, 1997, and 1998 have weighted average 
      interest rates of 5.24%, 5.99% and 7.13%, respectively.

(c)   The notes are expected to be redeemed on April 15, 1996, at their
      principal amount plus accrued interest.

(d)   $50 million of Floating Rate Notes due 2000 were redeemed subsequent to
      year-end at their principal amount plus accrued interest.

(e)   The notes mature August 15, 2048 and are repayable annually each August 
      15th at the option of the noteholders.  The outstanding notes are 
      classified as notes payable after one year, since the Company has the 
      ability to refinance them on a long-term basis, if required.  The
      interest rate is indexed to rates on commercial paper placed for issuers 
      whose commercial paper rating is "AA" or the equivalent as reported in 
      Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519), which at year-end was 
      5.80 percent.





(21)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


     Principal payments on notes payable for the next five years are (in 
millions):

               1996                   $   868
               1997                       677
               1998                       220
               1999                       150
               2000                       303
               Thereafter                  61

               Total                  $ 2,279
 
Certain of the Company's debt agreements allow it to redeem outstanding debt, 
usually at par, prior to scheduled maturity.  Outstanding debt issues with 
such call features are classified on the balance sheet and in the preceding 
five-year maturity summary in accordance with management's current 
expectations.  The actual decision as to early redemption will be made at the 
time the early redemption option becomes exercisable and will be based on 
economic and business conditions at that time.

      Interest payments on notes payable for 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $142 
million, $137 million, and $148 million, respectively.  Interest payments on 
commercial paper for 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $79 million, $66 million and $48 
million, respectively.  The weighted-average commercial paper interest rates 
for 1995, 1994 and 1993 were 5.9 percent, 4.4 percent and 3.3 percent, 
respectively.

      At December 31, 1995 and 1994, carrying values of notes payable were 
$2,279 million and $1,649 million, respectively.  The fair values of the 
Company's notes payable at December 31, 1995 and 1994 were $2,309 million and 
$1,640 million, respectively, based on quoted market prices for the notes or 
other issues with similar features and maturity dates.  The difference between 
the fair value and the carrying value represents the theoretical net amounts 
the Company would have paid or received if it had retired all notes payable at 
December 31, 1995 or 1994, respectively.  The Company has no plans to retire 
its notes payable prior to their call or final maturity dates other than as 
described above.

      The original issue discount and other expenses associated with the debt 
offerings are amortized over the term of the related issue.





















(22)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(6)   Income Taxes     

      Income taxes are provided at statutory rates based on income before 
income taxes exclusive of the amortization of investment tax credits and 
earnings not subject to Federal taxation.  Substantially all of the Company's 
operations are included in Xerox' consolidated income tax returns.  In 
connection with these consolidated returns, the Company paid Xerox $48 
million, $86 million, and $136 million in 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  
The Company received a net of $3 million in 1995 from taxing authorities for 
Company operations, and paid net $10 million in 1994 and $1 million in 1993, 
to taxing authorities for Company operations not included in Xerox' 
consolidated tax returns.


The components of income from continuing operations before taxes and the 
provision for income taxes are as follows:
                                                         (In Millions)
                                                    1995      1994      1993

Income from continuing operations
    before income taxes:                          $  119    $  147    $  154

Federal income taxes
    Current                                       $   38    $   47    $   50
    Deferred                                           -         -        (1)

State income taxes
    Current                                           10        13        14
    Deferred                                           -         -         -

        Total provision for income taxes          $   48    $   60    $   63



      A reconciliation of the effective tax rate from the U.S. Federal 
statutory tax rate follows:
                                                    1995      1994      1993

U.S. Federal statutory rate                         35.0%     35.0%     35.0%
State income taxes, net of Federal
    income tax benefit                               5.3       5.8       5.9

Effective tax rate                                  40.3%     40.8%     40.9%


















(23)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


      The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of deferred taxes at December 31, 1995 follows:

                                                     (In millions)
                                                   1995          1994
Tax effect of future tax deductions:
     Discontinued real-estate tax benefit 
     and other                                   $   36        $   30


Tax effect on future taxable income:
  Discontinued leverage leases and other            (35)          (39)



       Total deferred taxes, net                 $    1        $   (9)


      The Company believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax 
assets will be realized in the ordinary course of operations based on 
scheduling of deferred tax liabilities and income from operating activities.



(7)   Xerox Corporation Support Agreement

      The terms of a Support Agreement with Xerox provide that the Company 
will receive income maintenance payments, to the extent necessary, so that the 
Company's earnings shall not be less than 1.25 times its fixed charges.  For 
purposes of this calculation, both earnings and fixed charges are as defined 
in Section 1404 (formerly Section 81(2)) of the New York Insurance Law.  In 
addition, the agreement requires that Xerox retain 100 percent ownership of 
the Company's voting capital stock.




























(24)
<PAGE>



                         XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)


(8)   Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

      A summary of interim financial information follows:

                                                 (In Millions)
                                 First    Second    Third     Fourth
                                Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Total


1995

Earned income                   $   92   $   88    $   87    $   85    $  352

Interest expense                    53       55        57        54       219
 
Operating and administrative
    expenses                         3        4         3         4        14
 
Income before Income Taxes          36       29        27        27       119 

Income taxes                        15       11        11        11        48

Net income                      $   21   $   18    $   16    $   16   $    71



1994

Earned income                   $   93   $   89    $   91    $   89    $  362

Interest expense                    52       50        52        48       202

Operating and administrative
    expenses                         4        3         2         4        13

Income before Income Taxes          37       36        37        37       147

Income taxes                        15       15        15        15        60

Net income                      $   22   $   21    $   22    $   22    $   87





















(25)
<PAGE>



                                                           SCHEDULE II
                             XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                        Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                  Years Ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                  (In Millions)

                                    Additions
                     
                      Balance   Charged   Retained               Balance
                        at        to         at                    at
                      Beginning  Costs      Time                   End
                        of        and        of                    of
                      Period    Expenses  Purchase   Deductions  Period
                                             (A)         (B)


        1995

Allowance for losses-
 continuing operations $ 129    $    -     $  49     $   51      $ 127


        1994

Allowance for losses-
 continuing operations $ 153    $    -     $  19     $   43      $ 129


        1993

Allowance for losses-
 continuing operations $ 139    $    -     $  63     $   49      $ 153


 (A)  In connection with the contracts receivable purchased from Xerox,
      the Company retains an allowance for losses at the time of purchase
      which is intended to protect against future losses.  Should any
      additional allowances be required, Xerox is required under the
      Operating Agreement to provide such funding.  For the period
      covered by this Schedule, no additional funding was required or
      provided.

(B)   Amounts written-off, net of recoveries.






















(26)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                                  Form 10-K
                     For the Year Ended December 31, 1995

                              Index of Exhibits

Document

(3)   (a)   Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant filed with the
            Secretary of State of Delaware on June 23, 1980.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Registration
            Statement No. 2-71503.

      (b)   By-Laws of Registrant, as amended through July 15, 1991.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Registrants Quarterly
            Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1991.

(4)   (a)   Indenture dated as of March 1, 1988 between Registrant and
            The First National Bank of Chicago relating to unlimited amounts
            of debt securities which may be issued from time to time by
            Registrant when and as authorized by Registrant's Board of
            Directors or the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors,
            as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of
            July 1, 1988.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Registration
            Statement No. 33-20640 and to Exhibit 4(a)(2) to Registrant's
            Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 13, 1988.

      (b)   Indenture dated as of March 1, 1989 between Registrant and
            Citibank, N.A. relating to unlimited amounts of debt securities
            which may be issued from time to time by Registrant when and as
            authorized by Registrant's Board of Directors or the
            Executive Committee of the Board of Directors, as supplemented by
            the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 1989.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Registration
            Statement No. 33-27525 and to Exhibit 4(a)(2) to Registration
            Statement No. 33-31367.

      (c)   Indenture dated as of October 1, 1991 between Registrant and
            Citibank, N.A. relating to unlimited amounts of debt securities
            which may be issued from time to time by Registrant when and as
            authorized by the Registrant's Board of Directors or the
            Executive Committee of the Board of Directors, as supplemented
            by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 1992.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a)(1) and 4(a)(2) to
            Registration Statement No. 33-43470.

      (d)   Indenture dated as of May 1, 1994, between Registrant and State     
            Street Bank and Trust Company (formerly The First
            National Bank of Boston) relating to unlimited amounts of debt 
            securities which may be issued from time to time by Registrant 
            when and as authorized by Registrant's Board of Directors or 
            Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.

            Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 (a) to Registrant's 
            Registration Statement No. 33-53533 and to Exhibits 4 (a)(1) 
            and 4 (a)(2) to Registrant's Registration Statement No. 33-43470.



(27)
<PAGE>



                           XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
                                  Form 10-K
                     For the Year Ended December 31, 1995

                        Index of Exhibits (continued)

Document


      (e)  Indenture dated as of October 2, 1995 between Registrant and State 
           Street Bank and Trust Company relating to unlimited amounts of debt 
           securities which may be issued from time to time by Registrant when 
           and as authorized by Registrant's Board of Directors.

           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Registrant's 
           Registration Statement No. 33-61481.

      (f)  Instruments with respect to long-term debt where the total amount
           of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed ten percent
           of the total assets of Registrant and its subsidiaries on a
           consolidated basis have not been filed.  Registrant agrees to
           furnish the Commission a copy of each such instrument upon request.

(10)  (a)  Amended and Restated Operating Agreement originally made and
           entered into as of November 1,  1980, amended and restated as of
           December 31, 1992 between Registrant and Xerox .

           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of Registrant's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1992.

      (b)  Support Agreement dated as of November 1, 1980 between
           Registrant and Xerox.

           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Registration
           Statement No. 2-71503.

      (c)  Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of January 1, 1981 between
           Registrant and Xerox.

           Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Registration
           Statement No. 2-71503.

(12)  (a)  Computation of Registrant's Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.

           See Page 29 of this Report on Form 10-K.

      (b)  Computation of Xerox' Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.

           See Page 30 of this Report on Form 10-K.

(23)       Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.

           See Page 31 of this Report on Form 10-K.









(28)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12 (A) 12-31-95
<TEXT>


<PAGE>


Exhibit 12(a)

                          XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION
               COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                                (In Millions)

                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                 1995      1994      1993      1992      1991

Income before income taxes      $ 119     $ 147     $ 154     $ 158     $ 164

Fixed charges:
  Interest expense
    Xerox debt                      6         5         4         2         -
    Other debt                    213       197       205       210       200
      Total fixed charges         219       202       209       212       200
Earnings available for
  fixed charges                 $ 338     $ 349     $ 363     $ 370     $ 364

Ratio of earnings to
  fixed charges (1)              1.54      1.73      1.74      1.75      1.82



(1)  The ratio of earnings to fixed charges has been computed based on the
     Company's continuing operations by dividing total earnings available
     for fixed charges by total fixed charges.  Debt has been assigned to
     discontinued operations based on the net assets of discontinued 
     operations and the debt to equity ratios that existed at the time the
     assets were acquired.  For 1995, the amount of interest expense that 
     would have been allocated to discontinued operations is insignificant and
     therefore is now being reported within continuing operations.  The 
     discontinued operations consist of the Company's real estate development
     and related financing operations and its third-party financing and 
     leasing businesses.



























(29)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12.B
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 12 (B) 12-31-95
<TEXT>


<PAGE>


Exhibit 12(b)


                              XEROX CORPORATION
               COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES

                                (In Millions)

                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                 1995      1994      1993*     1992      1991
Fixed charges:
  Interest expense            $   591   $   520    $  540   $   627   $   596
  Rental expense                  142       170       180       187       178
    Total fixed charges before
       capitalized interest       733       690       720       814       774
  Capitalized interest              -         2         5        17         3
    Total fixed charges       $   733   $   692    $  725   $   831   $   777

Earnings available for fixed
  charges:
  Earnings**                  $ 1,979   $ 1,602    $ (193)  $ 1,183   $ 1,035
  Less undistributed
      income in minority
      owned companies             (90)      (54)      (51)      (52)      (70)
  Add fixed charges before
      capitalized interest        733       690       720       814       774
  Total earnings available
      for fixed charges       $ 2,622   $ 2,238    $  476   $ 1,945   $ 1,739

Ratio of earnings to
  fixed charges (1)(2)           3.58      3.23      0.66      2.34      2.24


(1)  The ratio of earnings to fixed charges has been computed based on
     Xerox' continuing operations by dividing total earnings available for
     fixed charges, excluding capitalized interest, by total fixed charges.
     Fixed charges consist of interest, including capitalized interest, and
     one-third of rent expense as representative of the interest portion of
     rentals.  Debt has been assigned to discontinued operations based on
     historical levels assigned to the businesses when they were continuing 
     operations adjusted for subsequent paydowns.  The discontinued operations
     consist of Xerox' Insurance and Other Financial Services businesses and
     its real-estate development and third-party financing businesses.

(2)  Xerox' ratio of earnings to fixed charges includes the effect of,
     Xerox' finance subsidiaries which primarily finance Xerox equipment.
     Financing businesses are more highly leveraged and, therefore, tend to
     operate at lower earnings to fixed charges ratio levels than do non-
     financial businesses.

*    1993 earnings were inadequate to cover fixed charges.  The coverage 
     deficiency was $249 million.

**   Sum of "Income (Loss) before Income Taxes, Equity Income and Minorities'
     Interests" and "Equity in Net Income of Unconsolidated Affiliates."







(30)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 12-31-95
<TEXT>


<PAGE>


                                                                   Exhibit 23

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



The Board of Directors
Xerox Credit Corporation

We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(No. 33-43470 and No. 33-61481) on Form S-3 of Xerox Credit 
Corporation of our report dated January 24, 1996, relating to the 
consolidated balance sheets of Xerox Credit Corporation and consolidated
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994 and the related consolidated
statements of income, shareholder's equity and cash flows and related
financial statement schedule for each of the years in the three-year period
ended December 31, 1995 which report appears in the December 31, 1995 Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Xerox Credit Corporation. 




                                                         KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP

Stamford, Connecticut
March 28, 1996






























(31)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ART. 5 FDS FOR 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM
XEROX CREDIT CORPORATION'S DECEMBER 31, 1995, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1000000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                               0
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                     3778
<ALLOWANCES>                                       127
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                  3651
<PP&E>                                               0
<DEPRECIATION>                                       0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                    3837
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                             1847
<BONDS>                                           1490
<COMMON>                                            23
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                         477
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                      3837
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                   352
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                        0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                    14
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 219
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    119
<INCOME-TAX>                                        48
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                 71
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                        71
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                        0
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
