-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 k6+0c/gTuDMSKbkfPkRQyuDn7GKD1vgZhFW04e1RTDWV9EF9qfD43mCfRMIZWB5Q
 BHYT8WaC9YQDtshh6o/zVA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000721080-95-000012.txt : 19950629<IMS-HEADER>0000721080-95-000012.hdr.sgml : 19950629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721080-95-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950331
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950628
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XYVISION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000721080
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				042751102
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14747
		FILM NUMBER:		95549923

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EDGEWATER DR
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6172454100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 EDGEWATER DRIVE
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
                                   DELAWARE 

        (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) 

                                  04-2751102 

                               (I.R.S. EMPLOYER 
                             IDENTIFICATION NO.) 

                101 EDGEWATER DRIVE, WAKEFIELD, MA 01880-1291 
         (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)          (ZIP CODE) 
     REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:  (617) 245-4100 
      SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 (B) OF THE ACT: NONE 
        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 (G) OF THE ACT: 
                         COMMON STOCK $.03 PAR VALUE 
                       PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS 
                               (TITLE OF CLASS) 
   INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS 
 REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
 OF 1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE 
  REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS), AND (2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO 
SUCH FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS.               YES  [X]  NO  [ ] 
  INDICATE BY CHECK MARK IF DISCLOSURE OF DELINQUENT FILERS PURSUANT TO ITEM 
 405 OF REGULATION S-K IS NOT CONTAINED HEREIN, AND WILL NOT BE CONTAINED, TO 
  THE BEST OF THE REGISTRANT'S KNOWLEDGE, IN DEFINITIVE PROXY OR INFORMATION 
  STATEMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN PART III OF THIS FORM 10-K OR ANY 
AMENDMENT TO THIS FORM 10-K.                                 YES  [X]  NO  [ ] 
 THE AGGREGATE MARKET VALUE OF COMMON STOCK HELD BY NON-AFFILIATES ON MAY 31, 
                             1995 WAS $2,844,304. 

As of May 31, 1995, the registrant had 8,653,397 shares of Xyvision, Inc. 
Common Stock, $.03 par value, outstanding. 
                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant 
to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year 
(March 31, 1995) are incorporated by reference in Part III. 

                                1           
<PAGE>
                                    PART I 

   Business 

                                   GENERAL 

   Xvyision, Inc. ("Xyvision" or the "Company") develops, markets, and 
supports advanced software for document management, publishing, and prepress 
applications. The Company combines its software with standard computer 
hardware, selected third-party software, and support services to create 
tightly integrated systems to improve productivity and strategic position. 
Xyvision markets and supports its software worldwide. 

   Xyvision offers two products -- Parlance Publisher(Trademark) and Parlance 
Document Manager(Trademark) ("PDM") -- as the core technologies in systems 
for document management and publishing applications ("Xyvision Publishing 
Systems"). These systems are used to automate the production of reference 
books, journals, catalogs, directories, financial and legal materials, and 
technical manuals. 

   Xyvision's color electronic prepress applications ("Contex Prepress 
Systems") are based on Xyvision's Contex(Trademark) product line. Contex 
Prepress Systems are marketed primarily to commercial trade shops, printers, 
and prepress service organizations, as well as to consumer goods companies, 
advanced design firms, and packaging manufacturers. 

                                   OVERVIEW 

   During the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995, ("fiscal 1995") Xyvision 
continued its strategy of focusing on the following tasks: (i) marketing its 
new technologies, (ii) broadening geographic distribution and expanding 
indirect channels to the market, (iii) controlling expenses, and (iv) 
restructuring the Company's financial position. The Company continued to 
place growing emphasis on marketing and enhancing its new technologies and 
broadening geographic distribution. 

   Xyvision released an enhanced version of its compound document management 
software, Parlance Document Manager (PDM 2.2), in the fourth quarter of 
fiscal 1995. In keeping with Xyvision's strategy of increasing channels to 
market, this release included the PDM Portal, which enables system 
integrators to integrate PDM to external processes and systems through an 
open API (Application Programming Interface). This functionality expedites 
the development and integration process for third parties and simplifies the 
process for incorporating new data types, such as audio, video, and 
animation. 

   New PDM customers in fiscal 1995 include the Australian Government 
Publishing Services, Gulfstream Aerospace, American Society for Testing and 
Materials (ASTM), Tweddle Litho, Cummins Engine (U.K.), Koninklijke Vermande 
B.V. (Holland), and Warren, Gorham and Lamont. In addition, Xyvision formed a 
strategic alliance with ISSC Publishing & Consulting Services, an IBM 
subsidiary, to co-market Xyvision products. Xyvision also received several 
orders for system expansion from existing PDM customers and believes Parlance 
Document Manager is an important factor in sustaining Company profitability. 

   Xyvision released version 4.1 of its high-speed batch and interactive 
composition system, Xyvision Parlance Publisher (XPP), in the second quarter 
of fiscal 1995. This release included multiple language support, expanded 
graphics handling, OPI (Open Prepress Interface) support, and a 
Quark(Registered Trademark) to Xyvision toolkit option. Xyvision also 
integrated Adobe(Trademark) Illustrator(Trademark), Photoshop(Trademark), and 
Acrobat(Trademark) for UNIX with Parlance Publisher and has signed an 
agreement with Adobe Systems to market these products. In addition, the 
Company signed an agreement with Exoterica Corporation to distribute its 
OmniMark(Trademark) software for translation of SGML coded information into 
and out of XPP format. Core product development combined with strategic 
technology alliances has proven to be an effective means of increasing 
product functionality and reducing product development cycles. 

   New XPP customers in fiscal 1995 include Alexander Graphics, News 
Printing, Reed Technology and Information Services Inc. (U.S. and U.K.), 
Elsevier Science Inc., EVACO, U.S. Air Force, Swiss Air Force, Finnish Air 
Force, Berger-Levrault (France), Site (France), The Rustica Press (South 
Africa), Durigo (Italy), Tipografica Giuntina (Italy), MGB Ltd. (Israel), 
Embraer (Brazil), Qantas (Australia), and Telecommunications of Jamaica. The 
Company believes that the interest in Parlance Publisher continues due to its 
superior automation capabilities and to a diminishing number of competitors 
in the high-end publishing system arena. 

                                1           
<PAGE>
   The focus of the Company's effort to broaden geographic distribution has 
been on Xyvision's Contex product line. This program, called Contex Prepress 
Partners(Trademark), made further progress towards establishing a worldwide 
network of value added resellers with appropriate applications support and 
systems integration skills to resell Contex and complementary products and 
services to customers in their territory. In fiscal 1995, the Company was 
able to add Contex Prepress Partners for Southeast Asia, additional countries 
in Europe, and additional regions in the United States. 

   The Company continued to adjust expenses to meet the realities of being a 
software and services business. Gross margin percentage decreased in fiscal 
1995 primarily due to increased amortization of software development costs. 
During fiscal 1995, operating expenses decreased $611,000 to 46% of revenues 
as compared to 50% of revenues last fiscal year. 

   During fiscal 1994, the Company's employee headcount stabilized following 
several years of planned workforce reductions. In fiscal 1995, the Company's 
employee headcount increased to meet operational needs. Should the Company's 
financial performance continue to improve in fiscal 1996, the Company's 
headcount is expected to modestly increase. 

   During fiscal 1994, the Company's line of credit with a current investor 
in the Company was amended to increase the line of credit from $2,000,000 to 
$3,000,000. This line, which is secured by essentially all the assets of the 
Company, is being used and will continue to be used for general working 
capital purposes. Additional information about the credit line can be found 
in Part II of this Form 10-K. 

   In fiscal 1992, Xyvision initiated a program to restructure the Company's 
6% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2002 (the "Debentures") by issuing 
promissory notes and/or shares of common stock in exchange for the 
cancellation of the Debentures. To date (June 28, 1995), Xyvision has 
completed transactions to restructure $18,675,000, or 83% of the $22,410,000 
Debentures outstanding at the beginning of fiscal 1992. To date, the Company 
has identified the holders of an additional $1,960,000, or 9% of the 
Debentures, leaving $1,775,000, or 8% of the Debentures outstanding at the 
beginning of fiscal 1992, not identified. 

   During the course of its attempts to restructure the Debentures and 
negotiate transactions with Debentureholders, the Company did not make the 
interest payment due on the Debentures on May 5 of 1992, 1993, 1994 or 1995. 

   Under the terms of the Indenture covering the Debentures, the Trustee or 
the holders of not less than 25% of the then outstanding principal amount of 
Debentures have the right to accelerate the maturity date of the remaining 
Debentures. To date (June 28, 1995), such acceleration has neither occurred 
nor been threatened. Additional information about the history and status of 
Xyvision's Debenture restructuring efforts can be found in Part II of this 
Form 10-K. 

   The Company continues to negotiate in good faith with as many of the 
remaining Debentureholders as possible. However, despite the progress that 
has been made, the Company can still give no assurance about the outcome of 
the Debenture restructuring efforts and does not expect the matter to be 
resolved in the near future. If the Company is unable to enter into 
restructuring transactions with the remaining Debentureholders, and such 
Debentureholders seek to pursue legal remedies against the Company, the 
Company may have to seek protection under applicable laws, including the 
Bankruptcy Code, while it develops, analyzes, and completes alternative 
restructuring strategies. 

   In addition, as of September 30, 1994 the Company had issued promissory 
notes in an aggregate principal amount of $5,692,000 in connection with the 
Debenture exchange transactions described above, the interest on which 
accrued at a rate of 15% per year and totalled $2,344,000 payable at 
maturity. Such 15% Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 
$4,542,000 were to mature on September 30, 1994, and the remainder of these 
15% Promissory Notes mature at various dates between September 30, 1994 and 
February 28, 1997. In order to 

                                2           
<PAGE>
relieve itself of the payment obligations on the Promissory Notes, in fiscal 
1995 the Company began a program to restructure the Promissory Notes. During 
fiscal 1995, the Company completed exchange transactions with holders of 15% 
Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of $4,637,000, in which, in 
exchange for the cancellation of a 15% Promissory Note (including all rights 
to receive any interest accrued thereon), the Company issued (i) a new 
Promissory Note that will mature 30 months from the date of issuance and 
bears interest at 4% per annum, (ii) one share of common stock for each 
$10.00 of principal amount of 15% Promissory Note delivered and (iii) one 
share of Series B Preferred Stock for each $10.00 of interest due on the 15% 
Promissory Note delivered. The Series B Preferred Stock accrues a cumulative 
dividend in the amount of $.40 per share per annum, whether or not declared, 
and has a liquidation preference of $12.50 per share, plus any dividends 
declared or accrued but unpaid. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is 
convertible into two shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for 
certain events as defined in the Series B Preferred Stock terms. 
Additionally, holders of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are 
entitled to voting rights equivalent to the rights attributable to the whole 
shares of common stock into which the Series B Preferred Stock is 
convertible. The Company will seek to restructure the remaining 15% 
Promissory Notes. 

   During fiscal 1996, Xyvision will focus on growing its position as a 
leading supplier of advanced software for document management, publishing, 
and prepress applications by: (i) enhancing and expanding its technologies, 
(ii) focusing on targeted market segments, (iii) emphasizing superior 
customer support, and (iv) leveraging its global presence. Additionally, the 
Company will consider scenarios to refinance its various debt obligations. 
Management believes these tasks are the primary ingredients for continued 
profitable operations. While the Company remains confident about its future, 
it can give no assurance regarding the ultimate success of its strategy. 

                         XYVISION PUBLISHING SYSTEMS 

  XYVISION PUBLISHING SYSTEMS ARE DESIGNED TO HELP USERS MEET THEIR BUSINESS 
  AND PUBLISHING NEEDS BY PROVIDING COMPREHENSIVE PUBLISHING SOLUTIONS THAT 
 AUTOMATE THE PUBLISHING PROCESS, ENABLE OUTPUT TO BOTH PAPER AND ELECTRONIC 
 MEDIA, AND PROVIDE POWER AND SPEED UNATTAINABLE WITH DESKTOP PRODUCTS. THESE 
     SYSTEMS ALLOW USERS TO OPERATE IN A MULTI-VENDOR NETWORKED COMPUTING 
  ENVIRONMENT; TRANSPARENTLY SHARE, REUSE, AND MANAGE TEXT AND GRAPHICS DATA 
  FROM MULTIPLE SOURCES THROUGHOUT AN ORGANIZATION; MAXIMIZE PRODUCTIVITY BY 
 USING THE APPROPRIATE COMPUTER PLATFORMS AND APPLICATIONS; AND RETAIN THEIR 
 INVESTMENTS IN EXISTING HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, AND TRAINING. XYVISION DEVELOPS 
    AND MARKETS TWO HIGH-PERFORMANCE, OPEN PUBLISHING SOLUTIONS: PARLANCE 
                   DOCUMENT MANAGER AND PARLANCE PUBLISHER. 

  PARLANCE DOCUMENT MANAGER (PDM) ADDRESSES THE INFORMATION NEEDS OF TODAY'S 
 CORPORATE AND COMMERCIAL PUBLISHERS: MANAGING LARGE AMOUNTS OF INFORMATION, 
PUBLISHING INFORMATION IN BOTH PAPER AND ELECTRONIC MEDIA, AND LEVERAGING THE 
 VALUE OF INFORMATION BY ENABLING INFORMATION REUSE IN MULTIPLE PRODUCTS. PDM 
 IS A CLIENT/SERVER COMPOUND DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM THAT STORES DOCUMENT 
    ELEMENTS AS INFORMATION OBJECTS IN A CENTRAL DATABASE, ALLOWING THESE 
 ELEMENTS TO BE SHARED AND REUSED IN MULTIPLE DOCUMENTS. IT SUPPORTS OBJECTS 
 OF VARYING TYPES AND SIZES, AND MANAGES A WIDE VARIETY OF TEXT AND GRAPHICS 
  FORMATS INCLUDING SGML (STANDARD GENERALIZED MARKUP LANGUAGE) AND POPULAR 
 UNIX OR WINDOWS WORD PROCESSING FORMATS, ALLOWING USERS VIRTUALLY UNLIMITED 
 FLEXIBILITY AND ACCESS. IN ADDITION, PDM PROVIDES VERSION CONTROL, BUILT-IN 
    WORKFLOW, AND CONTENT MANAGEMENT THAT AUTOMATE EDITORIAL PROCESSES FOR 
                         COMPLEX PUBLISHING PROJECTS. 

  PDM IS WELL SUITED FOR PUBLISHING ENVIRONMENTS WITH LARGE AMOUNTS OF TEXT, 
    GRAPHICS, AND OTHER DATA THAT ARE FORMATTED AND PUBLISHED IN MULTIPLE 
    VERSIONS OR ON MULTIPLE MEDIA. IT ALLOWS CUSTOMERS TO PRODUCE EXISTING 
  PUBLICATIONS MORE ACCURATELY AND COST-EFFECTIVELY, AND PROVIDES ADDITIONAL 
 REVENUE OPPORTUNITIES BY ENABLING USERS TO CREATE NEW PRODUCTS FROM EXISTING 
                                 INFORMATION. 

   XYVISION PARLANCE PUBLISHER (XPP) SHORTENS PRODUCTION CYCLES AND REDUCES 
        COSTS BY AUTOMATING COMPOSITION AND PAGINATION OF HIGH-VOLUME, 
   TYPOGRAPHICALLY-DEMANDING DOCUMENTS. XPP OFFERS A POWERFUL SOLUTION FOR 
 CORPORATE AND COMMERCIAL PUBLISHERS WHO WANT TO STREAMLINE AND AUTOMATE THE 
 PRODUCTION OF COMPLEX DOCUMENTS--FROM THE INPUT OF TEXT AND GRAPHICS TO THE 
OUTPUT OF FULLY COMPOSED AND PAGINATED PAGES, FILM SEPARATIONS, OR ELECTRONIC 
     OUTPUT. ADVANCED FEATURES INCLUDE BATCH AND INTERACTIVE COMPOSITION, 
      AUTOMATIC IMPORT AND PLACEMENT OF GRAPHICS, SPOT AND PROCESS COLOR 
  SPECIFICATION, POWERFUL TABULAR AND MATH COMPOSITION, EXTENSIVE FOOTNOTING 
    CAPABILITIES, AUTOMATIC LOOSELEAF COMPOSITION, AND COMMERCIAL-QUALITY 
                            TYPOGRAPHIC CONTROLS. 

THE COMPANY BELIEVES THE SPEED, POWER, AND BACKGROUND PROCESSING CAPABILITIES 

                                3           
<PAGE>
                          OF PARLANCE PUBLISHER MAKE 

                                3           
<PAGE>
  IT THE MOST VERSATILE AND POWERFUL COMPOSITION SYSTEM AVAILABLE TODAY. XPP 
 ENABLES CUSTOMERS TO SIGNIFICANTLY SHORTEN PRODUCTION TIME AND REDUCE COSTS 
                   ASSOCIATED WITH THE PUBLISHING PROCESS. 

    XYVISION ALSO PROVIDES CUSTOMERS WITH A COMPREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT 
       PROGRAM THAT INCLUDES SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, PRODUCTION ANALYSIS, 
    IMPLEMENTATION PLANNING, ON-SITE AND CLASSROOM TRAINING, APPLICATIONS 
    SUPPORT, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, REMOTE DIAGNOSTICS, AND FIELD SERVICE AND 
                                   SUPPORT. 

  XYVISION PUBLISHING SYSTEMS ARE CURRENTLY SOLD FOR UNIX-BASED SERVERS AND 
 WORKSTATIONS FROM SUN(REGISTERED TRADEMARK) MICROSYSTEMS AND IBM(REGISTERED 
    TRADEMARK). XYVISION ALSO OFFERS PDM PC CLIENT SOFTWARE RUNNING UNDER 
   MICROSOFT(REGISTERED TRADEMARK) WINDOWS. XYVISION'S SUPPORT OF STANDARD 
   HARDWARE PLATFORMS GIVES CUSTOMERS THE ADVANTAGES OF SUPERIOR PRICE AND 
  PERFORMANCE, LEADING-EDGE TECHNOLOGIES FROM MAJOR COMPUTER VENDORS, AND AN 
                  ASSURED GROWTH PATH FOR FUTURE EXPANSION. 

                           CONTEX PREPRESS SYSTEMS 

   The Contex family of color electronic design and prepress software 
automate full-color design, stripping, and page assembly operations used to 
produce packaging, inserts, advertisements, brochures, catalogs, and other 
high-quality color printed materials. 

   For design environments, Contex systems feature the ability to take a 
design from initial concept through full-size "comprehensives" to final 
mechanical art, all from the same electronic data. The user can bring 
together design elements such as text, graphics and multi-color backgrounds 
and connect and integrate them with a variety of sizing, cropping, masking, 
overlay, and special effects facilities. 

   For prepress environments, Contex systems form the core workstation of a 
full function color electronic prepress system ("CEPS"). Contex systems can 
handle input from other CEPS systems, PostScript applications, image 
scanners, and other sources of high-resolution, high-quality line art and 
continuous tone images used to generate high-quality printed work. Contex 
systems then provide the sophisticated color image processing needed to 
generate output films, called separations, used in the printing process. 
These separations are generated by a wide variety of film plotters made by 
other companies that connect directly or indirectly to a Contex system. 

   If desired, full-size, full-color, hard-copy proofs can be generated to 
aid in design evaluation, review, and approval processes. For package 
designs, three-dimensional mock-ups can be created. Synthetic imaging can 
also be created to show a new package design on a store shelf alongside 
competing products. 

   While Contex systems provide capabilities to enhance the generation of 
quality color materials, they are primarily purchased to improve 
productivity. Contex software operates on UNIX-based RISC workstations and 
servers from Silicon Graphics, Inc. This hardware is used because of its 
leading capabilities for interactive manipulation of complex color images. 

                     MARKETS, APPLICATIONS, AND CUSTOMERS 

WITHIN THE BROAD MARKET FOR COMPUTER-BASED ELECTRONIC PUBLISHING, INFORMATION 
   MANAGEMENT, AND PRINTING TECHNOLOGIES, THE COMPANY TARGETS ITS MARKETING 
      EFFORTS PRIMARILY TO THREE KEY APPLICATION SEGMENTS: (1) TECHNICAL 
DOCUMENTATION, (2) COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING, AND (3) COLOR ELECTRONIC DESIGN AND 
                            PREPRESS APPLICATIONS. 

      TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION APPLICATIONS SEGMENT. This market includes 
 corporations and product manufacturers who produce documentation in support 
 of a product or service, as well as trade shops who service these companies. 
  Customers in this segment include aerospace, automotive, heavy equipment, 
            computers, electronics, and transportation companies. 

 TYPICAL DOCUMENTS PRODUCED BY THESE COMPANIES INCLUDE REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE 
    MANUALS, TRANSPORTATION DIRECTORIES, AND SOFTWARE DOCUMENTATION. THESE 
   DOCUMENTS TYPICALLY HAVE A LONG SHELF LIFE, NEED FREQUENT REVISIONS, AND 
   REQUIRE OUTPUT IN A VARIETY OF FORMATS INCLUDING INTERACTIVE ELECTRONIC 
 TECHNICAL MANUALS (IETMS), CD-ROM, AND TRADITIONAL LOOSELEAF PAPER MANUALS. 
 BECAUSE OF GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND THE NEED TO OUTPUT ON MULTIPLE MEDIA, 
  TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS ARE INCREASINGLY AUTHORED AND STORED IN SGML, A FORMAT 
    SUPPORTED BY PDM AND XPP. PRODUCT MANUFACTURERS OFTEN SUPPORT MULTIPLE 
  MODELS, OR VERSIONS, BUILT FROM THE SAME BASELINE PRODUCT. THESE PRODUCTS 
 SHARE COMMON PARTS AND PROCEDURES, BUT ALSO CONTAIN UNIQUE COMPONENTS. USING 
   TRADITIONAL SYSTEMS AND PROCESSES, THE DOCUMENTATION THAT SUPPORTS THESE 

                                4           
<PAGE>
PRODUCTS OFTEN CONTAINS COMMON DATA THAT IS CREATED, UPDATED, AND DISTRIBUTED 
    REDUNDANTLY. XYVISION'S PARLANCE DOCUMENT MANAGER ELIMINATES REDUNDANT 
    EDITING, STREAMLINES THE OVERALL PRODUCTION CYCLE, AND SUPPORTS UNIQUE 
  PRODUCT DERIVATIVES. CUSTOMERS BENEFIT BY IMPROVING DOCUMENTATION ACCURACY 
                   AND REDUCING PRODUCTION TIME AND COSTS. 

                                4           
<PAGE>
    COMPANIES WHO PRODUCE TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION OFTEN PRODUCE MANUALS IN 
 LOOSELEAF FORMAT AND DISTRIBUTE UPDATES AS LOOSELEAF CHANGE PAGES. PARLANCE 
      PUBLISHER'S UNIQUE AUTOMATIC LOOSELEAF OPTION ENABLES COMPANIES TO 
AUTOMATICALLY CREATE UPDATE PAGES WHEN NEW INFORMATION IS ADDED TO PREVIOUSLY 
 RELEASED DOCUMENTS, ENABLING USERS TO DISTRIBUTE ONLY CHANGED PAGES INSTEAD 
OF REPRINTS OF THE ENTIRE DOCUMENT. THIS CAN DRAMATICALLY REDUCE PRINTING AND 
 WAREHOUSING COSTS, AND ALLOWS MORE TIMELY UPDATES OF TECHNICAL INFORMATION. 

      XYVISION CUSTOMERS IN THE TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION SEGMENT INCLUDE: 
 AEROSPATIALE (FRANCE), BOEING HELICOPTERS, CONSOLIDATED FREIGHTWAYS, CUMMINS 
 ENGINE, GULFSTREAM AEROSPACE, GENERAL ELECTRIC, MCDONNELL DOUGLAS AEROSPACE, 
  FORD MOTOR CO., PRATT & WHITNEY CANADA, RAYTHEON SERVICE COMPANY, TWEDDLE 
          LITHO, SIKORSKY AIRCRAFT, AND WESTLAND HELICOPTERS (U.K.). 

COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING APPLICATIONS SEGMENT. Customers in this segment include 
 commercial printers and trade service bureaus, book and journal publishers, 
     legal publishers, professional associations, wholesale distributors, 
  financial services and insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, and 
  government agencies. Commercial printers and trade service bureaus produce 
  periodicals, text and reference books, directories, and other high-quality 
 printed materials. While these companies do not own the information within a 
publication, document production is the company's major source of income, and 
timely delivery of quality work is essential. Additionally, service providers 
    have begun to produce a variety of electronic deliverables to generate 
   additional revenue, including Internet online, CD-ROM, and Adobe Acrobat 
      documents. Parlance Publisher gives commercial service providers a 
   competitive advantage by enabling them to quickly produce high-quality, 
                 camera-ready, printed and electronic output. 

       COMMERCIAL PUBLISHERS, SUCH AS LEGAL PUBLISHERS AND PROFESSIONAL 
 ASSOCIATIONS, OWN THE PUBLISHED INFORMATION AND HAVE INCREASINGLY BEEN FACED 
 WITH THE NEED TO BETTER MANAGE INFORMATION CONTENT, VERSIONS, AND WORKFLOW. 
     XYVISION'S PDM PROVIDES THESE COMPANIES WITH A COMPLETE INFORMATION 
  MANAGEMENT SOLUTION THAT REDUCES COSTS, SHORTENS THE PRODUCTION CYCLE, AND 
ENABLES CUSTOMERS TO GENERATE NEW REVENUE BY REPACKAGING EXISTING INFORMATION 
                       INTO NEW PUBLICATIONS OR MEDIA. 

  XYVISION CUSTOMERS IN THE COMMERCIAL PUBLISHING SEGMENT INCLUDE AAA, ASTM, 
  AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF PHYSICS, AMERICAN CHEMICAL SOCIETY, AMERICAN MEDICAL 
  ASSOCIATION, CADMUS JOURNAL SERVICES, CAPITAL PRINTING SYSTEMS, FACTS AND 
  COMPARISONS, GRAFIKON (BELGIUM), IDEA INSTITUTE (JAPAN), MERCK & CO., R.R. 
    DONNELLEY & SONS, SHEPARD'S/MCGRAW-HILL, REED ELSEVIER, TVSM, THOMSON 
                 PROFESSIONAL PUBLISHING, AND VALUELINE, INC. 

    COLOR ELECTRONIC DESIGN AND PREPRESS APPLICATIONS SEGMENT. This market 
 segment consists of commercial trade shops, printers, packaging convertors, 
  prepress service companies, consumer goods companies, and independent and 
   in-house design organizations that specialize in packaging, advertising, 
 catalogs, brochures, promotional displays and similar printed material that 
                  involves complex layout of color elements. 

   For commercial trade shops, printers, and prepress service companies, the 
production of catalogs, brochures, posters or ads involves assembling job 
elements and page geometries into a high-quality, finished, printed piece. 
Typically, these organizations receive data from their clients in a variety 
of formats during various stages of the production cycle. 

   Design firms, packaging manufacturers and consumer goods companies are 
responsible for creating packages, free-standing newspaper inserts, in-store 
promotions, and other collateral for consumer product marketing. For these 
companies, the challenge is taking an initial design concept through to 
completion. 

   For each of these groups, success depends significantly on their ability 
to make the path from design through production completely electronic. They 
need to be able to create an open-systems environment that allows them to 
accept data in any format, at any time and to manage projects and people for 
efficient use of available resources. 

   Contex software is sold to general and packaging trade shops, general 
printers, and packaging converters primarily to facilitate the color prepress 
production processes. It is sold to package designers and consumer product 
companies to facilitate the more interactive needs of designers. This 
typically involves exploration of design concepts and alternatives, and 
requires experimental, hands-on operations from designers. 

   Xyvision's customers in the color electronic design and prepress 
application segment include: Akerlund & Rausing (Sweden), Banta/Color 
Response, Field Packaging (U.K.), The Gillette Company, DAR Projects (U.K.), 
Kimberly Clark, HEL Productions (Australia), Novacel (Mexico), Lincoln 
Graphics, Prestige Graphics (Malaysia), Rubber Type, Schawkgraphics, 

                                5           
<PAGE>
Scandicolor (Denmark), Schmalback-Lubeca (Germany), Southern Graphics, and 
Litho Plus (Canada). 

                                5           
<PAGE>
                               PRODUCT STRATEGY 

   In the 1980s, Xyvision's strengths were primarily in organizations with 
production-oriented work groups that produced high-volume and/or high-quality 
documents and publications. In the 1990s, the tendency is for greater control 
to be moved into the hands of information creators (e.g., designers, authors, 
illustrators, etc.), with increasing focus placed on streamlining the 
production and dissemination processes. Also, there has been significant 
growth in the use of: (i) color, (ii) electronic deliverables (e.g., CD-Rom 
and the Internet), and (iii) document databases. Electronic dissemination is 
expected to lead to significant growth in multimedia publications. 

   Xyvision recognizes that today's customers demand an open system with 
access to a wide range of products in an integrated environment. These 
systems must meet a customer's current needs while still providing a sound, 
flexible platform to meet their future needs in a rapidly changing 
marketplace. Xyvision's product and business strategy reflect a commitment to 
provide users with the tools to create this environment, which enables them 
to leverage existing investments, implement an efficient operation, and 
realize significant cost reductions and productivity increases. 

   Xyvision's product development will continue to embrace open-systems 
technology and standards, and will focus on: (i) enhanced and broader 
functionality, (ii) document, information, and image management, (iii) 
workflow management, and (iv) productivity increases. The commitment to 
open-systems technology should continue to allow popular third-party 
applications, including desktop tools, to be integrated into each of 
Xyvision's solutions. Also, integration of third-party applications provides 
further leverage, as users can continue to use the "right tool for the right 
task" on equipment already in place throughout the organization or work 
group. 

                            SALES AND DISTRIBUTION 

   Xyvision Publishing Systems. In the United States and Canada, Xyvision 
markets these products and services primarily through a direct sales force. 
However, for larger document management systems, the Company is increasingly 
marketing through and with large systems integrators. In Europe, Asia, and 
Australia, these products and services are provided by independent 
distributors with appropriate systems integration skills. 

   Contex Prepress Systems. Xyvision markets the Contex software and 
associated services primarily through a worldwide network of value added 
resellers with appropriate applications support and systems integration 
skills. This distribution program is called Contex Prepress 
Partners(Trademark). 

   International. The Company maintains a European sales and support 
headquarters in England. International revenues are expected to be of growing 
importance to the Company. 

                         CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SUPPORT 

   Most of Xyvision's customers enter into maintenance and support contracts 
and receive training. As part of a standard software support contract, the 
Company provides software and documentation updates, as well as telephone 
support. Each customer site is provided with remote diagnostics for the 
identification, isolation, and resolution of system problems. Hardware 
maintenance is provided by the vendor who manufactured the hardware. 

   Upon request, Xyvision will provide its customers with complete workflow 
and configuration analysis, pre-installation planning, system integration, 
on-site and classroom training, applications support, program management, 
remote diagnostics, and field service and support. 

   Revenues from customer service and support have been 40%, 38%, and 36% of 
overall revenues during fiscal 1993, fiscal 1994, and fiscal 1995, 
respectively. 

                     PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING 

   The market for the Company's products is characterized by rapid 
technological change that requires the continuing enhancement of existing 
products and the development of new products. During the past three fiscal 
years ended March 31, 1995, the Company's investments in product development 
and engineering, before the capitalization of software costs, have been a 
significant percentage (17-19%) of the Company's total revenues. 

                                6           
<PAGE>
   In the future, the Company's product development efforts will focus on 
continuing to enhance its open- architecture systems, increasing the 
price/performance of its products and developing software for specific 
application needs. The Company believes it will have to continue to invest a 
significant portion of its revenues in development to remain competitive in 
its markets. 

                                 COMPETITION 

   The markets for document management, publishing, and prepress systems are 
highly competitive. Xyvision competes with a number of companies, and other 
companies not currently in these markets may introduce competing products. 
Many existing and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, 
technical, and marketing resources than Xyvision. 

   Competition is usually based on: (i) price/performance, (ii) functionality 
differences, (iii) quality and extent of service and support, and (iv) the 
financial strength of the vendor. 

   In the market segment for document management and publishing applications 
for technical documentation, Xyvision principally competes with 
Frame/Datalogics, Documentum, Intergraph, Interleaf, and Xerox. In the 
commercial publishing applications market segment, the Company's principal 
competitors are CCI Europe, Miles 33, and Quark. In the prepress applications 
market segment, the Company competes primarily with Barco/Disc, Dainippon 
Screen, Linotype-Hell, Wright Technologies, Scitex, and a wide variety of 
desktop packages from companies such as Quark and Adobe. 

                         MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLIERS 

   Xyvision's Contex family of prepress systems is based on workstations and 
operating systems from Silicon Graphics, Inc. The Company's document 
management and publishing product lines have completed a transition from 
proprietary hardware platforms to workstations and operating systems from Sun 
Microsystems, IBM (including IBM's power PC products) and DEC. A significant 
interruption in supply from these vendors would have a material adverse 
effect on the Company. 

                                   BACKLOG 

   The Company believes that it is able to anticipate near-term demand for 
its products and ship products shortly after receipt of the order. 
Accordingly, the Company's backlog at any particular time is not indicative 
of future sales levels. 

                      PATENTS, LICENSES, AND TRADEMARKS 

   The Company relies on copyright, patent, and trade secret law to protect 
its technology. Management believes that because of rapid technological 
changes in professional publishing and color electronic design and prepress 
technologies, patent, trade secret, and copyright protection is not as 
significant to the Company's business as the technical and creative skills of 
its employees. 

   Xyvision, PackageMaker, RIP'n'Strip, and RoboRIP are registered trademarks 
of the Company. The Company also uses the following trademarks; Parlance 
Publisher, Parlance Document Manager, Contex, Contex Professional, Contex 
LinePro, Contex Prepress Partners, DotBox, and SmarTrap. 

   The Company has acquired non-exclusive licenses for certain software from 
several companies. These licenses permit the Company to grant sublicenses to 
its customers. Loss of the Company's rights to grant sublicenses to its 
customers on some of these software products could have a material adverse 
effect on the Company. 

                                  EMPLOYEES 

   As of March 31, 1995, the Company employed 171 persons, which included 50 
in research and development, 47 in sales and marketing, 51 in customer 
support, and 23 in finance and administration. 

                                7           
<PAGE>
   Xyvision's products are primarily proprietary software and services. 
Software and services companies are commonly referred to as "intellectual 
property companies." As an intellectual property company, management believes 
that the future success of the Company will depend in large part on its 
ability to attract and retain qualified employees. The Company does not 
expect to encounter any significant difficulty in hiring or retaining such 
personnel. The Company's employees are not represented by a labor union, and 
the Company has never suffered an interruption of business as a result of a 
labor dispute. The Company believes its employee relations are excellent. 

   Properties 

   The Company's executive, administrative, research and development, and 
home office sales support facilities are located in a 77,214 square foot 
building in Wakefield, Massachusetts. The Company occupies this facility 
under a lease which expires in February 1996 (with a two-year option to 
extend on the part of the landlord). 

   The Company also leases sales and service facilities at other locations in 
the United States and abroad. 

   Legal Proceedings 

   There are no material legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is a party of or of which any of their properties is subject. 

   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

   No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders 
during the last quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995. 

                                8           
<PAGE>
                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY 

   The Executive Officers and Management of the Company are as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                       <C>       <C>
 NAME                     AGE       POSITION 
Thomas H. Conway          56        Chief Executive Officer 
Daniel M. Clarke          48        President and Chief Operating Officer 
Eugene P. Seneta          50        Treasurer and Secretary 
Kevin J. Duffy            40        Vice President, North American Sales 
                                    Vice President, Customer Support and Managing 
James G. Hickey           41        Director, Europe 
Donald J. MacDonald       58        Vice President, International, Pacific Rim 

</TABLE>

   Mr. Conway has served as Chief Executive Officer since joining the Company 
in August 1991 and also served as President from August 1991 to February 
1994. He is the President of the consulting firm T.H. Conway and Associates. 
For the past ten years he has been assisting companies to remediate their 
operational and financial problems. Mr. Conway is a graduate of Harvard 
College and holds a Masters Degree from the Wharton School of Finance. He is 
a member of the Financial Executive Institute, and his firm is one of the 
founding firms of the Turnaround Management Association. 

   Mr. Clarke joined Xyvision in February 1990 as Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer and Treasurer. He was appointed General Manager of Contex 
Prepress Systems in April 1991, and elected President and Chief Operating 
Officer in February 1994. He also served as Secretary from September 1990 to 
February 1994. He holds an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Business School and 
a B.S. degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 

   Mr. Seneta joined Xyvision in June 1990 as Manager of Contract 
Administration and was elected Treasurer and Secretary in February 1994. From 
May 1991 to February 1994, he served as Corporate Controller. He holds a 
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration from Grove City College and an 
M.B.A. from the Emory University Graduate School of Business . 

   Mr. Duffy joined Xyvision in June 1983 and was promoted to Vice President, 
North American Sales in April 1991. Immediately prior to this position, Mr. 
Duffy served as Director, Eastern Region Sales, a position he assumed in 
January 1990. Previously, he held a variety of sales, support, and marketing 
positions for the Company, including commercial sales manager, customer 
support manager, and pre-sales support manager. He holds a B.S. degree from 
Suffolk University. 

   Mr. Hickey joined the Company in October 1987 and has served as Vice 
President of Customer Support since April 1991. In June 1992, he was given 
general management responsibility for Xyvision Publishing Systems activities 
in Europe. He spent his first two and a half years with Xyvision as aerospace 
market manager and director of product marketing. He holds a B.A. in 
Economics from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University 
Graduate School of Business. 

   Mr. MacDonald is a member of Xyvision's founding group. He has been a Vice 
President of the Company since 1982, first with responsibilities for customer 
support, then special products and engineering services, and now sales for 
the Pacific Rim. He holds B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical engineering 
from Northeastern University. 

                               10           
<PAGE>
                                   PART II 

   Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters 

   The Company's Common Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq system under 
the symbol "XYVI". The price per share of the Company's Common Stock is 
reported on the OTC Bulletin Board over a level 2 or level 3 Nasdaq 
workstation and through the National Quotation Bureau Pink Sheets. 

   The following table sets forth the reported high and low sales prices for 
the Company's Common Stock for the periods indicated. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                      <C>    <C>
                          HIGH   LOW 

FISCAL 1994 
April 1 - June 30        $    .13 $   .05 
July 1 - September 30         .13     .09 
October 1 - December 31       .22     .13 
January 1 - March 31          .22     .19 

FISCAL 1995 
April 1 - June 30        $    .20 $   .19 
July 1 - September 30         .23     .20 
October 1 - December 31       .53     .25 
January 1 - March 31          .50     .50 
</TABLE>

   As of June 9, 1995, there were approximately 701 stockholders of record. 
No cash dividends have been paid on the Common Stock since Xyvision's 
formation. The Company does not expect to pay cash dividends on the Common 
Stock in the foreseeable future. 

                               11           
<PAGE>
   Selected Financial Data 

   The following table summarizes certain selected financial data and should 
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes 
appearing elsewhere in this report. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                             Fiscal Year Ended 
                                       ----------------------------------------------------------- 
                                         March 31,   MARCH 31,  MARCH 31,   MARCH 31,   MARCH 31, 
                                           1991        1992       1993        1994        1995 
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
Revenues                               $27,793     $ 22,695    $23,846     $23,865     $24,559 
Gross margin                           9,966          7,609     10,626      11,907      12,045 
Operating expenses                     26,502        15,272     13,833      11,815      11,205 
Income (loss) from operations          (16,536)      (7,664)     (3,206)         92        840 
Income (loss) before income taxes  and 
 extraordinary item                    (16,961)      (8,903)     (4,079)       (479)        321 
Net income (loss) (1)                  (16,961)      (5,299)      1,631        301         321 
Net income (loss) per share (1)        $(3.08)     $      (.95) $      .24 $      .04  $      .03 
Weighted average common and common 
 equivalent shares outstanding         5,516          5,566      6,908       8,224      10,033 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term 
  investments                          $7,510      $    825    $   577     $   312     $   174 
Working capital (deficit)              6,424        (13,973)     (4,115)     (8,961)     (3,200)    
Total assets                           30,188        15,536     12,846      12,505      13,137 
Long-term debt                         22,529         2,958      7,445       1,706       4,655 
Stockholders' deficit                  $(4,958)    $ (9,521)    $(7,295)    $(6,674)    $(4,116)    
OTHER INFORMATION 
Research and development expenditures, 
 including capitalized software costs  $7,522      $  5,590    $ 4,041     $ 4,586     $ 4,410 
</TABLE>

   (1) Fiscal 1992 results include an extraordinary item for a gain of 
$3,604, or $.65 per share, from the exchange of Debentures for unsecured, 
unsubordinated promissory notes, and shares of common stock (also, see Note 9 
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

   Fiscal 1993 results include an extraordinary item for a gain of $5,709, or 
$.83 per share, from the exchange of Debentures for unsecured, unsubordinated 
promissory notes, and shares of common stock (also, see Note 9 of the Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

   Fiscal 1994 results include an extraordinary item for a gain of $780, or 
$.10 per share, from the exchange of Debentures for unsecured, unsubordinated 
promissory notes, and shares of common stock (also, see Note 9 of the Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

                               12           
<PAGE>
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations 

                            RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   Revenues increased slightly from $23,846,000 in fiscal 1993 to $23,865,000 
in fiscal 1994 and increased 3% from $23,865,000 in fiscal 1994 to 
$24,559,000 in fiscal 1995. From fiscal 1993 to fiscal 1994, systems revenues 
increased 4% due primarily to the increased volume from both the Company's 
publishing and color system's domestic markets. In fiscal 1995 systems 
revenues increased 5% from fiscal 1994, due primarily to the increased volume 
from the Company's color systems European and Pacific Rim/Asian markets. 
Service revenues decreased 6% from fiscal 1993 to fiscal 1994 and decreased 
1% from fiscal 1994 to fiscal 1995. The decreases are primarily due to 
reduced maintenance from the Company's publishing domestic markets. In fiscal 
1993 and 1994, market concerns over the Company's financial condition also 
had a negative impact on revenues. Although in the sales process the Company 
continues to encounter questions concerning its financial condition, the 
Company does not believe that these concerns had a significant impact on 
revenues in fiscal 1995. 

   Gross margins increased from 45% of revenues in fiscal 1993 to 50% of 
revenues in fiscal 1994, but decreased to 49% in fiscal 1995. System margins 
increased from 52% of revenues in fiscal 1993 to 63% of revenues in fiscal 
1994, but decreased to 58% of revenues in fiscal 1995. The systems margin 
increase in fiscal 1994 was due to a higher content of software. The decrease 
in fiscal 1995 was the result of higher amortization of capitalized software 
development costs. Service margins decreased from 34% of revenues in fiscal 
1993 to 29% of revenues in fiscal 1994 and then increased to 33% of revenues 
in fiscal 1995. The decrease in service margin in fiscal 1994 was the result 
of reduced service revenues and a relatively high level of fixed costs. The 
increase in service margins in fiscal 1995 was due to careful control of 
expenses. 

   Research and development expenses, including capitalized software 
development costs, were $4,041,000, $4,586,000 and $4,410,000 for fiscal 
1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively. These amounts represented 17%, 19%, and 
18% of revenues, respectively. Capitalized software costs were $1,287,000, 
$1,389,000, and $1,413,000 in fiscal 1993, 1994, and 1995 respectively. The 
increase in research and development expenditures from fiscal 1993 to fiscal 
1994 was due to the Company's continuing commitment to support its product 
development programs. The decrease in research and development expenditures 
from fiscal 1994 to fiscal 1995 was primarily due to the completion of major 
projects and cost control efforts. Research and development expenses, 
excluding capitalized software costs, were 12%, 13% and 12% of revenues 
during fiscal 1993, 1994 and 1995, respectively. 

   Marketing, general, and administrative expenses decreased from $9,468,000 
(or 40% of revenues) in fiscal 1993 to $8,618,000 (or 36% of revenues) in 
fiscal 1994. Fiscal 1995 expenses decreased further to $8,208,000 (or 33% of 
revenues). These decreases are primarily a result of the Company's continuing 
cost awareness and containment efforts. Management does not expect further 
decreases in fiscal 1996. 

   The Company continually evaluates the future benefit of its capitalized 
software costs. During fiscal 1993, the Company wrote off $1,610,000 of 
capitalized software costs for Xyvision's publishing products that were not 
expected to generate material benefits to the Company in future periods since 
they were replaced by new software technologies released by the Company. 

   Interest income was $32,000, $3,000 and $9,000 in fiscal 1993, 1994, and 
1995, respectively. The low amount of interest income in each of the fiscal 
years was due to the decrease in the Company's level of cash available for 
investing. Interest expense from third parties was $789,000, $256,000 and 
$284,000 in fiscal 1993, 1994, and 1995, respectively. Interest expense on 
debt from third parties includes the interest obligation on the Debentures 
and the quarterly interest payments on the 4% promissory notes. The decrease 
in the interest expense from fiscal 1993 to fiscal 1994 was a result of the 
Debenture exchanges. The increase in the interest expense from fiscal 1994 to 
fiscal 1995 was primarily due to the quarterly interest payments on the new 
4% promissory notes (also please see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements). Interest expense related to the Company's debt to a 
shareholder was $115,000, $317,000, and $244,000 in fiscal 1993, 1994, and 
1995, respectively. 

   During fiscal 1993, the Company entered into exchange transactions with 
investors holding a total of $10,285,000 principal amount of Debentures. As a 
result of these transactions, the Company realized an extraordinary gain of 
$5,709,000, or $.83 per share. These Debentureholders exchanged their 
Debentures for (i) an unsecured, unsubordinated promissory note of the 
Company, in a principal amount equal to 30% of the principal amount of the 
Debentures delivered for exchange, which bears interest (payable at maturity) 
at 15% per year (compounded annually) and matures 30 months from issuance, 
and (ii) 107,095 shares of common stock of the Company per $1,000,000 
principal amount of Debentures exchanged. 

                               13           
<PAGE>
   During fiscal 1994, the Company entered into agreements to restructure an 
additional $1,425,000 of Debentures on substantially the same terms as those 
described above. As a result of these transactions, the Company realized an 
extraordinary gain of $780,000, or $.10 per share. 

                               13           
<PAGE>
   During fiscal 1995, the Company entered into agreements to restructure an 
additional $30,000 of Debentures on substantially the same terms as those 
described above. The Company did not recognize an extraordinary gain on these 
transactions. 

   During fiscal 1995, the Company completed exchange transactions with 
holders of 15% Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 
$4,637,000, in which, in exchange for the cancellation of a 15% Promissory 
Note (including all rights to receive any interest accrued thereon) the 
Company issued, among other securities, shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 
The Series B Preferred Stock accrues a cumulative dividend in the amount of 
$.40 per share per annum, whether or not declared. During fiscal 1995, as a 
result of these transactions, the Company declared dividends of $35,000 on 
the Series B Preferred Stock. 

   Net income allocable to common stockholders was $286,000, $301,000 and 
$1,631,000 for fiscal 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively. 

   The Company believes inflation has not had a material effect on its 
results of operations to date. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

   At March 31, 1995, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $174,000, 
which is a decrease of $138,000 from the previous fiscal year end. 
Approximately $1,767,000 of cash was provided by operations and approximately 
$1,783,000 of cash was used in investing activities in fiscal 1995. The 
Company plans to continue its aggressive efforts of managing working capital. 
 . 

   In fiscal 1995 the Company invested $1,783,000 in capital assets, 
including $1,413,000 of capitalized software costs, reflecting the Company's 
continuing commitment to its product development programs. The Company 
anticipates it will continue to invest in capital assets as required to 
support its product development efforts and general business needs in future 
periods. 

   The Company has a $3,000,000 line of credit with a current investor in the 
Company. The line, which is payable on demand, is secured by substantially 
all of the assets of the Company and has been used for working capital and 
general business purposes. Interest on the line of credit is payable monthly. 
The line of credit is scheduled to expire on June 30, 1995, although the 
Company and this investor are currently engaged in negotiations to extend the 
credit line. 

   At the beginning of fiscal 1992, the Company had outstanding $22,410,000 
of Debentures. This was a significant amount of debt for the Company and 
represented an annual cash interest payment obligation of $1,344,600. During 
fiscal 1992, the Company began a program to restructure its financial 
position, specifically, these Debentures. 

   Since March 10, 1992, the Company has consummated restructuring 
transactions with the holders of a total of $18,675,000 principal amount of 
Debentures. Substantially all of these transactions involved the exchange of 
outstanding Debentures for (i) an unsecured, unsubordinated promissory note 
of Xyvision in a principal amount equal to 30% of the principal amount of the 
Debentures delivered for exchange, bearing interest (payable at a maturity) 
at 15% per year (compounded annually) and maturing 30 months from issuance 
and (ii) 107,095 shares of common stock of Xyvision per $1,000,000 principal 
amount of Debentures. As of June 28, 1995, a total of $3,735,000 principal 
amount of Debentures remained outstanding. Of such Debentures, the Company 
has indentified the holders of $1,960,000 principal amount, leaving 
$1,775,000 principal amount of Debentures unidentified. 

   During the course of its attempts to restructure the Debentures and 
negotiate transactions with Debentureholders, the Company did not make the 
interest payment due on the Debentures on May 5 of 1992, 1993, 1994 or 1995. 
Under the terms of the Indenture covering the Debentures, the Trustee or the 
holders of not less than 25% of the then outstanding principal amount of 
Debentures have the right to accelerate the maturity date of the remaining 
Debentures. To date (June 28, 1995), such acceleration has neither occurred 
nor been threatened. 

   The Company continues to negotiate in good faith with as many of the 
remaining Debentureholders as possible. However, despite the progress that 
has been made, the Company can still give no assurance about the outcome of 
the Debenture restructuring efforts and does not expect the matter to be 
resolved in the near future. If the Company is unable to enter into 
restructuring transactions with the remaining Debentureholders, and such 
Debentureholders seek to pursue legal remedies against the Company, the 
Company may have to seek protection under applicable laws, including the 
Bankruptcy Code, while it develops, analyzes and completes alternative 
restructuring strategies. 

                               14           
<PAGE>
   In addition, as of September 30, 1994 the Company had issued promissory 
notes in an aggregate principal amount of $5,692,000 in connection with the 
Debenture exchange transactions described above, the interest on which 
accrued at a rate of 15% per year and totalled $2,344,000 payable at 
maturity. Such 15% Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 
$4,542,000 were to mature on September 30, 1994, and the remainder of these 
15% Promissory Notes were to mature at various dates between September 30, 
1994 and February 28, 1997. In order to relieve itself of the payment 
obligations on the Promissory Notes, in fiscal 1995 the Company began a 
program to restructure the Promissory Notes. During fiscal 1995, the Company 
completed exchange transactions with holders of 15% Promissory Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount of $4,637,000, in which, in exchange for the 
cancellation of a 15% Promissory Note (including all rights to receive any 
interest accrued thereon), the Company issued (i) a new Promissory Note that 
will mature 30 months from the date of issuance and bears interest at 4% per 
annum, (ii) one share of common stock for each $10.00 of principal amount of 
15% Promissory Note delivered and (iii) one share of Series B Preferred Stock 
for each $10.00 of interest due on the 15% Promissory Note delivered. The 
Series B Preferred Stock accrues a cumulative dividend in the amount of $.40 
per share per annum, whether or not declared, and has a liquidation 
preference of $12.50 per share, plus any dividends declared or accrued but 
unpaid. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into two shares 
of common stock, subject to adjustment for certain events as defined in the 
Series B Preferred Stock terms. Additionally, holders of outstanding shares 
of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to voting rights equivalent to the 
rights attributable to the whole shares of common stock into which the Series 
B Preferred Stock is convertible. As of June 28, 1995, 15% Promissory Notes 
in an aggregate principal amount of $1,02 3,000 were outstanding which will 
mature at various dates between July 1, 1995 and February 28, 1997. The 
Company will seek to restructure the remaining 15% Promissory Notes. 

   The Company anticipates that its cash requirements for the first part of 
fiscal 1996 will be satisfied from its present cash balances, cash flow from 
existing operations, and its credit line, assuming the extension of the 
credit line and the continued forbearance by the Debentureholders. Despite 
the progress made during the past fiscal year, the Company can give no 
assurance on the outcome of the Debenture restructuring efforts and does not 
expect the matter to be resolved in the immediate future. Moreover, no 
assurance can be given as to the ability of the Company to satisfy or 
otherwise discharge its payment obligations under the promissory notes issued 
in connection with the Debenture restructuring. The above uncertainties raise 
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the 
recovery and classifications of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and 
classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be 
unable to continue as a going concern. 

   The Company's long term liquidity needs cannot reasonably be determined at 
this time principally because these needs are dependent, in a large part, 
upon the outcome of the Company's ongoing attempts to restructure the 
remaining outstanding Debentures and the ability of the Company to obtain 
financing to repay or otherwise restructure the remaining outstanding 15% 
promissory notes. 

   The Company believes that its current strategy, as outlined in Item 1 of 
this Form 10-K, will continue to significantly contribute to the revival of 
the Company. During fiscal 1996, the Company will focus more emphasis on 
marketing and enhancing its new technologies, and broadening geographic 
distribution. While the Company remains confident about its future, it can 
give no assurance regarding the ultimate success of its strategy. 

                               15           
<PAGE>
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

                  TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS 
                              OF XYVISION, INC.: 

   We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Xyvision, 
Inc. as of March 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related consolidated statements 
of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of 
the three years in the period ended March 31, 1995. These financial 
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our 
responsibility is to report on these financial statements based on our 
audits. 

   We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our report. 

   The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the 
Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has a incurred loss 
from operations in fiscal 1993 and has working capital and stockholders' 
deficit at March 31, 1995 and 1994. On May 5, 1995, 1994, 1993, and 1992, the 
Company elected not to make the interest payment that was due on its 6% 
Convertible Subordinated Debentures. Under the terms of the Indenture 
covering the debentures, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% of 
the outstanding principal amount of the debentures have the right to 
accelerate the maturity date of the remaining debentures. As of June 9, 1995, 
no such acceleration had occurred. The Company's attainment of profitable 
operations and sufficient additional financing, as well as the continued 
forbearance of its Debentureholders, cannot be determined at this time. These 
uncertainties raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue 
as a going concern. Management's actions in regard to these matters are 
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments 
relating to the recovery and classifications of recorded asset amounts or the 
amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the 
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

   Because of the significance of the uncertainties referred to in the 
preceding paragraph, we are unable to express, and we do not express, an 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements referred to above. 
                                                     COOPERS & LYBRAND, L.L.P. 
Boston, Massachusetts 
June 9, 1995 

                               17           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
                           MARCH 31, 1995 AND 1994 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>
 ASSETS                                                        1995           1994 
Current assets: 
Cash                                                       $    174,289   $    312,238 
Accounts receivable:  Trade, less allowance for doubtful 
 accounts of   $711,000 in 1995 and $759,000 in 1994          7,860,775      6,973,216 
 Retainage                                                           --        526,220 
Inventories                                                     188,251         91,401 
Other current assets                                          1,173,339        609,543 
Total current assets                                          9,396,654      8,512,618 

 Property and equipment, net                                  1,217,799      1,787,900 
Other assets, net, principally capitalized software costs     2,522,159      2,204,887 
Total assets                                               $ 13,136,612   $ 12,505,405 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
Current liabilities: 
Note payable to shareholder                                $  1,100,000   $  1,400,000 
Current portion of long-term debt                             5,175,906     10,103,793 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         3,664,855      2,740,029 
Other current liabilities                                     2,656,157      3,229,393 
Total current liabilities                                    12,596,918     17,473,215 
Long-term debt                                                4,655,255      1,705,972 
Total liabilities                                            17,252,173     19,179,187 

 Commitments and contingencies                                       --             -- 

 Stockholders' deficit: 
Series preferred stock, $1.00 par value; 2,700,000 shares 
  authorized; no shares issued                                       --             -- 
Series B Preferred Stock, $1.00 par value: 300,000 shares 
  authorized; 189,875 issued at March 31, 1995  (aggregate 
 liquidation preference of $2,373,438)                          189,875             -- 
Common stock, $.03 par value; 20,000,000 shares 
 authorized;  9,218,962 issued in 1995 and 8,752,104 
 issued in 1994                                                 276,569        262,563 
Additional paid-in capital                                   41,176,900     39,367,327 
Accumulated deficit                                         (43,806,103)   (44,091,927) 
                                                             (2,162,759)    (4,462,037) 
Less: Treasury stock, at cost; 573,325 shares in 1995 and 
  573,925 shares in 1994                                      1,458,517      1,460,317 
Receivable from employee stock ownership plan                   494,285        751,428 
Total stockholders' deficit                                  (4,115,561)    (6,673,782) 
Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit                $ 13,136,612   $ 12,505,405 
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
                                 statements. 

                               18           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1995, 1994, AND 1993 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                              1995          1994          1993 
- -------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- 
Revenues:  Systems                                       $15,674,312   $14,895,180   $14,320,653 
 Service                                                   8,884,796     8,969,855     9,525,021 
   Total revenues                                         24,559,108    23,865,035    23,845,674 
Cost of sales:  Systems                                    6,527,775     5,572,756     6,907,004 
 Service                                                   5,986,263     6,385,063     6,312,248 
   Total cost of sales                                    12,514,038    11,957,819    13,219,252 

 Gross margin                                             12,045,070    11,907,216    10,626,422 

 Expenses: 
 Research and development                                  2,997,285     3,197,231     2,754,256 
 Marketing, general, and administrative                    8,207,762     8,618,326     9,468,232 
 Write down of capitalized software costs                         --            --     1,610,428 
   Total operating expenses                               11,205,047    11,815,557    13,832,916 
Net income (loss) from operations                            840,023        91,659    (3,206,494)    
Other income (expense), net:  Interest income                  9,193         2,848        32,156 
  Interest expense - third party                            (284,285)       (256,499)       (789,359)    
  Interest expense - shareholder                            (244,204)       (316,613)       (115,014)    
  Total other expense, net                                  (519,296)       (570,264)       (872,217)    
Income (loss) before income taxes and extraordinary item     320,727      (478,605)     (4,078,711)    
Provision for income taxes                                        --            --            -- 
Income (loss) before extraordinary item                      320,727      (478,605)     (4,078,711)    
Extraordinary item: 
 Gain on exchange of convertible subordinated 
   debentures                                                     --       779,574     5,709,396 
Net income                                                   320,727       300,969     1,630,685 
Series B Preferred Stock Dividends                            34,903            --            -- 
Net income allocable to common stockholders              $   285,824   $   300,969   $ 1,630,685 

 Income (loss) per share: 
 Income (loss)before extraordinary item                  $          .03 $         (.06) $         (.59) 
 Extraordinary item                                                 .--            .10            .83 
 Income per share                                        $          .03 $          .04 $          .24 

 Weighted average common and common equivalent  shares 
 outstanding                                              10,032,930     8,224,189     6,908,456 
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
                                 statements. 

                               20           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1995, 1994, AND 1993 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                               1995          1994          1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- 
Operations: Net income                                     $   320,727   $   300,969   $ 1,630,685 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash  provided 
 from operating activities: 
Gain on exchange of convertible subordinated  debentures            --      (779,574)   (5,709,396) 
Write down of capitalized software costs                            --            --     1,610,428 
Depreciation and amortization                                2,137,450     2,231,586     3,253,270 
Provision for losses on contracts and accounts receivables     505,554       963,803     1,357,000 
Loss on disposal of property and equipment                      20,030        61,733        20,565 
Operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable                                        (1,393,112)   (1,275,876)   (2,017,481) 
 Retainage                                                     526,220       113,196      (639,416) 
 Inventories                                                   (96,850)      152,506       205,363 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         894,249      (696,822)      219,918 
 Other current liabilities                                    (577,608)      371,210       (48,176) 
 Other current assets                                         (570,109)     (147,415)      519,239 
Net cash provided from operations                            1,766,551     1,295,316       401,999 
Investments: 
Additions to property and equipment                           (368,982)     (640,176)     (719,580) 
Proceeds from sales of property and equipment                      225        11,794        19,645 
Additions to customer support spares                            (1,358)           --       (42,809) 
Capitalized software costs                                  (1,412,911)   (1,388,884)   (1,286,593) 
Net cash used by investments                                (1,783,026)   (2,017,266)   (2,029,337) 
Financing: 
Repayment of debt                                                   --            --       (81,948) 
Proceeds from line of credit from a shareholder              1,800,000     2,900,000     2,700,000 
Repayment of line of credit to a shareholder                (2,100,000)   (2,700,000)   (1,500,000) 
Proceeds from issuance of common stock from treasury               186           331         3,947 
Dividends on preferred stock                                   (15,967)           --            -- 
Payment on 15% promissory notes                                (62,836)           --            -- 
Loan payment from Employee Stock Ownership Plan                257,143       257,143       257,143 
Net cash provided from (used by) financing                    (121,474)      457,474     1,379,142 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                     (137,949)     (264,476)     (248,196) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year         312,238       576,714       824,910 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year           $   174,289   $   312,238   $   576,714 

</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
                                 statements. 

                               21           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1993, 1994 AND 1995 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                           <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>            < 
      C>
                                                                                                                     RECEIVABLE 
                                                                                                                        FROM 
                                                                                                                      EMPLOYEE 
                                                                     ADDITIONAL                                        STOCK      
     TOTAL 
                                                PREFERRED  COMMON      PAID-IN     ACCUMULATED       TREASURY        OWNERSHIP   
   STOCKHOLDERS' 
                                              STOCK         STOCK        CAPITAL        DEFICIT          STOCK    PLAN            
      DEFICIT 
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1992                                   $205,811   $39,113,757   $(46,023,581)   $(1,551,601)   $(1,265,714)   
   $(9,521,328) 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK WITH THE EXCHANGE OF 
 $10,285,000 OF CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED 
 DEBENTURES, 1,030,549 SHARES                               30,916       223,466                                                  
      254,382 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
 CREDIT LINE AGREEMENT, 400,000 SHARES                      12,000        68,000                                                  
       80,000 
ISSUANCE OF STOCK FROM TREASURY FOR LEGAL 
 SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF 
 CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES, 20,000 
 SHARES                                                                  (58,125)                       60,000                    
        1,875 
ISSUANCE OF STOCK FROM TREASURY UNDER 
 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN, 7,028 SHARES                              (19,217)                       21,084                    
        1,867 
- --------------------------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- 
   --------------- 
ISSUANCE OF STOCK FROM TREASURY FOR 
 EMPLOYMENT SERVICE AWARDS, 1,000 SHARES                                  (2,794)                        3,000                    
          206 
PAYMENTS ON RECEIVABLE FROM EMPLOYEE STOCK 
 OWNERSHIP PLAN                                                                                                   257,143         
      257,143 
NET INCOME                                                                            1,630,685                                   
    1,630,685 
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1993                         --         248,727    39,325,087    (44,392,896)    (1,467,517)   (1,008,571)     
   (7,295,170) 
- --------------------------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- 
   --------------- 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK WITH THE EXCHANGE OF 
 $1,425,000 OF CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED 
 DEBENTURES, 161,181 SHARES                                  4,836        14,359                                                  
       19,195 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
 CREDIT LINE AGREEMENT 300,000 SHARES                        9,000        34,750                                                  
       43,750 
ISSUANCE OF STOCK FROM TREASURY FOR 
 EMPLOYMENT SERVICE AWARDS, 2,400 SHARES                                  (6,869)                        7,200                    
          331 
PAYMENTS ON RECEIVABLE FROM EMPLOYEE STOCK 
 OWNERSHIP PLAN                                                                                                   257,143         
      257,143 
NET INCOME                                                                              300,969                                   
      300,969 
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1994                         --         262,563    39,367,327    (44,091,927)    (1,460,317)   (751,428)       
   (6,673,782) 
- --------------------------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- --------------- -------------- -------------- 
   --------------- 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK WITH THE EXCHANGE OF 
 $30,000 OF CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED 
 DEBENTURES, 3,213 SHARES                                       96           639                                                  
          735 
============================================= =========== ========== ============= =============== ============== ============== 
   =============== 
ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK WITH THE EXCHANGE OF 
 $4,636,500 OF PROMISSORY NOTES, 463,650 
 SHARES                                                     13,910       101,673                                                  
      115,583 
ISSUANCE OF SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK WITH THE 
 EXCHANGE OF $4,636,500 OF PROMISSORY NOTES, 
 189,875 SHARES                               189,875                  1,708,875                                                  
    1,898,750 
ISSUANCE OF STOCK FROM TREASURY FROM 
 EMPLOYMENT SERVICE AWARDS, 600 SHARES                                    (1,614)                        1,800                    
          186 
PAYMENTS ON RECEIVABLE FROM EMPLOYEE STOCK 
 OWNERSHIP PLAN                                                                                                   257,143         
      257,143 
DIVIDENDS ON SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK                                                   (34,903)                                  
      (34,903) 
NET INCOME                                                                              320,727                                   
      320,727 
BALANCE, MARCH 31, 1995                       $189,875    $276,569   $41,176,900   $(43,806,103)   $(1,458,517)   $(494,285)     
   $(4,115,561) 
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial 
                                 statements. 

                               22           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

                  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

   Nature of Business: Xyvision, Inc. (the "Company"), which operates as a 
single industry segment, designs and markets software for publishing, 
document management, color design, and prepress applications. 

   Basis of Presentation: The consolidated financial statements include the 
accounts of Xyvision, Inc. and all its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All 
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

   Cash: Cash consists of bank deposits. 

   Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined under 
the first-in, first-out method, or market. 

   Property and Equipment: Property and equipment are stated at cost. Major 
renewals and improvements are capitalized while repair and maintenance 
charges are expensed when incurred. Depreciation and amortization are 
computed on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of the assets, except 
for leasehold improvements that are amortized over the lesser of the term of 
the lease or the estimated useful life of the related asset. When assets are 
sold or retired, their cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed 
from the accounts. Any gain or loss is included in income. 

   The following lives are used to provide for depreciation and amortization: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                            <C>
                                               LIVES IN YEARS 
- ---------------------------------------------- ------------------ 
Design, test, and manufacturing equipment      2-5 
Office furniture and fixtures                  7 
Leasehold improvements                         2-10 
Purchased software                             5 
Delivery and service vehicles                  3 
</TABLE>

   Revenue Recognition: Revenues from equipment, software, and supplies are 
recognized upon shipment. Maintenance revenues are recognized over the 
contractual periods and noncontractual maintenance services are recognized as 
the services are provided. Revenues on major systems integration contracts 
are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method. Losses, if any, on 
such contracts are provided for at the time they become apparent. 

   Software Development Costs: Costs for research, design, and development of 
software for sale to others incurred prior to the achievement of 
"technological feasibility" are charged to expense. The Company capitalizes 
certain software costs in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting 
No. 86, "Accounting for costs of computer software to be sold, leased or 
otherwise marketed". The Company amortizes these costs over periods not 
exceeding three years beginning when the product is offered for sale. The 
amortization recognized in a period is the greater of the straight line basis 
or the proportion of current revenues to total anticipated revenues. 

   Income Taxes: The Company follows the provisions of Financial Accounting 
Standards Board Statement ("FAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." 
Income tax expense is based on reported earnings before income taxes. 
Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the 
amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial statement purposes 
and such amounts recognized for tax purposes. These deferred taxes are 
measured by applying currently enacted tax rates. Applicable tax credits are 
recognized as a reduction in the provision for income taxes in the year in 
which they are available. 

                               23           
<PAGE>
   Warranty Costs: The Company warrants the majority of its products for 90 
days from the date of customer acceptance. Estimated warranty costs are 
provided at the time of sale. Warranty costs incurred by the Company have not 
been significant. 

   Earnings (Loss) per Share: Earnings (loss) per share is computed based on 
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding adjusted to include 
the dilutive effect of stock options and warrants. 

   Concentration of Credit Risk: Financial instruments that potentially 
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of 
trade receivables. 

   Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are due to 
the number of customers operating primarily in the electronic publishing 
industry, which includes commercial publishers, printers, and trade shops. 

                              FUTURE OPERATIONS 

   In fiscal 1992, the Company reduced its workforce and made other cost 
reductions to meet the realities of: (i) becoming a software and services 
oriented business and (ii) weak worldwide demand in its markets. In fiscal 
1993, the Company continued to adjust expenses due to these same factors. 

   At the beginning of fiscal 1992, the Company had outstanding $22,410,000 
of Debentures. This was a significant amount of debt for the Company and 
represented an annual cash interest payment obligation of $1,344,600. During 
fiscal 1992, the Company began a program to restructure its financial 
position, specifically, these Debentures. 

   Since March 10, 1992, the Company has consummated restructuring 
transactions with the holders of a total of $18,675,000 principal amount of 
Debentures. Substantially all of these transactions involved the exchange of 
outstanding Debentures for (i) an unsecured, unsubordinated promissory note 
of Xyvision in a principal amount equal to 30% of the principal amount of the 
Debentures delivered for exchange, bearing interest (payable at a maturity) 
at 15% per year (compounded annually) and maturing 30 months from issuance 
and (ii) 107,095 shares of common stock of Xyvision per $1,000,000 principal 
amount of Debentures. As of June 28, 1995, a total of $3,735,000 principal 
amount of Debentures remained outstanding. Of such Debentures, the Company 
has indentified the holders of $1,960,000 principal amount, leaving 
$1,775,000 principal amount of Debentures unidentified. 

   During the course of its attempts to restructure the Debentures and 
negotiate transactions with Debentureholders, the Company did not make the 
interest payment due on the Debentures on May 5 of 1992, 1993, 1994 or 1995. 

   Under the terms of the Indenture covering the Debentures, the Trustee or 
the holders of not less than 25% of the outstanding principal amount of the 
Debentures have the right to accelerate the maturity date of the remaining 
Debentures. As of June 28, 1995, no such acceleration had occurred or been 
threatened. The Company continues to negotiate, in good faith, with as many 
of the remaining Debentureholders as possible. However, despite the progress 
that has been made, the Company can still give no assurance about the outcome 
of the Debenture conversion efforts and does not expect the matter to be 
resolved in the near future. 

   If the Company is unable to enter into exchange transactions with the 
remaining Debentureholders, and such Debentureholders seek to pursue legal 
remedies against the Company, the Company may have to seek protection under 
applicable laws, including the Bankruptcy Code, while it develops, analyzes, 
and completes alternative restructuring strategies. 

   In addition, as of September 30, 1994 the Company had issued promissory 
notes in an aggregate principal amount of $5,692,000 in connection with the 
Debenture exchange transactions described above, the interest on which 
accrued at a rate of 15% per year and totalled $2,344,000 payable at 
maturity. Such 15% Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 
$4,542,000 were to mature on September 30, 1994, and the remainder of these 
15% Promissory Notes were to mature at various dates between September 30, 
1994 and February 28, 1997. In order to relieve itself of the payment 
obligations on the Promissory Notes, in fiscal 1995 the Company began a 
program to restructure the Promissory Notes. During fiscal 1995, the Company 
completed exchange transactions with holders of 15% Promissory Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount of $4,637,000, in which, in exchange for the 
cancellation of a 15% Promissory Note (including all rights to receive any 
interest accrued thereon), the Company issued (i) a new Promissory Note that 
will mature 30 months from the date of issuance and bears interest 

                               24           
<PAGE>
at 4% per annum, (ii) one share of common stock for each $10.00 of principal 
amount of 15% Promissory Note delivered and (iii) one share of Series B 
Preferred Stock for each $10.00 of interest due on the 15% Promissory Note 
delivered. The Series B Preferred Stock accrues a cumulative dividend in the 
amount of $.40 per share per annum, whether or not declared, and has a 
liquidation preference of $12.50 per share, plus any dividends declared or 
accrued but unpaid. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible 
into two shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for certain events as 
defined in the Series B Preferred Stock terms. Additionally, holders of 
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to voting rights 
equivalent to the rights attributable to the whole shares of common stock 
into which the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible. The exchange 
transaction was completed assuming a fair value of $10 per share of Series B 
Preferred Stock. An independent valuation of the Series B Preferred Stock was 
completed which supported a fair value of $10.00 per share. The Company will 
seek to restructure the remaining 15% Promissory Notes. 

   On June 30, 1992, the Company obtained a $2,000,000 line of credit with a 
current investor in the Company. The line, which is payable on demand, is 
secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and has been used 
for working capital and general business purposes. Interest on the line of 
credit is payable monthly. The Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock 
and a common stock purchase warrant for 100,000 shares of common stock at an 
exercise price of $.50 per share to the investor for no additional 
consideration upon signing of the line of credit. In addition, as required by 
the line of credit, from September 30, 1992 through June 30, 1993, the 
Company granted the investor four additional common stock purchase warrants, 
each covering 100,000 shares of common stock. On September 28, 1993, the 
Company and the investor amended the line of credit. Under the terms of this 
amendment: (i) the amount available under the line of credit was increased 
from $2,000,000 to $2,500,000; (ii) the annual interest rate was reduced from 
13% to 10%; and (iii) the term of the line of credit was extended from June 
30, 1994 to June 30, 1995. In consideration of such changes, the Company: (i) 
reduced the exercise price of 200,000 and 100,000 common stock purchase 
warrants exercisable by the investor from $.50 and $.25 per share, 
respectively, to $.09 per share (the fair market value of the common stock on 
September 28, 1993); (ii) issued 200,000 shares of common stock and a warrant 
to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 per 
share to the investor for no additional consideration; and (iii) agreed to 
grant the investor up to eight additional warrants, each covering 125,000 
shares of common stock at an exercise price at the lesser of the fair market 
value of the common stock on the date of issue or $1.00 per share. 

   On December 3, 1993, the Company and the investor entered into an 
additional amendment to the line of credit. Under the terms of this 
amendment, the amount available under the line of credit was increased to 
$3,000,000. In consideration of this change, the Company: (i) issued 100,000 
shares of common stock and a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of common 
stock at fair market value of the common stock on December 3, 1993 and (ii) 
agreed to grant the investor up to seven additional common stock purchase 
warrants between December 31, 1993 and June 30, 1995, each covering 200,000 
shares of common stock at an exercise price at the lesser of the fair market 
value of the common stock on the date of grant or $1.00 per share (these 
warrants are in lieu of the last seven of the warrants referred to in clause 
(iii) of the preceding paragraph). As of March 31, 1995, the Company had 
$1,900,000 available under the amended line of credit. As of June 28, 1995, 
the Company had $1,000,000 available under the amended line of credit. The 
line of credit is scheduled to expire on June 30, 1995, although the Company 
and this investor are currently engaged in negotiations to extend the credit 
line. 

   The Company anticipates that its cash requirements for the first part of 
fiscal 1995 will be satisfied from its present cash balances, cash flow from 
existing operations, and its credit line, assuming the extension of the 
credit line and the continued forbearance by the Debentureholders. Despite 
the progress made during the past fiscal year, the Company can give no 
assurance on the outcome of the Debenture restructuring efforts and does not 
expect the matter to be resolved in the immediate future. Moreover, no 
assurance can be given as to the ability of the Company to satisfy or 
otherwise discharge its payment obligations under the promissory notes issued 
in connection with the Debenture restructuring. The above uncertainties raise 
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the 
recovery and classifications of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and 
classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be 
unable to continue as a going concern. 

   The Company's long term liquidity needs cannot reasonably be determined at 
this time principally because these needs are dependent, in a large part, 
upon the outcome of the Company's ongoing attempts to restructure the 
remaining outstanding Debentures and the ability of the Company to obtain 
financing to repay or otherwise restructure the remaining outstanding 15% 
Promissory Notes. 

                               25           
<PAGE>
   The Company believes that its current strategy, as previously described, 
will continue to significantly contribute to the revival of the Company. 
During fiscal 1996 , the Company will focus more emphasis on marketing and 
enhancing its new technologies, and broadening geographic distribution. While 
the Company remains confident about its future, it can give no assurance 
regarding the ultimate success of its strategy. 

                             ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 

   Trade receivables do not contain any material amounts collectible over a 
period in excess of one year. Retainage consists of receivables billed under 
retainage provisions of contracts and collectibility is not expected to 
extend over a period of one year. 

INVENTORIES 

   Inventory consists primarily of finished goods from third party vendors. 

                            PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

   Property and equipment consists of: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                       <C>            <C>
                                          March 31, 1995        March 31, 1994 
Design, test, and manufacturing equipment $ 4,864,898    $ 11,876,517 
Office furniture and fixtures               1,197,041       1,194,265 
Leasehold improvements                      1,209,948       1,204,929 
Purchased software                            316,974         654,721 
Delivery and service vehicles                   9,333         148,434 
                                            7,598,194      15,078,866 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (6,380,395)    (13,290,966)        
                                          $ 1,217,799    $  1,787,900 
</TABLE>

   Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment for 
fiscal 1995, 1994, and 1993 was $919,000, $1,301,000, and $1,759,000, 
respectively. 

                                 OTHER ASSETS 

   Other assets consists of the following, which are presented net of any 
accumulated amortization: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                        <C>          <C>
                            MARCH 31,    MARCH 31, 
                                1995       1994 
                           ------------ ------------ 
Capitalized software costs $2,214,966   $1,944,894 
Debenture issuance costs       57,448       67,391 
Other                         249,745      192,602 
                           $2,522,159   $2,204,887 
</TABLE>

   The Company continually evaluates the future benefit of its capitalized 
software costs. During fiscal 1993, the Company determined that certain costs 
exceeded their net realizable value due to new software technologies 
developed and released by the Company. Accordingly, the Company wrote down 
these capitalized software costs by $1,610,000 in the third quarter of fiscal 
1993. In fiscal 1994, the Company retired $9,713,000 of fully amortized 
capitalized software costs. Capitalized software costs amortized and charged 
to expense were $1,143,000, $752,000, and $1,024,000 in fiscal 1995, 1994, 
and 1993, respectively. Capitalized software costs are presented net of 
accumulated amortization of $1,937,000 and $794,000 at March 31, 1995 and 
1994, respectively. 

   Debenture issuance costs amortized and charged to expense were $10,000, 
$11,000, and $31,000, in fiscal 1995, 1994, and 1993 , respectively. In 
addition, as a result of the exchange of Debentures in fiscal 1994 and 1993, 

                               26           
<PAGE>
related Debenture issuance costs of $27,000 and $217,000, respectively were 
written off as a reduction to the extraordinary gain recognized in each 
fiscal year 1994 and 1993, respectively. The accumulated amortization of the 
Debenture issuance costs was $727,000 and $717,000 at March 31, 1995 and 
1994, respectively. (See Note 9.) 

                          OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 

   Other current liabilities consists of: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                            <C>          <C>
                                MARCH 31,    MARCH 31, 
                                    1995       1994 
- ------------------------------ ------------ ------------ 
Deferred service revenue       $1,107,493   $1,747,482 
Interest payable on debentures    876,277      660,441 
Customer deposits                  34,000       31,000 
Other                             638,387      790,470 
                               $2,656,157   $3,229,393 
</TABLE>

                         NOTE PAYABLE TO SHAREHOLDER 

   On June 30, 1992, the Company obtained a $2,000,000 line of credit with a 
current investor in the Company. The line, which is payable on demand, is 
secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and has been used 
for working capital and general business purposes. Interest on the line of 
credit is payable monthly. The Company issued 400,000 shares of common stock 
and a common stock purchase warrant for 100,000 shares of common stock at an 
exercise price of $.50 per share to the investor for no additional 
consideration upon signing of the line of credit. In addition, as required by 
the line of credit, from September 30, 1992 through June 30, 1993, the 
Company granted the investor four additional common stock purchase warrants, 
each covering 100,000 shares of common stock. On September 28, 1993, the 
Company and the investor amended the line of credit. Under the terms of this 
amendment: (i) the amount available under the line of credit was increased 
from $2,000,000 to $2,500,000; (ii) the annual interest rate was reduced from 
13% to 10%; and (iii) the term of the line of credit was extended from June 
30, 1994 to June 30, 1995. In consideration of such changes, the Company: (i) 
reduced the exercise price of 200,000 and 100,000 common stock purchase 
warrants exercisable by the investor from $.50 and $.25 per share, 
respectively, to $.09 per share (the fair market value of the common stock on 
September 28, 1993); (ii) issued 200,000 shares of common stock and a warrant 
to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.09 per 
share to the investor for no additional consideration; and (iii) agreed to 
grant the investor up to eight additional warrants, each covering 125,000 
shares of common stock at an exercise price at the lesser of the fair market 
value of the common stock on the date of issue or $1.00 per share. 

   On December 3, 1993, the Company and the investor entered into an 
additional amendment to the line of credit. Under the terms of this 
amendment, the amount available under the line of credit was increased to 
$3,000,000. In consideration of this change, the Company: (i) issued 100,000 
shares of common stock and a warrant to purchase 500,000 shares of common 
stock at fair market value of the common stock on December 3, 1993 and (ii) 
agreed to grant the investor up to seven additional common stock purchase 
warrants between December 31, 1993 and June 30, 1995, each covering 200,000 
shares of common stock at an exercise price at the lesser of the fair market 
value of the common stock on the date of grant or $1.00 per share (these 
warrants are in lieu of the last seven of the warrants referred to in clause 
(iii) of the preceding paragraph). As of March 31, 1995, the Company had 
$1,900,000 available under the amended line of credit. As of June 28, 1995, 
the Company had $1,000,000 available under the amended line of credit. The 
line of credit is scheduled to expire on June 30, 1995, although the Company 
and this investor are currently engaged in negotiations to extend the credit 
line. 

                               27           
<PAGE>
                                LONG-TERM DEBT 

   Long-term debt consists of: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>
                                                       Fiscal        Fiscal 
                                                        1995          1994 
6% Convertible Subordinated Debentures               $3,735,000   $ 3,765,000 
15% promissory notes, due fiscal 1995, 1996, and 
 1997                                                 1,459,661     8,044,765 
4% promissory notes, due fiscal 1998                  4,636,500            -- 
                                                      9,831,161    11,809,765 
Less: Current portion of long-term debt               5,175,906    10,103,793 
                                                     $4,655,255   $ 1,705,972 
</TABLE>

   In May 1987, the Company issued $25,000,000 of 6% Convertible Subordinated 
Debentures (the "Debentures") convertible into common stock at a conversion 
price of $22.50 per share. Interest on the Debentures is payable annually (on 
May 5th) and the Debentures may be called by the Company under certain 
conditions. At the beginning of fiscal 1992, the Company had outstanding 
$22,410,000 of these Debentures. This was a significant amount of debt for 
the Company and represented an annual cash interest payment obligation of 
$1,344,600. During fiscal 1992, the Company began a program to restructure 
its financial position, specifically, these Debentures. 

   Since March 10, 1992, the Company has consummated restructuring 
transactions with the holders of a total of $18,675,000 principal amount of 
Debentures. Substantially all of these transactions involved the exchange of 
outstanding Debentures for (i) an unsecured, unsubordinated promissory note 
of Xyvision in a principal amount equal to 30% of the principal amount of the 
Debentures delivered for exchange, bearing interest (payable at maturity) at 
15% per year (compounded annually) and maturing 30 months from issuance and 
(ii) 107,095 shares of common stock of Xyvision per $1,000,000 principal 
amount of Debentures. As of June 28, 1995, a total of $3,735,000 principal 
amount of Debentures remained outstanding. Of such Debentures, the Company 
has identified the holders of $1,960,000 principal amount, leaving $1,775,000 
principal amount of Debentures unidentified. 

   During the course of its attempts to restructure the Debentures and 
negotiate transactions with Debentureholders, the Company did not make the 
interest payment due on the Debentures on May 5 of 1992, 1993, 1994 or 1995. 

   Under the terms of the Indenture covering the Debentures, the Trustee or 
the holders of not less than 25% of the outstanding principal amount of the 
debentures have the right to accelerate the maturity date of the remaining 
Debentures. As of June 28, 1995, no such acceleration had occurred or been 
threatened. 

   The Company continues to negotiate, in good faith, with as many of the 
remaining Debentureholders as possible. However, despite the progress that 
has been made, the Company can still give no assurance about the outcome of 
the Debenture conversion efforts and does not expect the matter to be 
resolved in the near future. 

   If the Company is unable to enter into exchange transactions with the 
remaining Debentureholders, and such Debentureholders seek to pursue legal 
remedies against the Company, the Company may have to seek protection under 
applicable laws, including the Bankruptcy Code, while it develops, analyzes 
and completes alternative restructuring strategies. 

   In addition, as of September 30, 1994 the Company had issued promissory 
notes in an aggregate principal amount of $5,692,000 in connection with the 
Debenture exchange transactions described above, the interest on which 
accrues at a rate of 15% per year and totalled $2,344,000 payable at 
maturity. Such 15% Promissory Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 
$4,542,000 were to mature on September 30, 1994, and the remainder of these 
15% Promissory Notes were to mature at various dates between September 30, 
1994 and February 28 1997. In order to relieve itself of the payment 
obligations on the Promissory Notes, in fiscal 1995 the Company began a 
program to restructure the Promissory Notes. During fiscal 1995, the Company 
completed exchange transactions with holders of 15% Promissory Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount of $4,637,000, in exchange for the cancellation of 
a 15% Promissory Note (including all rights to receive any interest accrued 
thereon), the Company issued (i) a new Promissory Note that will mature 30 
months from the date of issuance and bears interest at 4% per annum, (ii) one 
share of common stock for each $10.00 of principal 

                               28           
<PAGE>
amount of 15% Promissory Note delivered and (iii) one share of Series B 
Preferred Stock for each $10.00 of interest due on the 15% Promissory Note 
delivered. The Series B Preferred Stock accrues a cumulative dividend in the 
amount of $.40 per share per annum, whether or not declared, and has a 
liquidation preference of $12.50 per share, plus any dividends declared or 
accrued but unpaid. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible 
into two shares of common stock, subject to adjustment for certain events as 
defined in the Series B Preferred Stock terms. Additionally, holders of 
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to voting rights 
equivalent to the rights attributable to the whole shares of common stock 
into which the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible. The exchange 
transaction was completed assuming a fair value of $10 per share of Series B 
Preferred Stock. An independent valuation of the Series B Preferred Stock was 
completed which supported a fair value of $10.00 per share. The Company will 
seek to restructure the remaining 15% Promissory Notes. 
Interest expense amounted to $528,000, $573,000 and $904,000, in fiscal 1995, 
1994 and 1993, respectively. 

                                 INCOME TAXES 

   For fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993 the Company was not required to 
provide for income taxes and had no effective income tax rate due to the 
utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. Payments of alternative 
minimum taxes amounted to $14,000, $46,000, and $12,000 in fiscal 1995, 1994, 
and 1993, respectively. 

   As of March 31, 1995, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of 
$44,090,000 expiring at various dates through fiscal 2006, investment tax 
credits of $150,000 expiring at various dates through fiscal 2002, and 
research and development credits of $1,439,000 expiring at various dates 
through fiscal 2007. These items are available to reduce future income taxes 
payable. 

   Additionally, the Company has approximately $2,500,000 of net operating 
loss carryforwards for regular federal income tax and alternative minimum tax 
purposes from the acquisition of Contex Graphics Systems, Inc. These acquired 
net operating loss carryforwards, which expire in the year 2001, have 
limitations on their use pursuant to the United States Internal Revenue Code 
and are available only to offset income from that subsidiary. 

   As of March 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993 the Company's deferred tax assets of 
approximately $18,343,000, $18,440,000, and $19,303,000, respectively, 
consisted primarily of its net operating loss carryforwards. Management has 
assigned a valuation allowance to fully offset the future tax benefits of 
these deferred tax assets. 

   Under Federal tax laws, certain changes in ownership of the Company, which 
may not be within the Company's control, may restrict future utilization of 
these carryforwards. 

                       STOCK OPTION AND PURCHASE PLANS 

   Stock Option Plans 

   Under the Company's 1982 Stock Option Plan, options to purchase 1,647,057 
shares of the Company's Common Stock may be granted to key employees, 
consultants, and non-employee directors. Incentive stock options are granted 
at a price equal to the fair market value per share on the date of the grant 
and non-qualified stock options may be granted at not less than 85% of the 
fair market value per share on the date of the grant. During fiscal 1990, the 
Company increased the options available under the Plan to the sum of: (i) 
1,450,000; (ii) the 196,971 shares held by the Company as treasury shares as 
of April 28, 1988; and (iii) any shares issued to an optionee upon the 
exercise of a stock option but repurchased by the Company, under stock 
restriction agreements then in effect. Options granted prior to January 1, 
1987 are exercisable immediately, but the shares issued upon exercise of the 
options are subject to repurchase by the Company at the original exercise 
price in the event of the option holder's termination of employment. This 
repurchase right generally terminates as to 20% of the shares annually for 
five years from the date of the option grant. Options granted on or after 
January 1, 1987 generally become exercisable at a rate of 20% per year over a 
five-year period with any shares issued upon exercise not being subject to 
repurchase by the Company. 

                               29           
<PAGE>
The 1982 Stock Option Plan expired on May 5, 1992. No options were granted 
under the 1982 Stock Option Plan after March 31, 1992. At the Company's June 
23, 1992 Board of Directors' Meeting, the Board approved a 1992 Stock Option 
Plan and an increase in the authorized number of shares of the Company's 
Common Stock from 10,000,000 to 15,000,000 shares. The terms of the 1992 
Stock Option Plan are essentially the same as the 1982 Stock Option Plan. At 
this time the maximum number of options that could be granted under the 1992 
Stock Option Plan was 1,000,000 shares. The 1992 Stock Option Plan and the 
increase in authorized shares were both approved by the Company's 
shareholders at the Company's 1992 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on 
October 21, 1992. 
The Company held its 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on September 22, 
1994. At this meeting, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment 
to the Company's 1992 Stock Option Plan. The amendment increased the number 
of shares for which options may be granted from 1,000,000 to 2,000,000. 

   The following sets forth certain information relating to the 1982 Stock 
Option Plan and the 1992 Stock Option Plan for the years ended March 31,1993, 
1994, and 1995: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                   <C>         <C>
                                         SHARES         PRICE 
- ------------------------------------- ----------- --------------- 
Options outstanding at March 31, 1992   851,251   $0.38 -$13.75 
   Granted                              812,636         0.31 
   Cancelled                           (155,615)  0.31 -13.75 
   Exercised                                 --          -- 
Options outstanding at March 31, 1993 1,508,272   0.31 -13.75 
   Granted                               15,000         0.19 
   Cancelled                           (496,522)  0.19 - 6.75 
   Exercised                                 --          -- 
Options outstanding at March 31, 1994 1,026,750   0.19 -13.75 
   Granted                              297,500   0.19 - 0.53 
   Cancelled                            (98,633)  0.31 - 0.38 
   Exercised                                 --          -- 
Options outstanding at March 31, 1995 1,225,617   $0.19 -$13.75 
</TABLE>

   Options were exercisable for 745,426 and 729,095 shares of Common Stock at 
March 31, 1994 and 1995, respectively. At March 31, 1994 and 1995, options 
for the purchase of 331,794 and 1,074,594 shares of Common Stock, 
respectively, were available for future grants under the 1992 Stock Option 
Plan. At March 31, 1995, there were 2,300,211 shares of Common Stock reserved 
for issuance under these Plans. 

   On August 10, 1989 the Director Stock Option Plan was approved by the 
stockholders. Under this Plan, options to purchase 150,000 shares of the 
Company's Common Stock were available for grant to outside directors of the 
Company whose continued services are considered essential to the Company's 
future progress. These non- qualified options were granted at the last 
reported sale price per share of the Company's common stock on the date of 
grant. Each option becomes exercisable on a cumulative basis as follows: 20% 
may be exercised on the date of grant; and the remaining shares may be 
exercised in annual installments of 20% over the remaining four years. Each 
option becomes immediately exercisable if a change in control of the Company 
occurs or if the optionee ceases to serve as a director due to death, 
disability or retirement. On August 10, 1989, the approval date of the Plan, 
the Company granted to each of the five then current outside directors 
non-qualified stock options for 20,000 shares at a price of $4.75 per share. 

   On October 21, 1992, the 1992 Director Stock Option Plan was approved by 
stockholders of the Company. Under this Plan, options to purchase up to a 
total of 150,000 shares of Common Stock may be granted to outside directors 
of the Company. On March 31, 1993, an option for 20,000 shares of Common 
Stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share (the fair market value of the 
Common Stock on the date of grant) was granted to each of the four outside 
directors of the Company. Each outside director who is initially elected to 
the Board of Directors after March 31, 1993 will also be granted an option 
for 20,000 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price equal to the fair 
market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Each option becomes 
exercisable in five equal annual installments beginning on the date of grant, 
provided that all outstanding 

                               30           
<PAGE>
options will become exercisable in full in the event of a "change in control" 
of the Company (as defined in the Plan) which is not approved by the Board of 
Directors. In general, an optionholder may exercise his option, to the extent 
vested, only while he is a director of the Company and for up to three months 
thereafter. In connection with the adoption of the 1992 Director Stock Option 
Plan, the Company terminated the 1989 Director Stock Option Plan. In 
addition, each of the four outside directors who received options under the 
1992 Director Stock Option Plan on March 31, 1993 surrendered for 
cancellation the option held by him under the 1989 Director Stock Option 
Plan. 
On January 8, 1990, the Board of Directors granted options to purchase 42,500 
shares of the Company's Common Stock to former officers of the Company. These 
non-qualified stock options were granted outside the Company's 1982 Stock 
Option Plan at an exercise price of $2.50 per share and are immediately 
exercisable. At March 31, 1995, there were 42,500 shares reserved for 
issuance for these options. 

   Stock Purchase Plan 

   In 1990, the Board of Directors adopted and the stockholders approved the 
Company's 1990 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "1990 Purchase Plan"). The 
1990 Purchase Plan covers an aggregate of up to 420,000 shares of Common 
Stock to be issued and sold to participating employees of the Company through 
a series of six overlapping one-year offerings, commencing six months apart, 
beginning August 1, 1990 and ending January 31, 1994. The 1990 Purchase Plan 
was administered by the Compensation Committee and was intended to qualify as 
an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of Section 423 of the 
Internal Revenue Code. All employees who have been employed by the Company 
(or a qualifying subsidiary) for 30 days on the date an offering under the 
1990 Purchase Plan commences and who ordinarily work more than 20 hours per 
week and more than five months per year were eligible to participate in that 
offering. The price at which the shares were offered is 85% of the fair 
market value of the Common Stock on the date such offering commences or the 
date such offering terminates, which ever is lower. Each employee could elect 
to have up to 10% of his base pay withheld and applied toward the purchase of 
shares in such offering. The 1990 Purchase Plan terminated January 31, 1994. 

                               RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

   In October 1988, the Company entered into a Rights Agreement and declared 
a dividend distribution of one Right for each share of the Common Stock of 
the Company outstanding on October 26, 1988. Each Right entitles the holder 
to purchase from the Company 1/100 of a share of $1.00 par value Series A 
Junior Participating Preferred Stock at an exercise price of $35.00 per 
Right, subject to adjustment. The Rights will not be exercisable or separable 
from the Common Stock until ten business days after a party acquires 
beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the Company's Common Stock or 
announces a tender offer for at least 30% of its Common Stock outstanding. 
Except for Saltzman Partners' and Tudor Trust's acquisition of 20% of the 
Company's Common Stock, which have been exempted by the Board of Directors 
from the Rights Agreement, the Company is not aware of the occurrence of any 
such events. The issuance of the Rights does not dilute ownership or affect 
reported earnings per share. 

PROFIT-SHARING AND SAVINGS PLANS 

   Employee Stock Ownership Plan 

   In fiscal 1990, the Company created the Xyvision, Inc. Employee Stock 
Ownership Plan and Trust (the "Trust") and entered into a Term Loan Agreement 
with the Trust whereby the Trust borrowed $1,800,000 from the Company and 
paid the proceeds to the Company to purchase 400,000 shares of the Company's 
Common Stock at $4.50 per share. The loan, with an interest rate of prime 
plus one-half of one percent, is to be repaid over seven years in equal 
annual installments of approximately $257,000. The Company is required to 
make equal annual contributions to the Trust in the amounts of the Trust's 
annual principal installments. The Company also makes monthly contributions 
to the Trust which uses such funds to pay monthly interest installments to 
the Company. The Plan covers substantially all employees and, as principal 
payments are made on the term loan, shares held by the Trust are allocated to 
eligible employees. Payments of approximately $257,000 were made to the Trust 
in each of the fiscal years 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, which the 
Trust applied against its loan to the Company. These payments caused an 
allocation to the eligible employees of 57,143 shares of the Company's Common 
Stock in each of fiscal 1995, 1994, and 1993. 

                               31           
<PAGE>
   The Company charged $257,000 per year to operations for contributions to 
this Trust in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993. 

   Savings Plan 

   The Company has a 401(k) Savings Plan under which employees may 
voluntarily defer a portion of their compensation and the Company matches a 
portion of the employee deferral. All employees employed within the United 
States with at least one year of continuous service are eligible for the 
Plan. Company contributions vest 100% immediately. The Company's 
contributions to this Plan and charged to expense amounted to $58,000, 
$56,000, and $56,000 in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

   Leases 

   At March 31, 1995, the Company was committed under operating leases, 
principally for building and office space. Certain leases require the payment 
of expenses under escalation clauses. The major facilities leases are for ten 
year terms and provide renewal options for additional periods up to ten 
years. 

   Future minimum lease payments under all noncancelable leases as of March 
31, 1995 are as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>           <C>
 FISCAL YEAR 
- ------------- 

 1996         $1,190,000 
1997             133,000 
1998              95,000 
1999              95,000 
2000              95,000 
Thereafter       418,000 
  Total       $2,026,000 
              ============ 
</TABLE>

Rental expense under all operating leases was approximately $1,185,000, 
$1,221,000, and $1,037,000 in fiscal 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively. 

   Employment Agreements 

   The Company has entered into employment agreements with certain of its 
executive officers which provide for the payment to these executives of up to 
twelve months of compensation and the continuation of certain benefits if 
there is a change in control of the Company (as defined) or if employment is 
terminated without cause. The maximum contingent liability, at March 31, 
1995, under these agreements was approximately $400,000. 

   The Company has also instituted a severance benefit plan which covers 
substantially all employees. The agreement stipulates, in general, that in 
the event of a change in control of the Company (as defined), any employee 
terminated within twelve months of such event, without cause, would be 
entitled to receive a cash payment equal to his annual base compensation. The 
Board of Directors may declare by resolution that an event otherwise 
constituting a change in control per this agreement will not be considered a 
change in control. Therefore, it can not be reasonably estimated what the 
potential liability to the Company would be under this agreement. 

   Contingencies 

   The Company is party to several pending legal proceedings and claims. 
Although the outcome of such proceedings and claims cannot be determined with 
certainty, the Company's counsel and management are of the opinion that the 
final outcome should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
operations or financial position. 

                       MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND EXPORT SALES 

   No single customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues in fiscal 1995, 
1994 or 1993. 

                               32           
<PAGE>
   Export sales to unrelated customers outside of the United States for 
fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993 were as follows: 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>            <C>           <C>           <C>
                   FISCAL 1995 FISCAL 1994     FISCAL 1993 
- -------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- 

 Western 
 Europe        $1,221,000    $1,319,000    $  691,000 
Asia            1,043,000       396,000     1,024,000 
Australia         254,000       219,000        54,000 
 Total         $2,518,000    $1,934,000    $1,769,000 
</TABLE>

                               RELATED PARTIES 

   The Company has an agreement to pay consulting fees, which amounted to 
$148,000, $162,000, and $320,000 in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively, 
to T.H. Conway and Associates. Mr. Conway, Chief Executive Officer and 
Director of the Company, is the managing director of this firm. 

                               32           
<PAGE>
                                   PART III 

   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 
Disclosure. 

   Not Applicable. 

   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   Information required by this item (i) will be included in the table under 
the heading "Election of Directors" in the Company's definitive Proxy 
Statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "1995 Proxy 
Statement"), which table is incorporated herein by reference, and (ii) is 
included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading 
"Executive Officers and Management of the Company." 

   Executive Compensation 

   Information required by this item will be included under the headings 
"Election of Directors -- Director Compensation; -- Executive Compensation"; 
and "Agreements with Senior Executives" in the 1995 Proxy Statement, which 
sections are incorporated herein by reference. 

   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

   Information required by this item will be included under the heading 
"Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock" in the 1995 Proxy Statement, which 
section is incorporated herein by reference. 

   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

   Information required by this item will be included under the heading 
"Certain Transactions" and "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation" in the 1995 Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated 
herein by reference. 

                               33           
<PAGE>
                                   PART IV 

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

   (1) Financial Statements 

   The following financial statements of Xyvision are included in Part II, 
Item 8. 

                                                                    PAGE(S) IN 
                                                                     FORM 10-K 
Report of Independent Accountants  .................................... 15 
Consolidated Balance Sheets--March 31, 1995 and 1994  ................... 16 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 for the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993  ..................... 17 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 for the years ended March 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993...................... 18 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 
 for the years ended March 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995  ..................... 19 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  ......................... 20-30 

   (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

   Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either 
not required, not applicable or because the required information has been 
included elsewhere in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

   Reports on Forms 8-K 

   No reports on Form 8-K were filed for the last quarter of the Company's 
fiscal year ended March 31, 1995. 

   Exhibits 

   The Exhibit Index appearing at the end of this document and immediately 
preceding the exhibits is incorporated by reference herein. 

                               34           
<PAGE>
                                  SIGNATURES 

    PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED 
         ON ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED. 

XYVISION, INC. 
                                    DATE: 
                                JUNE 28, 1995 
                             /S/ DANIEL M. CLARKE 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                               DANIEL M. CLARKE 
                    PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 

  PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THIS 
    REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF OF THE 
           REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES ON THE DATE INDICATED. 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                          <C>                               <C>
 Signature                   Title                               Date 
                             President and Chief Operating 
/s/ Daniel M. Clarke Daniel  Officer (principal executive 
 M. Clarke                   officer) 
                             Treasurer and Secretary 
/s/ Eugene P. Seneta Eugene  (principal financial and 
 P. Seneta                   accounting officer) 
/s/ Thomas H. Conway Thomas 
 H. Conway                   Director                           June 28, 1995 
/s/ Leland S. Kollmorgen 
 Leland S. Kollmorgen        Director 
/s/ James McKenney James 
 McKenney                    Director 
/s/ James S. Saltzman James 
 S. Saltzman                 Director 
</TABLE>

                               35           
<PAGE>
                                XYVISION, INC. 
                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-14747 
                                  FORM 10-K 
                   FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 1995 
                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                 <C>                                                                                      <C>
 Exhibit Number                                            Description                                       Page 

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
*3.1 -              Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
+++3.2 -            Certificate of Amendment No. 6 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
+++3.3 -            Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
                    Certificate of Designation to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company designating 
+++3.4 -            Series B Preferred Stock 
******3.5 -         Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company as amended 
                    Indenture dated as of May 5, 1987 between the Company and Bankers Trust Company, as 
                    Trustee, regarding the Company's $25,000,000 principal amount of 6% Convertible 
***4.1 -            Subordinated Debentures Due 2002 
                    Rights Agreement, dated as of October 19, 1988, between Xyvision, Inc. and the 
****4.2 -           Connecticut Bank and Trust Company, N.A. 
                    Amendment No. 1, dated January 8, 1992, to Rights Agreement between Xyvision, Inc. and 
++4.3 -             Mellon Bank, N.A. (formerly Connecticut Bank and Trust Company, N.A.) 
0++10.1 -           1992 Stock Option Plan 
                    Registration Agreement among the Company and certain holders of Common and Preferred 
* 10.2 -            Stock of the Company dated as of May 24, 1983, as amended 
                    Lease dated April 3, 1985 for the Company's premises at 101 Edgewater Drive, Wakefield, 
** 10.3 -           Massachusetts, between Edward Callan and the Company (the "Edgewater Lease") 
X 10.4 -            Form of Lease Amendment No. 2 to the Edgewater Lease 
                    Secured Advance Facility Loan Agreement between the Company and Tudor Trust dated July 
X 10.5 -            2, 1992, as amended to date 
0****** 10.6 -      Severence Program for Executive Committee Corporate Officers 
0****** 10.7 -      Employee Severence Benefit Program 
0******10.8 -       Employee Stock Ownership Plan and Trust 
0*****10.9 -        1992 Director Stock Option Plan 
                    Lease Termination Agreement dated April 25, 1991 for the Company's premises at 5 
+ 10.10 -           Centennial Park, Peabody, Massachusetts, between the Company and JMS Realty Trust 
++10.11 -           Exchange Agreement dated June 23, 1992 between the Company and Saltzman Partners 
XX10.12 -           Form of Exchange Agreement for 15% Promissory Notes 
O10.13 -            Letter Agreement effective October 1, 1993 betwen the Company and Thomas H. Conway 
+ 21.1 -            List of Subsidiaries 
23.1 -              Consent of Independent Accountants 

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>        <C>
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
*          31, 1988. 
**         Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-6015). 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
***        31, 1987. 
****       Incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19, 1988. 
*****      Incorporated by reference from the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 33-54018). 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
******     31, 1990. 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
+          31, 1991. 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
++         31, 1992. 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
+++        31, 1993. 
           Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement filed as an exhibit to this Form pursuant to Items 
0          14(a) and 14(c) of Form 10-K. 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 
X          31, 1994. 
           Incorporated by reference from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
XX         September 30, 1994. 31, 1994. 
</TABLE>

                               36           


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

   We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration 
statements of Xyvision, Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-10405, 33-29485, 
33-29486, 33-36243, 33-41846, 33-54014 and 33-54018) of our report dated June 
9, 1995, which report disclaims an opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements of Xyvision, Inc. as of March 31, 1995 due to the uncertainties as 
to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
                                                         /s/ Coopers & Lybrand 
                                                     COOPERS & LYBRAND, L.L.P. 
Boston, Massachusetts 
June 27, 1995 

                                1           


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>                     <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   3-MOS                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          MAR-31-1995             MAR-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               MAR-31-1995             MAR-31-1995
<CASH>                                             174                     174
<SECURITIES>                                         0                       0
<RECEIVABLES>                                    8,572                   8,572
<ALLOWANCES>                                       711                     711
<INVENTORY>                                        188                     188
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 1,174                   1,174
<PP&E>                                          15,273                  15,273
<DEPRECIATION>                                  11,533                  11,533
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  13,137                  13,137
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           12,597                  12,597
<BONDS>                                          4,677                   4,677
<COMMON>                                       (2,352)                 (2,352)
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0                       0
<PREFERRED>                                        190                     190
<OTHER-SE>                                     (1,953)                 (1,953)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    13,137                  13,137
<SALES>                                          6,186                  24,559
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 6,186                  24,559
<CGS>                                            3,382                  12,514
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    3,382                  12,514
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 2,780                  10,699
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0                     506
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 160                     519
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    136                     321
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0                       0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                136                     321
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0                       0
<CHANGES>                                            0                       0
<NET-INCOME>                                       136                     321
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .01                     .03
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .01                     .03
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
