-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LFMq9SjXAdJzoXG+O3bscLys7uMXMXvkiWqgJLHfXubyZc9FUZvxbInaTr6rhj5R
 c8s15Uid5cRZuIf7ZoGx4w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000897101-96-000024.txt : 19960126
<SEC-HEADER>0000897101-96-000024.hdr.sgml : 19960126
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897101-96-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951027
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960125
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VALSPAR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102741
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAINTS, VARNISHES, LACQUERS, ENAMELS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2851]
		IRS NUMBER:				362443580
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03011
		FILM NUMBER:		96506887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 THIRD ST SOUTH
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55415
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123757845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1101 THIRD STREET SOUTH
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55415
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>



                           Annual Report on Form 10-K

                             THE VALSPAR CORPORATION

                                October 27, 1995




                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended October 27, 1995         Commission file number 1-3011

                             THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

        Delaware                                             36-2443580
(State of incorporation)                                   (I.R.S. Employer
                                                          Identification No.)

           1101 Third Street South
            Minneapolis, Minnesota                               55415
(Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code          (612) 332-7371

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                       Name of Each Exchange
          Title of Each Class                           on which Registered

    Common Stock, $.50 Par Value                      New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding twelve months, and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements
for the past 90 days.
                                                 Yes __X__ No_____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by persons other than
officers, directors and more than 5% stockholders of the registrant as of
December 29, 1995 was $429 million based on the closing sales price of $44.625
per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. As of such date,
21,996,071 shares of Common Stock, $.50 par value per share (net of 4,664,585
shares in treasury) were outstanding.

                   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED IN PART BY REFERENCE
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Incorporated Documents                                                                  Location in Form 10-K

<S>                                                                                        <C>
1.   The Valspar Corporation Annual Report to Stockholders                                 Parts II and IV
     for fiscal year ended October 27, 1995

2.   The Valspar Corporation Notice of 1996 Annual Meeting of                              Part III 
     Stockholders and Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission within 120 days of fiscal year ended October 27, 1995

</TABLE>


PART I

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS

                                   DESCRIPTION

The Valspar Corporation (the "Company") is a paint and coatings manufacturer and
has one reportable industry segment. Operating groups of the Company are
organized so as to reflect classes of similar products, and the following table
shows the percentage of net sales for these groups for the past three fiscal
years.

   Class of Products                          1995      1994       1993
   -----------------                          ----      ----       ----

   Consumer Coatings                           34%        31%       30%
   Packaging Coatings                          27         25        27
   Industrial Coatings                         25         23        23
   Special Products                            14         21        20

                        PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION METHODS

The Company is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of paint and coatings
through its Consumer Coatings, Industrial Coatings, Packaging Coatings and
Special Products groups.

The CONSUMER COATINGS group manufactures and distributes a full line of latex
and oil-based paints, stains and varnishes serving primarily the do-it-yourself
market. Its products are marketed under proprietary brands (Colony, Valspar,
Enterprise, Magicolor, McCloskey, BPS and Masury) and under private labels.
Colony, Valspar, Enterprise and McCloskey paint sales are directed primarily to
home improvement centers. Magicolor's marketing focus is mass merchants and the
branded products of Masury and Valspar are sold directly to paint specialty
stores and independent building material outlets. Private label and BPS consumer
products are primarily sold to hardware wholesalers, home center chains, farm
store chains and farm cooperatives. A group of specialty products, which
includes Valspar and McCloskey varnishes, clear polyurethanes, interior stains
and marine paints, is sold nationally through all of these channels.
Merchandising assistance is provided to consumer customers in the form of
seasonal promotion programs, cooperative advertising on a local basis,
informational literature and self-merchandised displays. Consumer products are
distributed throughout the United States, primarily from factory warehouses and
warehouse distribution centers.

The primary manufacturing plants for CONSUMER COATINGS are located in Azusa,
California; Garland, Texas; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Rockford, Illinois;
Tampa, Florida; and Wheeling, Illinois. The latex manufacturing plant in
Wheeling is one of the most modern facilities in the consumer paint industry.
The Garland plant is also a very modern manufacturing facility providing needed
capacity for producing consumer latex paint, industrial coatings, packaging
coatings and resins. During 1995, production began at our newest facility in
Statesville, North Carolina.

The PACKAGING COATINGS group is the largest coatings supplier to the rigid
packaging industry in North America and a major licensor of the related
technology to coatings companies throughout the world. Packaging coatings for
application to food and beverage can bodies and ends comprise the largest volume
of sales by this group. Great care is taken to ensure that these coatings meet
F.D.A. and U.S.D.A. standards. Also produced are coatings for aerosol cans,
bottle crowns, closures for glass bottles, and coatings for flexible
packaging-paper, film and foil substrates. In 1995, the Packaging Coatings Group
expanded its operations to the Far East by opening a sales office in Hong Kong
to sell to and service customers in the Peoples Republic of China and in
Southeast Asia. The group also entered into a joint venture with a large Chinese
company for the manufacture of packaging coatings in the Peoples Republic of
China which is expected to begin operations in mid 1996. During 1995, the
Packaging Group expanded its international operations by establishing
wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, The Valspar (UK)
Corporation, Limited, and Australia, The Valspar (Australia) Corporation Pty,
Limited. Toll manufacturing arrangements were contracted and sales
representatives hired to support these subsidiaries.

The primary manufacturing plants for the PACKAGING COATINGS group are in Azusa,
California; Covington, Georgia; Garland, Texas; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania;
Rochester, Pennsylvania; and West Hill, Ontario, Canada.

The INDUSTRIAL COATINGS group manufactures and distributes, primarily in the
United States and Canada, decorative and protective coatings for application to
wood, metal and plastic substrates. The Company is a major supplier of finishes
to the furniture and wood paneling industry. Products include fillers, primers,
stains and topcoats which are sold for such diversified end uses as exterior
siding, prefinished flooring, interior wall paneling, kitchen cabinets, pianos
and furniture. For metal and plastic substrates a large variety of coatings are
formulated to meet customers' needs and, when required, to meet EPA requirements
through the use of such technologies as electrodeposition, powder, high solids,
water-borne and UV light cured coatings. These products are used by a wide range
of industries including the railcar, appliance, office furniture, agricultural
and construction equipment and metal fabrication industries. The Company also
supplies coating systems to the coil coatings industry which are used to coat
coils of metal prior to fabrication into products for such markets as
pre-engineered buildings, doors, lighting fixtures and appliances. In late 1994,
the Industrial Group established a foreign subsidiary in Singapore, The Valspar
(Singapore) Corporation Pte Ltd, to manufacture and sell fluorocarbon coatings
for architectural applications in the Far East. The Company does not sell to
original equipment manufacturers. The acquisition of Sunbelt Coatings, a
manufacturer of automotive and fleet refinish coatings, was completed in March
1995. The new company, Valspar Sunbelt, established a sales force and
distribution network throughout the United States and Canada. The Company is
focusing on strengthening its presence in the fleet, refinish, coatings sector
and the production shop/light industrial refinish sector. The Company is also a
supplier for auto under-body, under-hood, exterior and interior trim parts.

The manufacturing plants for the INDUSTRIAL COATINGS group are located at Fort
Wayne, Indiana; Garland, Texas; High Point, North Carolina; Jackson, Tennessee;
Kankakee, Illinois; and West Hill, Ontario, Canada.

The SPECIAL PRODUCTS group is engaged in the production and marketing, primarily
in the United States, of resins and emulsions for coatings, heavy duty
maintenance and marine coatings, high performance floor coatings for industrial
and commercial use, colorants and colorant systems. Emulsions and resins are
produced at the Company's facilities in Los Angeles, California; Garland, Texas;
Kankakee, Marengo and Rockford, Illinois for use by the Company and for sale to
other coatings manufacturers. Certain resin operations previously included in
the Company's McWhorter subsidiary were distributed to the Company's
shareholders in the form of a stock dividend at the time of the spin-off of
McWhorter Technologies, Inc. in April 1994. Following the spin-off, the Company
retained the resin operations located in Los Angeles, Rockford, Kankakee and
Garland as described above. The spin-off is described in Note C to the
Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 15 and 16 of Valspar's 1995 Annual
Report to Stockholders incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. In May
1995, production of emulsions began at a new resin plant in Marengo, Illinois to
support the growth of the Company's consumer paint business and to better
service external customers. Heavy duty maintenance coatings are formulated for
applicators with highly corrosive and other harsh environmental exposures
requiring specialized coatings technology. Major markets are petrochemical
units, utilities, nuclear plants, paper mills, food processing and
pharmaceutical plants, waste and water treatment facilities, off-shore oil
structures and the marine industry. Heavy duty maintenance and marine coatings
are primarily manufactured in Beaumont, Texas and Garland, Texas. Also
distributed through its Federal International Chemical division are specialty
coatings and resurfacers for concrete and wood floors. These products are
produced at Federal's plant in Chicago, Illinois. Paint colorants, manufactured
at the Company's facility in Rockford, Illinois, are used by retail paint
dealers to color paint to customer specification. These colorants are used to
support the Company's consumer business and are sold directly to external
customers. During 1994, new colorant capacity was added to the Company's
Louisville, Kentucky plant. This state-of-the-art facility primarily produces
colorants to serve the industrial segment as well as provide additional trade
sales colorant capacity.

The Company invested in two joint ventures during the first quarter of 1993. To
expand coatings sales in the Mexican and Central American markets, the Company
formed a joint venture with Pinturas Atlas Marlux called Valspar-Marlux to
engage in the marketing, sales, distribution and technical service of packaging,
coil, wood and general metals coatings. To further develop the professional
paint market served by home centers, the Company entered into a sales and
marketing joint venture with Smiland Paint Company called Conco Paint Company.
In each venture, both the Company and its joint venture partner manufacture the
products sold by the joint venture.

                                  RAW MATERIALS

Materials are procured from a number of suppliers. Many of these raw materials
are petroleum based derivatives, including olefin and natural gas derivatives,
as well as mined products. Under normal conditions all of these materials are
generally available on the open market, although prices and availability are
subject to fluctuation from time to time.

                                     PATENTS

The Company's business is not materially dependent upon franchises, licenses or
similar rights, or on any single patent or trademark or group of related patents
or trademarks.

                      SEASONALITY AND WORKING CAPITAL ITEMS

The Company's sales volume is traditionally highest during the third quarter of
the fiscal year. This seasonality is due to the buying cycle of the consumer
paint and heavy duty maintenance businesses. During the first quarter, when
sales are generally lowest, the Company builds inventory, the financing for
which is provided primarily by internally generated funds and short-term credit
lines discussed in Note F of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on
page 17 of Valspar's 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders incorporated by
reference into this Form 10-K.

                              SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMERS

In 1995, the Company's sales to Lowe's Companies, Inc. exceeded 10% of
consolidated net sales.

                        BACKLOG AND GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

The Company has no significant backlog of orders and generally is able to fill
orders on a current basis.

No material portion of the business of the Company is subject to renegotiation
of profit or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the
government.


                                   COMPETITION

All aspects of the paint and coatings business are highly competitive. There are
approximately 800 domestic paint and coatings manufacturers, and the Company
now ranks sixth in North America with less than 5% of the market.

Principal methods of competition for consumer coatings and specialty paint
products include price, consumer recognition, product innovation, product
quality and rapid response to customer orders. The Company offers merchandising
and promotion programs to its consumer customers to counter the extensive
advertising programs of some of its competitors, and has maintained product
recognition through high quality, well-designed products.

Principal methods of competition for industrial and packaging coatings are
technical capabilities for specific product formulation, ability to meet
customer delivery requirements, technical assistance to the customer in product
application, price and new product concepts. The Company believes that its
industrial and packaging coatings are competitive in these respects in the
industries it serves. The markets for these coatings are increasingly global and
the Company is taking measures to establish a presence in Asia and Europe to
address these important markets.

Principal methods of competition for resins and emulsions, heavy duty
maintenance coatings and high performance floor coatings are product quality,
rapid response to customer orders, technical assistance to the customer in
product application, price and new product development. The Company believes it
is competitive in these respects in the Special Products business discussed
previously.

The Company competes in the colorant and colorant systems business with fewer
than five colorant manufacturers. The Company ranks second in sales to the
largest colorant producer, which has greater than 50% of U.S. colorant sales.
Competitive factors include color design and range, product quality,
compatibility with various types of paint bases, dealer merchandising assistance
and price. The Company believes that it is competitive in these respects.

                            RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

Research and development costs for fiscal 1995 were $27,746,000, representing a
1.2% increase over fiscal 1994 ($27,430,000). Fiscal 1994 costs increased 9.9%
over those of fiscal 1993 ($24,955,000). Primary emphasis has been in emerging
technologies in the industrial and packaging coatings markets.


                            ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

The Company undertakes to comply with applicable regulations relating to
protection of the environment and workers' safety. Capital expenditures for this
purpose were not material in fiscal 1995, and capital expenditures for 1996 to
comply with existing laws and regulations are also not expected to be material.

                                    EMPLOYEES

The Company employs approximately 2,500 persons, approximately 482 of whom are
members of unions.

                       FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES

The Company's plant in West Hill, Ontario, Canada manufactures and distributes
packaging, coil and general industrial coatings for the Canadian market. Other
than the business of the Canadian subsidiary, the Company's foreign operations
consist primarily of licensing and joint venture arrangements. Technologies for
packaging and heavy duty maintenance coatings, colorants, powder coatings and
general industrial coatings are currently licensed to paint and coating
manufacturers in over twenty foreign countries. The markets for industrial and
packaging coatings are becoming increasingly global. To capitalize on this
globalization, the Company is reducing its reliance on licensing agreements in
various foreign countries and placing greater emphasis on joint ventures which
provide the Company an equity interest and permit the Company to exert greater
control over the use of its technology. Export sales are not material.

ITEM 2.     PROPERTIES

The Company's principal offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota are owned. Operations
are conducted at eighteen locations, primarily in Illinois, California, Texas
and Pennsylvania with one plant in West Hill, Ontario, Canada. Fifteen plants
with square footage of 2,270,000 are owned and three of the plants with square
footage of 250,000 are leased. The Statesville, North Carolina plant with 50,000
square footage and the Marengo, Illinois plant with 52,000 square footage began
production in 1995.

The Company considers that the principal properties and facilities owned or
leased by it are adequately maintained, in good operating condition and are
adequate for the purposes for which they are being used. Operating capacity
varies by division, but for most of the Company's businesses, additional
productive capacity is available by increasing the number of shifts worked.

ITEM 3.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is involved in various claims relating to environmental and waste
disposal matters at the sites of a number of current and former plants. The
Company participates in remedial and other environmental compliance activities
at certain of these sites. At other sites, the Company has been named as a
potentially responsible party (PRP) under federal and state environmental laws
for the remediation of hazardous waste. While uncertainties exist with respect
to the amounts and timing of the Company's ultimate environmental liabilities,
the Company believes that such liabilities, individually and in the aggregate,
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or
results of operations. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 8 through 10 of the Company's 1995
Annual Report to Stockholders incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.

The Company is a defendant in a number of other legal proceedings which it
believes are not out of the ordinary in a business of the type and size in which
it is engaged. The Company believes that these legal proceedings, individually
and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on its business or
financial condition.


ITEM 4.     SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

There was no matter submitted during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1995 to a
vote of security holders.

- --------------------------------

                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The names and ages of all of the registrant's executive officers, all of whose
terms expire in February 1996, and the positions held by them are as listed
below. There are no family relationships between any of the officers or between
any officer and director.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Name                    Age       Position

<S>                                      <C>        <C> 
   C. Angus Wurtele                      61         Chairman of the Board since February 1973

   Robert E. Pajor                       59         Vice Chairman since March 1994

   Richard M. Rompala                    49         Chief Executive Officer since October 1995 and
                                                    President since March 1994

   Larry B. Brandenburger                48         Vice President, Research and Development since
                                                    October 1989

   Stephen M. Briggs                     39         Vice President, Consumer Coatings Group since August
                                                    1993

   Rolf Engh                             42         Vice President, International since September 1993
                                                    and Secretary since April 1993

   Steven L. Erdahl                      43         Vice President, Industrial Coatings Group since June
                                                    1991

   William L. Mansfield                  47         Vice President, Packaging Coatings Group since
                                                    February 1991

   Paul C. Reyelts                       49         Vice President, Finance since April 1982

</TABLE>

The foregoing executive officers have served in the stated capacity for the
registrant during the past five years, except for the following:


Prior to October 1995, Mr. Wurtele was Chief Executive Officer since February
1973.

Prior to March 1994, Mr. Pajor was President and Chief Operating Officer since
June 1981.

Prior to March 1994, Mr. Rompala was Group Vice President-Coatings and Resins
since January 1992 and Group Vice President -Chemicals since June 1987 at PPG
Industries, Inc.

Prior to August 1993, Mr. Briggs was Vice President, Consumer Sales since
February 1992. Previously he held the position of Vice President, Color
Corporation of America and McCloskey since December 1991 and was General
Manager, Color Corporation of America since November 1989.

Prior to April 1993, Mr. Engh was a partner of Lindquist & Vennum, a
Minneapolis, Minnesota law firm, since 1986.

Prior to June 1991, Mr. Erdahl was Vice President, Metal Coatings since October
1989.

Prior to February 1991, Mr. Mansfield was Vice President, Packaging Coatings
since July 1990.

PART II

ITEM 5.     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
            MATTERS

The information in the section titled "Stock Information and Dividends" on page
7 of Valspar's 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference. All market prices indicated in this section represent transactions on
the New York Stock Exchange. The number of record holders of the Company's
Common Stock at December 29, 1995 was 1,845.

The quarterly dividend declared December 13, 1995, which was paid January 15,
1996 to Common Stockholders of record December 29, 1995, was increased to
16.5(cent) per share.

ITEM 6.     SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information in the section titled "Eleven Year Financial Summary" for the
years 1991 through 1995 on pages 6 and 7 of Valspar's 1995 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
            RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The information in the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 8 through 10 of
Valspar's 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto on pages 11 through 19
of Valspar's 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders are incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 9.     CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
            FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

PART III

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information regarding directors set forth on pages 2 and 3 of Valspar's
Proxy Statement dated January 26, 1996 is incorporated herein by reference. The
information regarding executive officers is set forth in Part I of this report.

ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information in the section titled "Executive Compensation" on pages 6
through 8 and the section titled "Director Compensation" on pages 4 and 5 of
Valspar's Proxy Statement dated January 26, 1996 is incorporated herein by
reference. The information on pages 8 through 11 of Valspar's Proxy Statement
dated January 26, 1996 is not incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information in the section titled "Share Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners" and "Share Ownership of Management" on pages 15 and 16 of Valspar's
Proxy Statement dated January 26, 1996 is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information in the section titled "Certain Transactions" on page 5 of
Valspar's Proxy Statement dated January 26, 1996 is incorporated herein by
reference.


PART IV

ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   For financial statements and financial statement schedule filed as a part
      of this report, reference is made to "Index to Financial Statements and
      Financial Statement Schedule" on page F-2 of this report. For a list of
      exhibits filed as a part of this report, see Item 14(c) below.
      Compensatory Plans listed in Item 14(c) are denoted by a double asterisk.

(b) No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter of the year
ended October 27, 1995.

(c)   The following exhibits are filed as part of this report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Exhibit
          No.                                              Description
      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>                         
         3(a)7        CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION--as amended to and including
                      June 30, 1970, with further amendments to Article Four
                      dated February 29, 1984, February 25, 1986 and February
                      26, 1992, and to Article Eleven dated
                      February 25, 1987

         3(b)3        BY-LAWS--as amended to and including February 25, 1987

         10(a)1       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN **

         10(b)1       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION KEY EMPLOYEES' SUPPLEMENTARY RETIREMENT PLAN **

         10(c)2       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL BONUS PLAN **

         10(d)5       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION DEFERRED BONUS AND STOCK SALE
                      PLAN--as amended August 12, 1987, December 21, 1988 and
                      December 12, 1990 **

         10(e)4       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 1982 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN--as amended February 25, 1987
                      **

         10(f)4       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION NONQUALIFIED STOCK
                      OPTION PLAN **

         10(g)6       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 1991 STOCK OPTION PLAN **

         10(h)6       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION LEVERAGED EQUITY PURCHASE PLAN **


ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
            (CONTINUED)

(c)   Index of Exhibits (continued)

        Exhibit
          No.                                            Description
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         10(i)7       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION KEY EMPLOYEE ANNUAL BONUS PLAN--as amended December 13,
                      1995 **

         10(j)8       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS **

         10(k)9       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION ANNUAL BONUS PLAN **

         10(l)9       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION INCENTIVE BONUS PLAN **

         10(m)+       DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT REGARDING McWHORTER SPIN-OFF

         10(n)+       ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AGREEMENT

         10(o)+       TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT

         10(p)+       TAX SHARING AGREEMENT

         10(q)+       MASTER TOLLING AGREEMENT

         10(r)+       SALE AND PURCHASE OF ASSETS AGREEMENT BETWEEN CARGILL, INCORPORATED AND McWHORTER,
                      INC. DATED AS OF MAY 19, 1993, AS SUBSEQUENTLY MODIFIED AND AMENDED

         10(s)+       AGREEMENT CONTAINING CONSENT ORDER EXECUTED AS OF
                      SEPTEMBER 30, 1993 BY THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION, THE
                      VALSPAR CORPORATION AND McWHORTER, INC.

         10(t)+       $60,000,000 CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 1, 1994 AMONG McWHORTER, INC.,
                      McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., THE BANKS LISTED THEREIN AND WACHOVIA BANK OF
                      GEORGIA, N.A., AS AGENT

         10(u)+       LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
                      FOR THE LEASE TO McWHORTER OF OFFICE AND LABORATORY SPACE IN MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA

         10(v)+       LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
                      FOR THE LEASE TO VALSPAR OF MANUFACTURING, WAREHOUSING, LABORATORY AND OFFICE SPACE
                      IN PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA

         13*          1995 Annual Report to Stockholders (only those portions
                      expressly incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed
                      filed with the Commission)

         21*          Subsidiaries of the Registrant

         23(a)*       Consent of Independent Auditors--Ernst & Young LLP

         23(b)*       Consent of Independent Auditors--Deloitte & Touche LLP

         99(a)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Salaried Employees

         99(b)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Hourly Employees

         99(c)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement Plan

         27           Financial Data Schedule (submitted in electronic format for use of Commission only)

     ----------------------------

</TABLE>

ITEM 14.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
            (CONTINUED)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Exhibit
          No.                                            Description
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>                             
         1            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 1981.

         2            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 1983.

         3            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1987.

         4            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 27, 1989.

         5            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 26, 1990.

         6            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 25, 1991.

         7            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992; amendment filed with
                      this Form 10-K.

         8            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992; amendment filed with
                      Form 10-K for the period ended October 28, 1994.

         9            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992.

         *            As filed with this Form 10-K.

         **           Compensatory Plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Item 14(c) of
                      Form 10-K.

         +            Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3,
                      10.4, 10.5, 10.11, 10.12, 10.13, 10.14 and 10.15,
                      respectively, to Form S-1 Registration Statement of
                      McWhorter (Commission File No. 33-75726), as declared
                      effective on April 4, 1994.

</TABLE>

      Portions of the 1996 Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference
      as set forth in Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of this report. Only those
      portions expressly incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed filed
      with the Commission.

(d)   See page F-2 of this report.


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                         THE VALSPAR CORPORATION


January 22, 1996                         /s/ Rolf Engh
                                         Rolf Engh, Secretary

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


<TABLE>

<S>                                               <C>                       <C>                                     <C>

- -----------------------------------------------------                       -------------------------------------------------
C. Angus Wurtele, Chairman of the Board                                     Susan S. Boren, Director



/s/ Richard M. Rompala                            January 22, 1996          -------------------------------------------------
Richard M. Rompala, Director                                                Richard N. Cardozo, Director
(President and Chief Executive Officer)


/s/ Robert E. Pajor                               January 22, 1996          /s/ William W. George                  January 22, 1996
Robert E. Pajor, Director                                                   William W. George, Director
(Vice Chairman)


/s/ Paul C. Reyelts                               January 22, 1996          /s/ Thomas R. McBurney                 January 22, 1996
Paul C. Reyelts, Vice President, Finance                                    Thomas R. McBurney, Director
(Chief Financial Officer)


/s/ Kathleen P. Pepski                            January 22, 1996          -------------------------------------------------
Kathleen P. Pepski, Controller                                              Kendrick B. Melrose, Director
(Chief Accounting Officer)


                                                                            /s/ Gregory R. Palen                   January 22, 1996
                                                                            Gregory R. Palen, Director


                                                                            -------------------------------------------------
                                                                            Lawrence Perlman, Director


                                                                            /s/ Michael P. Sullivan                January 22, 1996
                                                                            Michael P. Sullivan, Director
</TABLE>

                                      F-1

                           Annual Report on Form 10-K

                       Item 14(a)(1) and (2), (c) and (d)

                            Financial Statements and
                          Financial Statement Schedule

                                Certain Exhibits

                           Year ended October 27, 1995

                             THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
                             Minneapolis, Minnesota


                                      F-2

                             The Valspar Corporation

                 Form 10-K--Item 14(a)(1) and (2) and Item 14(d)

         Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule


The following consolidated financial statements of The Valspar Corporation and
subsidiaries are incorporated in Part II, Item 8, and Part IV, Item 14(a) of
this report by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to Stockholders for
the year ended October 27, 1995:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              Pages in
                                                                                            Annual Report
<S>                                                                                                <C>  

Report of Independent Auditors......................................................................20

Financial Statements:
   Consolidated Balance Sheets--October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994...............................11
   Consolidated Statements of Income--Years ended October 27, 1995,
      October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993.........................................................12
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity--
      Years ended October 27, 1995, October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993...........................12
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows--Years ended October 27, 1995,
      October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993.........................................................13
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements....................................................14-19

Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited).......................................................19


The following consolidated financial statement schedule should be read in
conjunction with the consolidated financial statements referred to above:

Financial Statement Schedule:

   Years ended October 27, 1995, October 28, 1994 and October 29, 1993

Schedule.                                                                                Page

    II             Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves..................................F-3

</TABLE>

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the
related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.



                                      F-3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             The Valspar Corporation

           Schedule II--Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves


- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     COL. A                             COL. B               COL. C                COL. C      
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       Additions
                                                                      -----------------------------------------
                                                                              (1)               (2)
                                                 Balance at Beginning     Charged to         Charged to
                                                      of Period          Expense  or            Other          
                  Description                                               (Income)      Accounts--Describe   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                     <C>                               
Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts:
       Year ended October 27, 1995                    $   890,000             $610,000                         
                                                                                                               

       Year ended October 28, 1994                      1,054,000              (96,000)                        
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               

       Year ended October 29, 1993                      1,005,000              257,000                         
                                                                                                               


           Schedule II--Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

(TABLE CONTINUED)

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                     COL. A                                     COL. D                COL. E         
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                 
                                                      Deductions--Describe       Balance at          
                  Description                                                  End of Period         
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                                    <C>                          <C>              
Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:                                                
     Allowance for doubtful accounts:                                                                
       Year ended October 27, 1995                      $830,000  (1)               $   911,000      
                                                        (241,000) (2)                                
                                                                                                     
       Year ended October 28, 1994                       388,000  (1)                   890,000      
                                                        (433,000) (2)                                 
                                                         113,000  (3)                         
                                                                                                     
       Year ended October 29, 1993                       490,000  (1)                 1,054,000      
                                                        (282,000) (2)                         
                                                     
</TABLE>
                                                    
(1)      Uncollectible accounts written off.
                                                
(2)      Recoveries on accounts previously written off.

(3)      Amount spun off to McWhorter Technologies, Inc. on April 29, 1994 (see
         Note B in Annual Report.)


INDEX TO EXHIBITS FILED WITH THIS REPORT

THE VALSPAR CORPORATION



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Exhibit
          No.                                              Description
      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>                   
         3(a)7        CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION--as amended to and including
                      June 30, 1970, with further amendments to Article Four
                      dated February 29, 1984, February 25, 1986 and February
                      26, 1992, and to Article Eleven dated
                      February 25, 1987

         3(b)3        BY-LAWS--as amended to and including February 25, 1987

         10(a)1       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN **

         10(b)1       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION KEY EMPLOYEES' SUPPLEMENTARY RETIREMENT PLAN **

         10(c)2       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL BONUS PLAN **

         10(d)5       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION DEFERRED BONUS AND STOCK SALE
                      PLAN--as amended August 12, 1987, December 21, 1988 and
                      December 12, 1990 **

         10(e)4       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 1982 INCENTIVE STOCK
                      OPTION PLAN--as amended February 25, 1987 **

         10(f)4       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION NONQUALIFIED STOCK
                      OPTION PLAN **

         10(g)6       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 1991 STOCK OPTION PLAN **

         10(h)6       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION LEVERAGED EQUITY
                      PURCHASE PLAN **

         10(i)7       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION KEY EMPLOYEE ANNUAL
                      BONUS PLAN--as amended December 13, 1995 **

         10(j)8       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS **

         10(k)9       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION ANNUAL BONUS PLAN **

         10(l)9       THE VALSPAR CORPORATION INCENTIVE BONUS PLAN **

         10(m)+       DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT REGARDING McWHORTER SPIN-OFF

         10(n)+       ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AGREEMENT

         10(o)+       TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT

         10(p)+       TAX SHARING AGREEMENT

         10(q)+       MASTER TOLLING AGREEMENT

         10(r)+       SALE AND PURCHASE OF ASSETS AGREEMENT BETWEEN CARGILL, INCORPORATED AND McWHORTER,
                      INC. DATED AS OF MAY 19, 1993, AS SUBSEQUENTLY MODIFIED AND AMENDED

         10(s)+       AGREEMENT CONTAINING CONSENT ORDER EXECUTED AS OF
                      SEPTEMBER 30, 1993 BY THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION, THE
                      VALSPAR CORPORATION AND McWHORTER, INC.

         10(t)+       $60,000,000 CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 1, 1994 AMONG McWHORTER, INC.,
                      McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., THE BANKS LISTED THEREIN AND WACHOVIA BANK OF
                      GEORGIA, N.A., AS AGENT

         10(u)+       LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
                      FOR THE LEASE TO McWHORTER OF OFFICE AND LABORATORY SPACE IN MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA


         10(v)+       LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN McWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND THE VALSPAR CORPORATION
                      FOR THE LEASE TO VALSPAR OF MANUFACTURING, WAREHOUSING, LABORATORY AND OFFICE SPACE
                      IN PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA

         13*          1995 Annual Report to Stockholders (only those portions
                      expressly incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed
                      filed with the Commission)

         21*          Subsidiaries of the Registrant

         23(a)*       Consent of Independent Auditors--Ernst & Young LLP

         23(b)*       Consent of Independent Auditors--Deloitte & Touche LLP

         99(a)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Salaried Employees

         99(b)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Hourly Employees

         99(c)*       Financial Statements for the Years Ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and
                      Independent Auditors' Report--Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement Plan

         27           Financial Data Schedule (submitted in electronic format for use
                      of Commission only)
     ------------------------

</TABLE>


INDEX TO EXHIBITS FILED WITH THIS REPORT (continued)

THE VALSPAR CORPORATION




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        Exhibit
          No.                                            Description
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C> 
         1            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 1981.

         2            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 1983.

         3            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1987.

         4            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 27, 1989.

         5            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 26, 1990.

         6            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 25, 1991.

         7            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992; amendment filed with
                      this Form 10-K.

         8            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992; amendment filed with
                      this Form-10-K for the period ended
                      October 28, 1994.

         9            As filed with Form 10-K for the period ended October 30, 1992.


         *            As filed with this Form 10-K.

         **           Compensatory Plan or arrangement required to be filed pursuant to Item 14(c) of
                      Form 10-K.

         +            Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3,
                      10.4, 10.5, 10.11, 10.12, 10.13, 10.14 and 10.15,
                      respectively, to Form S-1 Registration Statement of
                      McWhorter (Commission File No. 33-75726), as declared
                      effective on April 4, 1994.

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.I
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>




                                                                   Exhibit 10(i)



                             THE VALSPAR CORPORATION

                           BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING

                                December 13, 1995



                   AMENDMENT TO KEY EMPLOYEE ANNUAL BONUS PLAN

         WHEREAS, on October 21, 1992 this Board of Directors adopted The
Valspar Corporation Key Employee Annual Bonus Plan (the "Plan"), and the Board
reserved 200,000 shares of Common Stock of the Corporation for grants of
restricted stock under the Plan; and

         WHEREAS, 118,432 shares of restricted stock have been granted to date
under the Plan, and the Board believes that an increase in the reserve for
restricted stock grants under the Plan is appropriate to accommodate anticipated
future restricted stock awards under the Plan, in order to further the purposes
of the Plan.

         NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Plan be, and it hereby is,
amended, subject to shareholder approval, to provide that an aggregate 700,000
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation shall be available for grants of
restricted stock pursuant to the Plan.

         FURTHER RESOLVED, that the following officers of the Corporation be
authorized and empowered to execute and deliver on behalf of the Corporation a
Registration Statement on Form S-8 covering the additional shares subject to the
Plan, and to take any and all other actions necessary or appropriate to further
the purposes of the foregoing resolutions: Chairman of the Board, Vice Chairman,
President, Vice President-Finance, Secretary and Treasurer.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ELEVEN-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   (Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>    
OPERATING RESULTS   Fiscal Years                                      1995        1994       1993       1992         1991      1990
                    Net Sales                                    $ 790,175   $ 795,275  $ 700,897  $ 683,485    $ 632,562  $571,445
                    Cost and Expenses
                         Cost of Sales                             561,170     569,063    501,135    492,092      458,953   410,094
                         Operating Expense                         146,344     146,683    129,997    131,232      120,643   109,206
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Income from Operations                          82,661      79,529     69,765     60,161       52,966    52,145

                    Other (Income) Expense - Net                      (763)        631      2,036        360        1,504     3,337
                    Interest Expense                                 4,216       2,504      1,645      2,932        5,686     4,704
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Income Before Income Taxes                      79,208      76,394     66,084     56,869       45,776    44,104

                    Net Income                                      47,520      45,799     40,156     34,418       27,676    26,731
                    Net Income as a Percent of Sales                   6.0%        5.8%       5.7%       5.0%         4.4%      4.7%
                    Return on Average Equity                          24.4%       24.4%      21.8%      21.7%        20.0%     22.1%
                    Per Common Share:
                     Net Income                                  $    2.15   $    2.07  $    1.82  $    1.57    $    1.27  $   1.22
                     Dividends Paid                                    .60         .52        .44        .36          .30       .26
                     Stockholders' Equity                             9.65        7.97       9.02       7.84         6.79      5.92

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL POSITION  Total Assets                                 $ 398,199   $ 367,608  $ 340,479  $ 321,618    $ 319,367  $302,806
                    Working Capital at Year-End                     90,995      87,887     85,741     57,500       58,066    56,199
                    Property, Plant and Equipment - Net            130,404     107,956    103,916    101,005       98,818   106,621
                    Long-Term Debt, Excluding Current Portion       21,658      35,343      7,890     10,684       30,697    49,456
                    Stockholders' Equity                           212,115     176,712    198,826    169,377      147,896   128,707

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER STATISTICS    Property, Plant and Equipment Expenditures   $  38,982   $  31,817  $  17,213  $  19,581    $   8,843  $ 13,171
                    Depreciation and Amortization Expense           20,318      19,134     20,648     19,793       18,896    15,119
                    Research and Development Expense                27,746      27,430     24,955     24,802       23,226    20,350
                    Total Cash Dividends                         $  13,121   $  11,252  $   9,471  $   7,843    $   6,519  $  5,651
                    Average Common Shares Outstanding (000's)       22,091      22,163     22,031     21,973       21,862    21,854
                    Number of Stockholders                           1,864       1,902      1,866      1,863        1,857     1,863
                    Number of Employees at Year-End                  2,542       2,585      2,577      2,482        2,530     2,502
                    Market Price Range --
                    Common Stock: High                           $   41.88   $   45.75  $   41.50  $   36.38    $   23.44  $  20.00
                                  Low                                30.50       32.75      30.38      22.56        15.25     14.69

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ELEVEN-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY Table Continued
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   (Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Fiscal Years                                      1989          1988          1987          1986          1985
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>      
OPERATING RESULTS   Net Sales                                    $ 526,892     $ 479,617     $ 448,944     $ 345,248     $ 347,164

                     Cost of Sales                                 385,459       356,690       321,258       252,588       260,858
                     Operating Expense                              98,725        89,906        89,862        63,733        62,403
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Income from Operations                          42,708        33,021        37,824        28,927        23,903

                    Other (Income) Expense - Net                    (1,555)       (2,733)         (479)       (2,871)       (2,710)
                    Interest Expense                                 5,838         6,370         6,227         5,103         6,153
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Income Before Income Taxes                      38,425        29,384        32,076        26,695        20,460

                    Net Income                                      23,234        18,295        18,052        14,770        11,532
                    Net Income as a Percent of Sales                   4.4%          3.8%          4.0%          4.3%          3.3%
                    Return on Average Equity                          21.9%         19.7%         23.0%         20.3%         16.5%
                    Per Common Share:
                     Net Income                                  $    1.04     $     .81     $     .80     $     .63     $     .49
                     Dividends Paid                                    .22           .20           .16           .13           .11
                     Stockholders' Equity                             5.11          4.46          3.85          3.21          3.15

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL POSITION  Total Assets                                 $ 261,103     $ 232,974     $ 236,099     $ 164,678     $ 164,758
                    Working Capital at Year-End                     63,519        60,694        57,148        29,091        57,316
                    Property, Plant and Equipment - Net             82,687        73,652        74,748        51,931        54,341
                    Long-Term Debt, Excluding Current Portion       40,201        42,412        58,561         6,619        35,986
                    Stockholders' Equity                           112,698        99,895        85,807        71,020        74,363

- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER STATISTICS    Property, Plant and Equipment Expenditures   $   8,701     $   9,390     $  10,032     $   4,806     $   4,060
                    Depreciation and Amortization Expense           13,975        12,759        11,687         7,042         7,020
                    Research and Development Expense                18,037        17,190        17,062        14,880        15,494
                    Total Cash Dividends                         $   4,899     $   4,472     $   3,559     $   3,034     $   2,593
                    Average Common Shares Outstanding (000's)       22,330        22,488        22,490        23,536        23,774
                    Number of Stockholders                           1,864         1,922         1,869         1,814         1,855
                    Number of Employees at Year-End                  2,593         2,505         2,687         2,121         2,204
                    Market Price Range--
                     Common Stock: High                          $   15.94     $   15.50     $   20.25     $   12.04     $    6.97
                                   Low                               11.32         10.57          9.82          6.60          4.38

</TABLE>


Reference is made to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a
summary of accounting policies and additional information. The above amounts
include Sunbelt Coatings, Inc. results, as the 1995 acquisition was accounted
for as a pooling of interests. Results for 1994 include six months of operations
for McWhorter Technologies, Inc. prior to the spin-off to shareholders. Results
for 1987 include ten months of operations for Enterprise Paint Companies. Per
share data has been adjusted to reflect 2-for-1 stock splits effective in March
1987 and March 1992. The number of stockholders is based on recordholders at
year-end.

GROUP SALES

The operating divisions of the Company are organized to reflect classes of
similar products. The table below shows the percentage of net sales for these
groups for the past five years.

                                         (Percent of Net Sales)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fiscal Years                  1995      1994      1993      1992      1991
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consumer Coatings               34        31        29        29        30
Packaging Coatings              27        25        27        27        24
Industrial Coatings             25        23        22        23        24
Special Products                14        21        22        21        22
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
STOCK INFORMATION AND DIVIDENDS
Stock traded on the New York Stock Exchange

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              For the Fiscal Year                 1995                              1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                                 <C>   
Market price / high - low:    First quarter                $36.75  -  $30.50                   $41.38 -  $36.50
                              Second quarter                39.50  -   33.38                    45.75 -   39.25
                              Third quarter                 40.00  -   35.25                    38.13 -   33.75
                              Fourth quarter                41.88  -   38.25                    37.25 -   32.75
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Per share dividends:          First quarter                       $.15                               $.13
                              Second quarter                       .15                                .13
                              Third quarter                        .15                                .13
                              Fourth quarter                       .15                                .13
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  $.60                               $.52
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                   
</TABLE>



                                       6 & 7
<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW. On March 24, 1995, the Company acquired the outstanding shares of
stock of Sunbelt Coatings, Inc. The transaction was accounted for as a pooling
of interests with the consolidated financial statements for all periods
presented restated to include the results of Sunbelt. The impact of this
restatement was not material to the financial condition or results of operations
of the Company. See Note B to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company's operations for fiscal 1994 include the results for the Resin
Products Division, which was purchased from Cargill, Incorporated by the
Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, McWhorter, Inc., from the date of its
acquisition on February 18, 1994, to the time of the spin-off at the close of
business on April 29, 1994. At the time of the spin-off, all of the assets of
the Resin Products Division and certain assets and liabilities of McWhorter were
distributed to Valspar shareholders in the form of a stock dividend. See Note C
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

OPERATIONS 1995 VS. 1994. Net sales declined $5,100,000 from 1994. Excluding the
sales of McWhorter operations spun-off in 1994, net sales increased $57,945,000
or 7.9% to $790,175,000 in 1995 from fiscal 1994 pro-forma sales of
$732,230,000. The increase was driven by volume increases in the Consumer and
Packaging Groups, a favorable shift in mix in the Industrial Group, and pricing
actions taken in all groups to mitigate the impact of rising raw material costs.
The increase was partially offset by lower unit sales in certain business lines
within the Special Products Group.

The gross profit margin declined slightly to 29.0% in 1995 from 29.4% in 1994 on
a pro-forma basis. The decrease in this year's margin is largely attributable to
higher raw material costs, which were partially offset by reduced production
costs in existing facilities. Other items contributing to the margin decline are
a shift in product mix in the Industrial Group and costs related to the start up
of the new Louisville, Kentucky; Statesville, North Carolina; and Marengo,
Illinois facilities. With Marengo beginning production during the third quarter,
all three facilities are operating satisfacto rily. Although the Company
estimates that the rate of raw material price escalation will ease in fiscal
1996, margin pressure will continue. The Company intends to offset these higher
costs by continuing to improve its operating efficiency and to seek product
price increases.

On a historical basis, the gross profit margin increased to 29.0% in 1995 from
28.4% in 1994 as the spun-off McWhorter operations sold lower margin products.

Operating expenses (research, selling, and administrative) were 3.8% higher than
the comparable period of 1994 on a pro-forma basis. The Company incurred
increased expenses attributable to the upgrade and replacement of the Company's
information systems and higher selling expenses, including expenditures
associated with global expansion efforts. These increases were partially offset
by cost containment and reduction efforts throughout the Company in response to
the gross margin pressure during 1995. Headcount at the end of the year
decreased by 1.7% even though personnel were added in high growth potential
areas of the Company.

Other income, net of expense, for 1994 included a pre-tax charge of $2,474,000
for the write-down of a resin plant to appraised fair value that was transferred
from McWhorter to Valspar in connection with the spin-off. Other income in 1995
decreased $1,144,000 from 1994 on a pro-forma basis, as the prior year included
better financial performance from joint ventures and recovery of accounts
receivable and other assets written off in prior years.

Interest expense increased $1,498,000 or 55.1% over 1994 on a pro-forma basis.
Increased average debt levels resulting from the McWhorter spin-off, coupled
with higher interest rates and interest paid on an income tax assessment, were
the primary contributors to the increase in 1995.

On a pro-forma basis, net income increased 8.4% from $43,853,000 in 1994 to
$47,520,000 in 1995, representing the 21st consecutive year of increased
earnings. Historical net income for 1994 was $45,799,000. Higher sales,
manufacturing efficiencies and restrained operating expenses offset the impact
of reduced margin due to escalating raw material costs during 1995.



                                       8
<PAGE>


OPERATIONS 1994 VS. 1993. Net sales in fiscal 1994 were $795,275,000, an
increase of $94,378,000 or 13.5% over fiscal 1993. Excluding McWhorter,
pro-forma sales in 1994 were $732,230,000, up $74,545,000 or 11.3% from
pro-forma fiscal 1993 sales. The majority of the 1994 increase was attributable
to additional volume sold within the Consumer, Industrial, and Packaging
Coatings Groups.

The Company's gross profit margin was essentially flat - 28.5% in 1993 and 28.4%
in 1994. Excluding McWhorter in both years, the Company's pro-forma gross profit
margin increased from 28.6% in 1993 to 29.4% in 1994. The improvement in gross
profit margin for the Company's continuing businesses was primarily due to
increased sales of higher margin Consumer and Industrial Group products coupled
with reduced manufacturing costs. Raw material prices declined modestly from
1993, although prices increased during the last half of 1994.

Operating expenses (research, selling, and administrative) for 1994 increased
$16,686,000 or 12.8% from 1993. The increase in operating expenses was primarily
due to operating expenses associated with the acquired business, increased
direct selling expenses, a higher level of promotional and advertising programs
associated with our Consumer Group's new business efforts, and pilot program
expenses related to the selection of a new management information system.
Excluding McWhorter, pro-forma operating expenses were $140,991,000, an increase
of $16,055,000 or 12.9% from pro-forma 1993 expenses.

Interest expense increased by $859,000 or 52.2% from 1993. This increase was due
to additional borrowings after the repayment of intercompany debt owed to
McWhorter and to slightly higher interest rates in effect during 1994.

Other non-operating expenses for 1994 included the write-down to appraised fair
value of a resin plant mentioned earlier. In 1993, non-operating expense
included $1,712,000 of expense related to the pre-tax cumulative effect of
adopting Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Statement No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."

Excluding McWhorter, net income increased 24.3% from $35,290,000 in 1993 to
$43,853,000 in 1994. On a historical basis, net income improved by 14.1% from
$40,156,000 in 1993 to $45,799,000 in 1994. The additional volume sold, improved
gross profit margins within the Company's continuing businesses, and controlled
operating expenses, were the primary contributors to 1994's increase in net
income.

FINANCIAL CONDITION. The net cash provided by the Company's operations was
$82,153,000 for fiscal 1995 compared to $57,109,000 for fiscal 1994. The
increase is a result of the higher earnings, increased non-cash depreciation and
amortization expense and reduced working capital requirements. Inventory levels
in the Consumer, Industrial and Packaging Groups declined in fiscal 1995 as a
result of focused inventory management.

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased in 1995 due to increases in
various expense accruals and approximately $12,400,000 of issued checks which
had not cleared the Company's bank accounts at October 27, 1995.

Accounts receivable balances have increased, partially offsetting the impact of
the other changes in net operating assets. The increase is a result of the sales
growth coupled with an extension of longer payment terms to selected high-volume
customers.

Cash used for investing activities decreased from $111,571,000 in fiscal 1994 to
$40,032,000 in 1995 due to the acquisition of the Resin Products Division in
1994, partially offset by higher capital spending in 1995. The higher capital
spending was attributable to the upgrade and replacement of existing management
information systems and the completion of construction on three facilities to
meet increased production requirements for the resin, consumer and colorant
businesses. Aside from the construction projects, capital spending was evenly
distributed among the four business groups with no other single major
expenditure. The Company anticipates capital spending in fiscal 1996 to be close
to the spending level in 1995 as the Company continues to upgrade and replace
existing management information systems and invest in operations-related upgrade
projects.



                                       9
<PAGE>


Aside from investing activities, the Company used its cash from operations to
pay down $23,488,000 in debt; the ratio of total debt to capital decreased to
11.4% at the close of 1995 compared to 22.3% at 1994. Average debt outstanding
during 1995 was $52,400,000 at a weighted average interest rate of 5.27% versus
$46,700,000 at 4.65% last year, increasing the current year's interest expense
to $4,216,000 from $2,504,000 in the prior year. In the second quarter, the
Company entered into a new five-year $150,000,000 revolving credit agreement,
replacing a $45,000,000 facility. Also during the year, the Company obtained
$12,500,000 in Industrial Revenue Bond financing for its construction projects
in Statesville, North Carolina and Marengo, Illinois. At October 27, 1995, the
Company has unused lines of credit available from banks of $280,741,000 which
are expected to be adequate to cover current and projected needs for short-term
financing.

Fiscal 1995 Common Stock dividends of $13,121,000 represent a 16.6% increase
over 1994. The annual amount was increased to 60(cent) per share from 52(cent)
in 1994 with the payout at 28.6% of the prior year's earnings, which is
consistent with the Company's target payout rate of 25% to 35%. The Company's
debt agreements impose limitations on the amount of dividends that can be paid.
These limitations have not affected, nor are they expected to affect, the
ability of the Company to pay dividends in the future.

The Company has continuing authorization to purchase shares of its Common Stock
for treasury at management's discretion for general corporate purposes.
Purchases under this program were 105,000, 133,000 and 160,000 shares in 1995,
1994 and 1993, respectively. Additional treasury stock activity for 1995
included approximately 8,000 shares tendered in conjunction with the exercise of
stock options totaling 113,000 shares. 

The Company is involved in various claims relating to environmental and waste
disposal matters at a number of current and former plant sites. The Company
participates in remedial and other environmental compliance activities at
certain of these sites. At other sites, the Company has been named as a
potentially responsible party (PRP) under federal and state environmental laws
for the remediation of hazardous waste. The Company's management reviews each
individual site, taking into consideration the number of parties involved at the
site, joint and several liability of other PRPs, the level of contribution that
may be attributed to the Company relative to the other parties, the nature and
magnitude of the wastes involved, the method and extent of remediation, the
potential insurance coverage, the estimated legal and consulting expense with
respect to each site, and the time period over which any costs would likely be
incurred. Based on the above analysis, management estimates, to the extent
possible, the restoration or other clean-up costs and related claims for each
site. The estimates are based in part on discussions with other PRPs,
governmental agencies and engineering firms.

Based on the above considerations, the Company has established reserves for
potential environmental liabilities and plans to continue to accrue reserves in
appropriate amounts. The reserves are continuously reviewed and adjusted as
additional information becomes available and management is able to better
estimate the ultimate clean-up costs at individual sites. While uncertainties
exist with respect to the amounts and timing of the Company's ultimate
environmental liabilities, management believes that such liabilities,
individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on
the Company's financial condition or results of operations.



                                       10
<PAGE>
          
                                                                      
                                                                      
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  October 27,          October 28,
                                                                                     1995                 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                      <C>         <C>     
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS                Cash and cash equivalents                                  $  4,875    $  2,580
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Accounts and notes receivable, less
                                 allowances for doubtful accounts
                                 (1995 - $911; 1994 - $890)                               129,954     112,892
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Inventories                                                  76,893      84,076
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Prepaid expenses and other accounts                          25,186      24,603
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Total Current Assets                                        236,908     224,151

OTHER ASSETS                                                                               30,887      35,501
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROPERTY, PLANT AND
   EQUIPMENT                  Land                                                          8,607       8,560
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Buildings                                                    76,047      64,025
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Machinery and equipment                                     162,886     137,372
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                          247,540     209,957
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Less accumulated depreciation                               117,136     102,001
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Net Property, Plant and Equipment                           130,404     107,956
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         $398,199    $367,608
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIABILITIES AND
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES           Notes payable to banks                                     $  5,288      15,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Trade accounts payable                                       68,575      51,850
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Income taxes                                                  9,098       8,449
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Accrued liabilities                                          62,719      60,641
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Current portion of long-term debt                               233         324
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Total Current Liabilities                                   145,913     136,264
LONG-TERM DEBT, LESS
   CURRENT PORTION                                                                         21,658      35,343
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                                       5,113       4,724
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DEFERRED LIABILITIES                                                                       13,400      14,565
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY          Common Stock (par value $.50 per share;
                                 shares authorized 30,000,000; shares issued,
                                 including shares in
                                 treasury, 26,660,656 shares)                              13,330      13,330
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Additional paid-in capital                                   10,348       6,588
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Retained earnings                                           235,361     200,913
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Other                                                        (3,436)     (2,616)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                          255,603     218,215
                              Less cost of Common Stock in treasury
                                 (1995 - 4,672,046 shares;
                                 1994 - 4,739,015 shares)                                  43,488      41,503
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Total Stockholders' Equity                                  212,115     176,712
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         $398,199    $367,608
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                       11
<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 October 27,      October 28,  October 29,
For the Year Ended                                  1995             1994          1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>             <C>            <C>         
NET SALES                                       $    790,175    $    795,275   $    700,897
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COST AND EXPENSES
   Cost of sales                                     561,170         569,063        501,135
   Research and development                           27,746          27,430         24,955
   Selling and administrative                        118,598         119,253        105,042
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS                                82,661          79,529         69,765
   Other (income) expense, net                          (763)            631          2,036
   Interest                                            4,216           2,504          1,645
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                            79,208          76,394         66,084
   Income taxes                                       31,688          30,595         25,928
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET INCOME                                      $     47,520    $     45,799         40,156
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE                     $       2.15    $       2.07   $       1.82
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING     22,091,411      22,162,848     22,030,853
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              Additional
                                      Common Stock              Paid-In     Retained                      Treasury
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Shares        Amount          Capital     Earnings         Other          Stock
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>    
BALANCE OCTOBER 30, 1992                 26,660,656    $13,330   $   547    $192,333        $(1,352)       $33,171
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock options
   exercised for 65,671 shares                                       639                                      (501)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Purchase of 173,436 shares of
   Common Stock for treasury                                                                                 5,707
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income for the year                                                       40,156
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends on Common
   Stock - $.44 per share                                                     (9,471)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other                                                                734                        243            (20)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE OCTOBER 29, 1993                 26,660,656    13,330      1,920     223,018         (1,109)        38,357
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock options
   exercised for 187,309 shares                                    1,667                                    (1,533)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Purchase of 150,694 shares of
   Common Stock for treasury                                                                                 4,997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income for the year                                                       45,799
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends on Common
   Stock - $.52 per share                                                    (11,252)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
McWhorter spin-off                                                           (55,822)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other                                                              3,001        (830)        (1,507)          (318)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE OCTOBER 28, 1994                 26,660,656    13,330      6,588     200,913         (2,616)        41,503
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock options
   exercised for 178,048 shares                                      637                                      (884)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Purchase of 113,004 shares of
   Common Stock for treasury                                                                                 3,607
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income for the year                                                       47,520
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash dividends on Common
   Stock - $.60 per share                                                    (13,121)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other                                                              3,123          49           (820)          (738)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE OCTOBER 27, 1995                 26,660,656    $13,330   $10,348    $235,361        $(3,436)       $43,488
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                       12
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (Dollars in Thousands)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                October 27,   October 28,   October 29,
                              For the Year Ended                                   1995          1994          1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>          <C>   
OPERATING ACTIVITIES          Net income                                          $47,520        $45,799      $40,156
                              Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
                                 provided by operating activities:
                                    Depreciation and amortization                  20,318         19,134       20,648
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Provisions for:
                                       Deferred income taxes                         (220)        (1,552)      (1,786)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Other deferred liabilities                     255          1,122        3,384
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Loss on sales or abandonment
                                       of property, plant and equipment               396          2,357          591
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    (Decrease) increase in cash due to changes
                                       in net operating assets, net of effects
                                       of acquired businesses:
                                         Accounts and notes receivable            (17,062)        (6,444)     (13,636)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Inventories and prepaid assets             6,600        (16,575)       1,817
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Trade accounts payable and
                                            accrued liabilities                    22,052         13,936          816
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Income taxes payable                       1,814         (1,323)       4,724
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Other                                             480            655          819   
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities            82,153         57,109       57,533
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INVESTING ACTIVITIES          Purchases of property, plant
                                 and equipment                                    (38,982)       (31,817)     (17,213)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Acquired businesses/assets, net of cash                   -        (75,385)      (1,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Investments in/advances to joint ventures            (1,050)        (3,300)      (3,484)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Other                                                     -         (1,069)        (276) 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Net Cash Used in Investing Activities               (40,032)       (111,571)    (21,973)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FINANCING ACTIVITIES          Net (payments on) proceeds
                                 from borrowings                                  (23,488)         38,415     (21,511)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              McWhorter debt spun off                                   -          30,086           -
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Proceeds from sale of treasury stock                  1,521           4,686       1,140
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Purchase of shares of Common Stock
                                 for treasury                                      (3,607)         (5,022)     (5,759)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Dividends paid                                      (13,121)        (11,252)     (9,471)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Other                                                (1,131)         (1,643)        (13)   
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Net Cash (Used in) Provided by
                                 Financing Activities                             (39,826)         55,270     (35,614)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Increase (Decrease) in Cash and
                                 Cash Equivalents                                   2,295             808         (54)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                             2,580           1,772       1,826
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
   AT END OF YEAR                                                                 $ 4,875        $ 2,580       $1,772
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>
           

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                       13
<PAGE>



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1995, 1994 AND 1993 

NOTE A - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS: The Company operates in one business segment, the
manufacture and distribution of paint and coatings through its Consumer
Coatings, Packaging Coatings, Industrial Coatings and Special Products Groups.

FISCAL YEAR: The Company has adopted a 4-4-5 accounting cycle with the fiscal
year ending on the Friday immediately preceding October 31.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the parent company and its subsidiaries, all of which are
wholly-owned. All material intercompany accounts, transactions and profits have
been eliminated. Investments in joint ventures in which the Company has a 20% to
50% interest are accounted for using the equity method.

CASH EQUIVALENTS: The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased
with a maturity of less than three months to be cash equivalents.

INVENTORIES: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Costs in the
Company's domestic coatings inventories are recorded on the last-in, first-out
(LIFO) method. The remaining inventories are recorded using the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant and equipment are recorded at
cost. Provision for depreciation of property is made by charges to operations at
rates calculated to amortize the cost of the property over its useful life
(twenty years for buildings; three to ten years for machinery and equipment)
primarily using accelerated methods for assets acquired prior to fiscal year
1994. All assets acquired in fiscal years 1994 and 1995 are depreciated using
the straight-line method. The result of this change on the financial statements
was not material.

INCOME TAXES: The Company provides for income taxes in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes." The cumulative effect of adopting SFAS No. 109 as of October 31, 1992
was to increase 1993 net income by $1,075,000 or $.05 per share. Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences
between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are
measured using the tax rates and laws enacted that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse.

STOCK OPTIONS: At the time options are exercised, shares are issued from
treasury stock. The differences between the option price and the cost of the
treasury stock is charged or credited to additional paid-in capital. There have
been no charges or credits to income in connection with stock options because
all options were granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of
the stock on the date of grant.

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PROGRAMS: Under the Company's Profit Sharing Plan, the Company
makes a contribution based on return on assets as defined in the Plan up to a
maximum of 10% of the aggregate compensation of eligible participants.

Under the Company's Employee Stock Ownership Trusts, substantially all of the
Company's domestic employees are eligible to participate in the Trusts and may
contribute 1% to 6% of their compensation to the Trusts. The Company contributes
an amount equal to one-half of the employee contributions.

The Company also sponsors a number of defined benefit pension plans for certain
hourly employees. Pension costs are actuarially determined and include normal
costs and amortization of prior service costs over a period of ten years. The
Company funds the domestic pension plans in amounts that meet the minimum
funding requirements prescribed by ERISA.

The Company accounts for the cost of its postretirement medical benefits in
accordance with SFAS No. 106 "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions." The cumulative effect of adopting SFAS 106 effective
October 31, 1992 was to decrease 1993 net income by $1,024,000 (net of related
income taxes of $680,000) or $.05 per share.

The Company has a Deferred Bonus Plan for certain senior managers. Under the
Plan, participants are awarded a deferred bonus of up to 15% of salary depending
upon certain financial performance criteria.



                                       14
<PAGE>



In 1993 the Company established a Key Employee Bonus Plan for certain employees.
Under the Plan, participants can elect to convert all or any portion of the cash
bonus awarded under the Incentive Bonus Plan into a grant of restricted stock
receivable three years from the date of grant.

In 1991 the Company established a Leveraged Equity Purchase Plan designed to
provide key employees with loans, up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000, to
acquire and retain Common Stock of the Company.

The Company adopted SFAS No. 112 "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits" effective as of October 31, 1994. The adoption of the Statement did
not have a material impact on the financial statements.

NET INCOME PER SHARE: Net income per share is based on the weighted average
number of Common Shares outstanding during each year plus common stock
equivalents on dilutive stock options.

RECLASSIFICATIONS: Certain reclassifications have been reflected in the 1994 and
1993 financial statements to conform to the 1995 presentation.

NOTE B - ACQUISITION

On March 24, 1995 the Company acquired all of the Common Stock of Sunbelt
Coatings, Inc., in exchange for 339,455 shares of the Company's Common Stock.
Sunbelt is an automotive refinish coatings manufacturer. The transaction has
been accounted for as a pooling of interests, and, accordingly, the consolidated
financial statements for all periods presented have been restated to include
Sunbelt. The effect of this acquisition on the Company's financial statements
was not significant.

NOTE C - SPIN-OFF

On February 18, 1994 Valspar's wholly-owned subsidiary, McWhorter, Inc.,
purchased substantially all of the assets, consisting primarily of inventory and
fixed assets, but excluding accounts receivable, of the Resin Products Division
of Cargill, Incorporated for approximately $75 million. McWhorter's financing
for the Resin Product Division acquisition was derived from two sources: $44
million in cash received upon collection of an intercompany balance due from
Valspar and $31 million in bank financing. Valspar utilized existing credit
facilities to finance payment of the intercompany balance owed to McWhorter.
Immediately after the acquisition, McWhorter, Inc., was merged into McWhorter
Technologies, Inc. ("McWhorter"), with the surviving corporation remaining a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

At the close of business on April 29, 1994, all of the assets of the Resin
Products Division and the assets and liabilities of McWhorter's operations
located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Carpentersville, Illinois; and Portland,
Oregon were distributed to the Valspar shareholders in the form of a stock
dividend of one share of McWhorter Common Stock for every two shares of Valspar
Common Stock. Prior to the distribution, McWhorter transferred to Valspar resin
assets located at facilities in Los Angeles, California; Rockford and Kankakee,
Illinois; and Garland, Texas.

The significant assets and liabilities of McWhorter at the date of spin-off were
as follows:

ASSETS:        Accounts receivable                    $40,386
               Inventory                               21,435
               Other assets                             3,734
               Property, plant,
                  and equipment (net)                  69,523

LIABILITIES:   Notes to bank                          (12,700)
               Accounts payable                       (22,382)
               Accrued liabilities                    (11,250)
               Long-term debt                         (30,086)
               Other liabilities                       (2,838)
                                                      ------- 
               NET ASSETS                             $55,822
                                                      -------



                                       15
<PAGE>



The following supplemental unaudited consolidated pro-forma information shows
condensed results of operations as though the McWhorter spin-off had occurred at
the beginning of fiscal 1993. The pro-forma data is provided for information
purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of the future results or
financial position of Valspar (or what the results of operations or financial
position would have been had the McWhorter spin-off occurred as described
above).

Pro-Forma Condensed Statements
of Income (Unaudited)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In Thousands except per share amounts)
Year Ended                       October 28, 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Historical    Adjustments(a) Pro-Forma
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales              $795,275     $ (63,045)     $732,230
Cost of sales           569,063       (51,853)      517,210
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit            226,212       (11,192)      215,020
Research and
   development           27,430        (1,261)       26,169
Selling and
   administrative       119,253        (4,431)      114,822
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from
   operations            79,529        (5,500)       74,029
Other expense
   (income), net            631        (2,538)       (1,907)
Interest expense          2,504           214         2,718
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before
   income taxes          76,394        (3,176)       73,218
Income taxes             30,595        (1,230)       29,365
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income             $ 45,799     $  (1,946)     $ 43,853
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per share     $   2.07                    $   1.98
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets           $367,608                    $367,608
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Year Ended                       October 29, 1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      Historical   Adjustments(a)  Pro-Forma
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales              $700,897     $ (43,212)     $657,685
Cost of sales           501,135       (31,598)      469,537
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit            199,762       (11,614)      188,148
Research and
   development           24,955          (858)       24,097
Selling and
   administrative       105,042        (4,203)      100,839
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from
   operations            69,765        (6,553)       63,212
Other expense             2,036           (72)        1,964
Interest expense          1,645         1,010         2,655
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before
   income taxes          66,084        (7,491)       58,593
Income taxes             25,928        (2,625)       23,303
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income             $ 40,156     $  (4,866)     $ 35,290
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per share     $   1.82                    $   1.60
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total assets           $340,479     $ (59,993)     $280,486
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) To eliminate the revenue and expenses of McWhorter for the respective
periods presented, as if the spin-off had occurred on October 31, 1992.

NOTE D - INVENTORIES

The major classes of inventories consist of the following:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     October 27,   October 28,
(Dollars in Thousands)                   1995          1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manufactured products                  $46,284       $51,614
Raw materials, supplies and
   work-in-process                      30,609        32,462
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $76,893       $84,076
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Inventories stated at cost determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method
aggregate $73,957,000 at October 27, 1995 and $78,593,000 at October 28, 1994,
approximately $30,046,000 and $23,953,000 lower, respectively, than such costs
determined under the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.



                                       16
<PAGE>



NOTE E - TRADE ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Trade accounts payable at October 27, 1995 include $12,400,000 of issued checks
which had not cleared the Company's bank accounts.

Accrued liabilities include the following:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     October 27,    October 28,
(Dollars in Thousands)                  1995           1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Employee compensation                  $26,305       $27,739
Contribution to employees'
   retirement trusts                     4,995         4,790
Customer volume rebates                  8,431         5,248
Other                                   22,988        22,864
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $62,719       $60,641
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE F - LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT ARRANGEMENTS

Long-term debt consists of the following:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     October 27,    October 28,
(Dollars in Thousands)                  1995           1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term notes to banks
   (7.27% at
   October 27, 1995)                   $ 6,575       $32,528
Industrial development
   bonds (4.10% at
   October 27, 1995)                    12,500             -
Obligations under capital
   lease (7.48% at
   October 27, 1995)                     2,806         3,018
Other                                       10           121
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        21,891        35,667
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less current maturities                   (233)         (324)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       $21,658       $35,343
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company has $150,000,000 available under a revolving credit loan agreement
with banks at optional interest rates of prime, or LIBOR-based or CD-based
rates. The revolving credit loan facility matures in 2000. The revolving credit
loan agreement contains covenants which require the Company to maintain certain
financial ratios. The Company is in compliance with these covenants as of
October 27, 1995.

Maturities of long-term debt are as follows: 1996 - $233,000; 1997 - $246,000;
1998 - $264,000; 1999 - $285,000 and $20,630,000 thereafter.

Under other short-term bank lines of credit, the Company may borrow up to
$136,030,000 on such terms as the Company and the banks may mutually agree.
These arrangements are reviewed periodically for renewal and modification.
Borrowings under these short-term notes had an average annual rate of 5.19% in
fiscal 1995 and 4.53% in fiscal 1994.

Borrowings under the Canadian short-term bank lines in the amount of $6,575,000
at October 27, 1995 have been classified as long-term debt reflecting the
Company's ability to refinance these amounts during the subsequent fiscal year.
The Company had unused lines of credit under the short-term bank lines and
revolving credit facility of $280,741,000 at October 27, 1995.

The Company obtained $12,500,000 in Industrial Revenue Bond (IRB) financing for
its plant construction projects in Statesville, North Carolina and Marengo,
Illinois. These bonds have variable rates of interest and mature in 2015.

Interest paid during 1995, 1994 and 1993 was $3,783,000, $2,473,000 and
$1,647,000, respectively.



                                       17
<PAGE>



NOTE G - COMMON STOCK OPTIONS

Under the 1991 Stock Option Plan, options for the purchase of 1,000,000 shares
of Common Stock may be granted to officers and key employees. Under the prior
stock option plans (1982 Incentive Stock Option Plan and 1989 Non-Qualified
Stock Option Plan), options were also granted to officers and key employees.
Options issued under the 1982 and 1989 plans are fully exercised. The Company
has elected to grant all future options under the 1991 Stock Option Plan.
Options are exercisable in full or in part at the date of grant. Activity for
the two years ended October 27, 1995 is summarized as follows:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          Shares      Options        Option Price
                         Reserved   Outstanding       Per Share
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance
   October 30, 1993       734,212     423,423       $ 9.48 - $28.64
   Granted               (148,800)    148,800        29.63 -  34.38
   Exercised                         (187,309)        9.48 -  29.63
   Canceled                32,440     (32,440)        9.48 -  29.63
   Adjustment for
      McWhorter
      spin-off            (75,851)     75,851
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance
   October 28, 1994       542,001     428,325        11.60 -  29.63
   Granted               (176,295)    176,295        34.50 -  36.63
   Exercised                          (95,012)       11.60 -  34.50
   Canceled                12,589     (12,589)       15.11 -  34.50
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance
   October 27, 1995       378,295     497,019       $11.60 - $36.63
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The balance of 497,019 options outstanding at October 27, 1995 includes 473,907
non-qualified options.

The impact of the McWhorter spin-off on April 29, 1994 on both the option price
and number of shares is reflected above.


NOTE H - INCOME TAXES

Significant components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          October 27,  October 28,   October 29,
Year Ended                    1995         1994          1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current
   Federal                  $26,009       $25,905       $24,431
   State                      5,681         5,761         4,393
   Foreign                      218           481           653
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total current             31,908        32,147        29,477
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred
   Federal                      (93)       (1,296)       (1,301)
   State                         (9)         (209)         (427)
   Foreign                     (118)          (47)          (58)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total deferred              (220)       (1,552)       (1,786)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cumulative tax effect
   of changes in accounting
   Methods for:
      Income taxes                                       (1,075)
      Postretirement benefits                              (688)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total cumulative effect                               (1,763)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income taxes          $31,688       $30,595       $25,928
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are
as follows:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    October 27,   October 28,
(Dollars in Thousands)                 1995          1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
   Product liability accruals        $ 2,205      $ 2,097
   Insurance reserves                  2,350        2,216
   Deferred compensation               2,266        1,721
   Workers' compensation
      reserves                         3,383        3,171
   Employee compensation
      reserve                          2,061        2,075
   Other                               8,025        6,184
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total deferred tax assets       20,290       17,464
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax liabilities:
   Tax over book
      depreciation                   (10,197)      (8,387)
   Other                              (3,726)      (2,930)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total deferred
      tax liabilities                (13,923)     (11,317)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax assets              $ 6,367      $ 6,147
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                                       18
<PAGE>



The reconciliation of income tax computed at the United States Federal statutory
tax rates to income tax expense is as follows:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              1995       1994       1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tax at United States
   statutory rates            35.0%      35.0%      34.8%
State income taxes,
   net of Federal benefit      4.7%       4.7%       3.8%
Other                          0.3%       0.2%       1.8%
FAS 109
   implementation                                   (1.6)%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              40.0%      39.9%      38.8%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income taxes paid during 1995, 1994 and 1993 were $29,989,000, $33,530,000 and
$24,692,000, respectively.

NOTE I - RETIREMENT BENEFIT PROGRAMS

The Company's primary retirement benefit programs are its defined contribution
plans. Contributions to the Profit Sharing Plan totaled $7,552,000, $7,045,000,
and $6,911,000, for 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively. The Company's
contributions to the Employee Stock Ownership Plans were $2,145,000, $1,950,000,
and $2,055,000, for 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively.

The Company also sponsors a number of defined benefit pension plans for certain
hourly employees. The related pension costs are not significant. On January 1,
1995 the Company merged 11 of its pension plans into one previously existing
plan. The funded status of all pension plans using a 7.0% discount rate in 1995
and a 7.5% discount rate in 1994 is as follows:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    Overfunded    Underfunded
(Dollars in Thousands)                  Plan          Plan
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OCTOBER 27, 1995
   Plan assets at fair value          $16,903       $4,211
   Accumulated benefit
      obligation                       14,804        4,247
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Plan assets in excess of
      (less than) accumulated
      benefit obligation                2,099          (36)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OCTOBER 28, 1994
   Plan assets at fair value           $5,721      $10,473
   Accumulated benefit
      obligation                        3,691       12,565
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Plan assets in excess of
      (less than) accumulated
      benefit obligation               $2,030      $(2,092)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE J - OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

In addition to the Company's defined benefit pension plans, the Company sponsors
a health care plan that provides postretirement medical benefits for some of its
employees.

The Company's accrued postretirement benefit liability of $1,629,000 is equal to
its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at October 27, 1995. Net
periodic postretirement expense for the year ended October 27, 1995 and October
28, 1994 was $142,000 and $187,000, respectively.

The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation at October 27, 1995 was 7.5%.

NOTE K - QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

The following is a tabulation of the unaudited quarterly results for the years
ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994:

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Dollars in Thousands)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Net
                                Gross       Net     Income
                 Net Sales     Margin    Income  Per Share
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1995 Quarter Ended:
   January 27    $163,220    $ 43,089   $ 5,379      $ .24
   April 28       205,041      58,437    12,168        .55
   July 28        216,310      64,226    15,473        .70
   October 27     205,604      63,253    14,500        .66
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 $790,175    $229,005   $47,520      $2.15
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1994 Quarter Ended:
   January 28    $149,802    $ 40,316   $ 4,433      $ .20
   April 29       248,081      66,046    14,399        .65
   July 29        203,302      60,371    14,674        .66
   October 28     194,090      59,479    12,293        .56
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 $795,275    $226,212   $45,799      $2.07
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                                       19
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>


                                                                  Exhibit No. 21




SUBSIDIARIES OF THE VALSPAR CORPORATION


The following are wholly-owned subsidiaries of The Valspar Corporation and do
business under its corporate name:

                                                State of Incorporation
                                                ----------------------

   Engineered Polymer Solutions, Inc.                    Delaware

   Valspar Inc.                                           Canada


Subsidiaries not listed would not, if considered in the aggregate as a single
subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.A
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>


                                                               Exhibit No. 23(a)



                         Consent of Independent Auditors



We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of The Valspar Corporation of our report dated November 13, 1995, included in
the 1995 Annual Report to Stockholders of The Valspar Corporation.

Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of The Valspar
Corporation listed in Item 14(a). This schedule is the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our
audits. In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement
Forms S-8 No. 2-79961, No. 2-79962, No. 33-51224 and No. 33-51226 pertaining to
The Valspar Stock Ownership Trusts; Form S-8 No. 33-39258 pertaining to The
Valspar Corporation 1991 Stock Option Plan; Form S-8 No. 33-51222 pertaining to
The Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement Plan; Form S-8 No. 33-53824 pertaining to
The Valspar Corporation Key Employee Annual Bonus Plan; Form S-8 No. 33-56062
pertaining to The Valspar Corporation Restricted Stock Plan for Non-Employee
Directors; and Form S-8 No. 33-72238 pertaining to the Valspar Corporation 1982
Incentive Stock Option Plan and 1989 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan of The
Valspar Corporation of our report dated November 13, 1995, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference, and our
report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the financial
statement schedule included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of The Valspar
Corporation.


ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Minneapolis, Minnesota
January 25, 1996

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.B
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>


                                                               Exhibit No. 23(b)

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements No.
33-51224, No. 33-51226, and No. 33-51222 of The Valspar Corporation on Form S-8
of our reports dated January 8, 1996 with respect to the financial statements of
The Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Salaried Employees, The Valspar Stock
Ownership Trust for Hourly Employees, and The Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement
Plan for the year ended October 27, 1995 appearing in the Annual Report on Form
10-K of The Valspar Corporation.


/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

January 22, 1996
Minneapolis, Minnesota

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.A
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>


                                                                     Exhibit 99A
VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST
FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
AND INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                    PAGE

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                          1

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
   Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits                    2
   Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits         3
   Notes to Financial Statements                                      4

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE -
   Item 27a - Schedule of Assets Held for Investment Purposes         8


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Valspar Stock Ownership Trust
   Administrative Committee

We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits
of the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Salaried Employees (the Plan) as of
October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and the related statements of changes in
net assets available for benefits for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Plan's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of the Plan at
October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and the changes in its net assets
available for benefits for the years then ended, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The supplemental schedule listed in the
Table of Contents is presented for the purpose of additional analysis and is not
a required part of the basic financial statements but is supplementary
information required by the Department of Labor's Rules and Regulations for
Reporting and Disclosure under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974. The supplementary schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures
applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, is
fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

January 8, 1996


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               1995          1994
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>        
ASSETS:
   Investments (Note 3):
     Interest in Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust   $79,331,462   $80,511,333
     Other                                                  214,818       281,892
   Receivables:
     Employees' contributions                               217,334       217,423
     Employer's contributions                               105,231       100,230
                                                        -----------   -----------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS                       $79,868,845   $81,110,878
                                                        ===========   ===========
</TABLE>


See notes to financial statements.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                          1995            1994

<S>                                                  <C>             <C>         
ADDITIONS TO NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO:
   Employee contributions                            $  3,232,086    $  3,061,731
   Employer contributions                               1,579,742       1,499,185
   Interest in earnings of Valspar Stock Ownership
     Master Trust                                       2,184,133      11,921,158
   Other                                                   14,964          (3,990)
                                                     ------------    ------------
                                                        7,010,925      16,478,084

DEDUCTIONS FROM NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO:
   Dividend payments to participants                    1,048,596         923,510
   Benefit payments:
     The Valspar Corporation:
       In cash                                            176,632         142,353
       In stock                                         5,801,165       6,490,677
     McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated:
       In cash                                              8,940           8,980
       In stock                                         1,180,387         698,117
     Other                                                 37,238          20,230
                                                     ------------    ------------
                                                        8,252,958       8,283,867
                                                     ------------    ------------

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE                                (1,242,033)      8,194,217

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
   BEGINNING OF YEAR                                   81,110,878      72,916,661
                                                     ------------    ------------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
   END OF YEAR                                       $ 79,868,845    $ 81,110,878
                                                     ============    ============

</TABLE>

See notes to financial statements.



VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         The accounting records of the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for
         Salaried Employees (the Plan) are maintained on the accrual basis.

         Investments in common stock of The Valspar Corporation (the Company)
         and McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated (McWhorter) are stated at fair
         value (the last reported sales price on the last business day of the
         year).

         Other investments are stated at current fair value as determined by the
         trustee, Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A., who holds the various
         investments. The trustee values securities which are traded on a
         national securities exchange at the last reported sales price on the
         last business day of the year; investments traded in the
         over-the-counter market and listed securities for which no sale was
         reported on that date are valued at the average of the last reported
         bid and ask prices.

         Benefits paid to participants in shares of the Company or in shares of
         McWhorter are valued at fair value.

         Approved benefits payable representing the unpaid vested interest of
         participants who have withdrawn from the Plan were $25,388 and $20,991
         at October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, respectively.

2.       DESCRIPTION OF THE PLAN

         The Plan is a defined contribution plan that is available to all
         salaried employees who meet certain age and length of service
         requirements. It provides for retirement and termination benefits.

         Employees electing to participate in the Plan make voluntary
         contributions on a pretax or after-tax basis up to a maximum of 6% of
         eligible wages. The Company has voluntarily agreed to contribute an
         amount equal to one-half of employee's contribution. Employee
         contributions vest immediately, and Company contributions vest after
         five years of service. The Company has the right under the Plan to
         terminate the Plan and discontinue such contributions at any
         anniversary date. In the event of termination of the Plan, the net
         assets of the Plan are to be set aside for the exclusive benefit of the
         participants or their beneficiaries.

         According to the Plan, contributions are to be primarily invested in
         common stock of the Company. Cash dividends earned on plan shares are
         paid out to the Plan participants. The common stock of McWhorter is not
         a current investment option of the Plan (see Note 6). Participants
         meeting certain age and length of participation requirements may
         diversify a portion of their interest into investments other than
         common stock of the Company.

         Forfeitures resulting from the termination of Plan participants with
         less than 100% vesting reduce the Company's contribution in the year of
         forfeiture. Total forfeitures were $53,057 and $28,138 in 1995 and
         1994, respectively.

3.       INVESTMENTS

         Investments of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust are accounted
         for on a share value basis as determined by Norwest Bank Minnesota,
         N.A., trustee.

         The fair value of investments of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master
         Trust in which the Plan invests are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           October 27,        October 28,
                                                              1995               1994

<S>                                                      <C>                 <C>            
         Common stock of the Valspar Corporation         $    83,844,618     $    78,930,684
         Common stock of McWhorter Technologies,
           Incorporated (Note 6)                              12,622,035          18,624,874
         Collective Trust Fund                                    54,450             324,688
                                                         ---------------     ---------------
                                                         $    96,521,103     $    97,880,246
                                                         ===============     ===============


         The investment income of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust for
         the years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 are as follows:

                                                               1995                 1994

         Valspar Stock:
           Interest                                      $        14,292     $        10,803
           Dividends                                           1,280,451           1,122,192
           Unrealized asset appreciation                       4,938,519          16,124,133
                                                         ---------------     ---------------
                                                         $     6,233,262     $    17,257,128
                                                         ===============     ===============

         McWhorter Stock:
           Interest                                                          $           266
           Gain on sale of assets                        $       575,432             374,659
           Unrealized asset (depreciation) appreciation       (4,187,426)          1,344,684
                                                         ---------------     ---------------
                                                         $    (3,611,994)    $     1,719,609
                                                         ===============     ===============

</TABLE>

         The Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust holds assets for the Plan and
         the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Hourly Employees. The Plan's
         ownership interest in the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust were
         82.2% on October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994.

         Other investments of the Plan include investments in the Equity Fund
         Master Trust, the Bond Fund Master Trust, the Principal Protection Fund
         Master Trust, and a Norwest Short-term investment fund (collective
         trust fund). These alternative investments are available for
         diversification purposes to Plan participants who have attained age 55
         and have ten years of participation in the Plan.


4.       TRANSACTIONS WITH PARTIES-IN-INTEREST

         Fees incurred for trustee, recordkeeping, and other services rendered
         by parties-in-interest are paid by the Company.

         During the years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, the
         Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust purchased 200,952 and 163,267
         shares of common stock of the Company at a cost of $7,410,495 and
         $6,170,396, respectively. Dividends on common stock of the Company
         received by the Master Trust totaled $1,280,451 and $1,122,192 in the
         years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, respectively.

5.       INCOME TAX STATUS

         The Plan obtained its latest determination letter on May 26, 1992 in
         which the Internal Revenue Service stated that the Plan, as then
         designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the
         Internal Revenue Code. The Plan has been amended to comply with new
         legislation enacted since receiving the determination letter. However,
         the Plan administrator and the Plan's tax counsel believe that the Plan
         is currently designed and being operated in compliance with the
         applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, no
         provision for income taxes has been included in the Plan's financial
         statements.

6.       MCWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. TRANSACTION

         On April 29, 1994, Valspar stockholders of record as of April 15, 1994
         (including Plan Participants with a portion of their account balance
         invested in Valspar stock as of that date) received a stock dividend of
         one share of McWhorter common stock for every two shares of Valspar
         common stock held.

         The common stock of McWhorter is not a current investment option of the
         Plan and Plan participants may not increase the allocation of their
         account balance to McWhorter stock. Participants may make a one-time
         election to liquidate all of their shares of common stock of McWhorter.
         Proceeds from liquidation will be reinvested in Valspar common stock.





SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR SALARIED EMPLOYEES

ITEM 27A - SCHEDULE OF ASSETS HELD FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES
OCTOBER 27, 1995
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                  DESCRIPTION OF INVESTMENT
                                                  INCLUDING MATURITY DATE,
    IDENTITY OF ISSUE, BORROWER,                      RATE OF INTEREST,                                      CURRENT
      LESSOR, OR SIMILAR PARTY                     PAR, OR MATURITY VALUE                  COST               VALUE

<S>                                                        <C>                      <C>                 <C>            
Interest in Master Trust Funds:
   Equity Fund Master Trust                                2,569 units              $        25,693     $        33,091
   Bond Fund Master Trust                                  1,433 units                       17,632              16,018
   Principal Protection Fund
     Master Trust                                          6,038 units                       78,782              83,455
   Valspar Stock Ownership
     Master Trust                                      2,462,253 units                   28,705,964          79,331,462
Interest in common stock:
   The Valspar Corporation                                1,851 shares                       26,122              72,189
   McWhorter Technologies,
     Incorporated                                           671 shares                        3,614              10,065
                                                                                    ---------------     ---------------
                                                                                    $    28,857,807     $    79,546,280
                                                                                    ===============     ===============

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.B
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>


                                                                     Exhibit 99B

VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST
FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
AND INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT




THE VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                        PAGE

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                             1

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
   Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits                       2
   Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits            3
   Notes to Financial Statements                                         4

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE -
   Item 27a - Schedule of Assets Held for Investment Purposes            8



INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Valspar Stock Ownership Trust
   Administrative Committee

We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits
of the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Hourly Employees (the Plan) as of
October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and the related statements of changes in
net assets available for benefits for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Plan's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of the Plan at
October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and the changes in its net assets
available for benefits for the years then ended, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The supplemental schedule listed in the
Table of Contents is presented for the purpose of additional analysis and is not
a required part of the basic financial statements but is supplementary
information required by the Department of Labor's Rules and Regulations for
Reporting and Disclosure under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974. The supplementary schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures
applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, is
fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole.


DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

January 8, 1996



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                              1995          1994

<S>                                                       <C>           <C>        
ASSETS:
    Investments (Note 3):
       Interest in Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust   $17,189,641   $17,368,913
       Other                                                  116,879       243,379
    Receivables:
       Employees' contributions                               117,666       104,730
       Employer's contributions                                51,921        47,379
                                                          -----------   -----------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS                         $17,476,107   $17,764,401
                                                          ===========   ===========

</TABLE>

See notes to financial statements.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                           1995             1994

<S>                                                   <C>             <C>         
ADDITIONS TO NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO:
    Employee contributions                            $  1,227,200    $  1,152,012
    Employer contributions                                 563,951         527,084
    Interest in earnings of Valspar Stock Ownership
       Master Trust                                        437,136       2,039,237
    Other                                                   20,338         304,182
                                                      ------------    ------------
                                                         2,248,625       4,022,515

DEDUCTIONS FROM NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO:
    Dividend payments to participants                      229,007         195,748
    Benefit payments:
       The Valspar Corporation:
          In cash                                          106,212         132,686
          In stock                                       1,836,884         725,705
       McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated:
          In cash                                            3,122           3,313
          In stock                                         349,779         148,807
       Other                                                11,915
                                                      ------------    ------------
                                                         2,536,919       1,206,259
                                                      ------------    ------------

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE                                   (288,294)      2,816,256

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
    BEGINNING OF YEAR                                   17,764,401      14,948,145
                                                      ------------    ------------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
    END OF YEAR                                       $ 17,476,107    $ 17,764,401
                                                      ============    ============

</TABLE>

See notes to financial statements.



VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         The accounting records of the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Hourly
         Employees (the Plan) are maintained on the accrual basis.

         Investments in common stock of the Valspar Corporation (the Company)
         and McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated (McWhorter) are stated at fair
         value (the last reported sales price on the last business day of the
         year).

         Other investments are stated at current fair value as determined by the
         trustee, Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A., who holds the various
         investments. The trustee values securities which are traded on a
         national securities exchange at the last reported sales price on the
         last business day of the year; investments traded in the
         over-the-counter market and listed securities for which no sale was
         reported on that date are valued at the average of the last reported
         bid and ask prices.

         Benefits paid to participants in shares of the Company or in shares of
         McWhorter are valued at fair value.

         Approved benefits payable representing the unpaid vested interest of
         participants who have withdrawn from the Plan were $17,392 and $311 at
         October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, respectively.

2.       DESCRIPTION OF THE PLAN

         The Plan is a defined contribution plan that is available to all hourly
         employees who meet certain age and length of service requirements. It
         provides for retirement and termination benefits.

         Employees electing to participate in the Plan make voluntary
         contributions on a pretax or after-tax basis up to a maximum of 6% of
         eligible wages if they are also participating in Valspar's Profit
         Sharing Plan. Employees participating in a defined benefit pension plan
         are eligible to contribute up to a maximum of 15% of eligible wages.
         The Company has voluntarily agreed to contribute an amount equal to
         one-half of eligible wages contributed by employees (to a maximum match
         of 3% of eligible wages). Employee contributions vest immediately, and
         Company contributions vest after five years of service. The Company has
         the right under the Plan to terminate the Plan and discontinue such
         contributions at any anniversary date. In the event of termination of
         the Plan, the net assets of the Plan are to be set aside for the
         exclusive benefit of the participants or their beneficiaries.

         According to the Plan, contributions are to be primarily invested in
         common stock of the Company. Cash dividends earned on plan shares are
         paid out to the Plan participants. The common stock of McWhorter is not
         a current investment option of the Plan (see Note 6). Participants
         meeting certain age and length of participation requirements may
         diversify a portion of their interest into investments other than
         common stock of the Company.

         Forfeitures resulting from the termination of Plan participants with
         less than 100% vesting reduce the Company's contribution in the year of
         forfeiture. Total forfeitures were $8,282 and $1,546 in 1995 and 1994,
         respectively.

3.       INVESTMENTS

         Investments of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust are accounted
         for on a share value basis as determined by Norwest Bank Minnesota
         N.A., trustee.

         The fair value of investments of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master
         Trust in which the Plan invests are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            October 27,          October 28,
                                                               1995                 1994

<S>                                                      <C>                  <C>             
         Common stock of the Valspar Corporation         $     83,844,618     $     78,930,684
         Common stock of McWhorter Technologies,
           Incorporated (Note 6)                               12,622,035           18,624,874
         Collective Trust Fund                                     54,450              324,688
                                                         ----------------     ----------------
                                                         $     96,521,103     $     97,880,246
                                                         ================     ================

         The investment income of the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust for
         the years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 are as follows:

                                                               1995                 1994

         Valspar Stock:
           Interest                                      $         14,292     $         10,803
           Dividends                                            1,280,451            1,122,192
           Unrealized asset appreciation                        4,938,519           16,124,133
                                                         ----------------     ----------------
                                                         $      6,233,262     $     17,257,128
                                                         ================     ================

         McWhorter Stock:
           Interest                                                           $            266
           Gain on sale of assets                        $        575,432              374,659
           Unrealized asset (depreciation) appreciation        (4,187,426)           1,344,684
                                                         ----------------     ----------------
                                                         $     (3,611,994)    $      1,719,609
                                                         ================     ================

</TABLE>

         The Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust holds assets for the Plan and
         the Valspar Stock Ownership Trust for Salaried Employees. The Plan's
         ownership interest in the Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust was
         17.8% on October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994.

         Other investments of the Plan include investments in the Equity Fund
         Master Trust, the Bond Fund Master Trust, the Principal Protection Fund
         Master Trust, and a Norwest Short-term investment fund (collective
         trust fund). These alternative investments are available for
         diversification purposes to Plan participants who have attained age 55
         and have ten years of participation in the Plan.


4.       TRANSACTIONS WITH PARTIES-IN-INTEREST

         Fees incurred for trustee, recordkeeping, and other services rendered
         by parties-in-interest are paid by the Company.

         During the years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, the
         Valspar Stock Ownership Master Trust purchased 200,952 and 163,267
         shares of common stock of the Company at a cost of $7,410,495 and
         $6,170,396, respectively. Dividends on common stock of the Company
         received by the Master Trust totaled $1,280,451 and $1,122,192 in the
         years ended October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, respectively.

5.       INCOME TAX STATUS

         The Plan obtained its latest determination letter on May 26, 1992 in
         which the Internal Revenue Service stated that the Plan, as then
         designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the
         Internal Revenue Code. The Plan has been amended to comply with new
         legislation enacted since receiving the determination letter. However,
         the Plan administrator and the Plan's tax counsel believe that the Plan
         is currently designed and being operated in compliance with the
         applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, no
         provision for income taxes has been included in the Plan's financial
         statements.

6.       MCWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. TRANSACTION

         On April 29, 1994, Valspar stockholders of record as of April 15, 1994
         (including Plan participants with a portion of their account balance
         invested in Valspar stock as of that date) received a stock dividend of
         one share of McWhorter common stock for every two shares of Valspar
         common stock held.

         The common stock of McWhorter is not a current investment option of the
         Plan, and Plan participants may not increase the allocation of their
         account balance to McWhorter stock. Participants may make a one-time
         election to liquidate all of their shares of common stock of McWhorter.
         Proceeds from liquidation will be reinvested in Valspar common stock.







SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
THE VALSPAR STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST FOR HOURLY EMPLOYEES

ITEM 27A - SCHEDULE OF ASSETS HELD FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OCTOBER 27, 1995
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                           DESCRIPTION OF INVESTMENT
                                                           INCLUDING MATURITY DATE, 
        IDENTITY OF ISSUE, BORROWER,                           RATE OF INTEREST,                            CURRENT
          LESSOR, OR SIMILAR PARTY                          PAR, OR MATURITY VALUE           COST            VALUE

<S>                                                               <C>                  <C>               <C>           
Interest in Master Trust Funds:
    Equity Fund Master Trust                                      5,046 units          $       50,354    $       64,990
    Bond Fund Master Trust                                        1,856 units                  22,866            20,743
    Principal Protection Fund
        Master Trust                                                989 units                  10,724            13,665
    Valspar Stock Ownership
        Master Trust                                            529,078 units               6,220,044        17,189,641
Interest in common stock:
    The Valspar Corporation                                        379 shares                   5,349            14,781
    McWhorter Technologies,
       Incorporated                                                180 shares                     969             2,700
                                                                                       --------------    --------------
                                                                                       $    6,310,306    $   17,306,520
                                                                                       ==============    ==============

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.C
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>


                                                                     Exhibit 99C

THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING
RETIREMENT PLAN

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
AND INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

TABLE OF CONTENTS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         PAGE

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                              1

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
    Statements of Net Assets Available for Benefits                       2
    Statements of Changes in Net Assets Available for Benefits            3
    Notes to Financial Statements                                         4

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES:
    Item 27a - Schedule of Assets Held for Investment Purposes           11
    Item 27d - Schedule of Reportable Transactions                       12




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement
   Plan Administrative Committee

We have audited the accompanying statements of net assets available for benefits
of The Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement Plan (the Plan) as of October 27, 1995
and October 28, 1994 and the related statements of changes in net assets
available for benefits for the years then ended. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Plan's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the net assets available for benefits of the Plan at
October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994 and the changes in its net assets
available for benefits for the years then ended, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The supplemental schedules listed in the
Table of Contents are presented for the purpose of additional analysis and are
not a required part of the basic financial statements, but are supplementary
information required by the Department of Labor's Rules and Regulations for
Reporting and Disclosure under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974. The supplementary schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures
applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, are
fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole.


DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

January 8, 1996



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

STATEMENTS OF NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                1995            1994

<S>                                                         <C>            <C>         
ASSETS:
    Investments (Note 3):
       Interest in Bond Fund Master Trust                   $ 11,154,321   $ 13,547,559
       Interest in Equity Fund Master Trust                   52,708,380     39,474,266
       Interest in Principal Protection Fund Master Trust     18,608,202     19,507,604
       The Valspar Corporation Common Stock                   18,899,634     11,987,143
       McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated
          Common Stock (Note 6)                                1,373,130      1,970,860
       Interest in collective funds                              493,832        406,692
                                                            ------------   ------------
              Total investments                              103,237,499     86,894,124

    Receivables:
       Employer's contributions                                4,855,440      4,692,361
       Employees' contributions                                  179,229        163,939
                                                            ------------   ------------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS                           $108,272,168   $ 91,750,424
                                                            ============   ============

</TABLE>

See notes to financial statements.



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         1995             1994

<S>                                                                <C>              <C>          
ADDITIONS TO NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO:
    Employer contributions                                         $   4,855,440    $   4,694,800
    Employee contributions                                             2,518,718        2,311,980
    Net investment gain - Balanced Fund Master Trust                                      339,954
    Net investment gain (loss) - Bond Fund Master Trust                1,163,123       (4,068,898)
    Net investment gain (loss) - Equity Fund Master Trust             12,890,511       (1,839,798)
    Net investment gain - Principal Protection Fund Master Trust       1,253,973        1,010,081
    Net investment gain (loss) - Collective Trust Funds                   19,815           (6,647)
    The Valspar Corporation Common Stock:
       Net investment gain                                             1,647,742        1,330,746
       Dividends                                                         274,964          103,457
    McWhorter Technologies, Incorporated Common Stock -
       Net investment (loss) gain                                       (379,128)         177,169
                                                                   -------------    -------------
                                                                      24,245,158        4,052,844

DEDUCTIONS FROM NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTED TO -
    Benefit payments                                                   7,723,414        6,403,195
                                                                   -------------    -------------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE)                                               16,521,744       (2,350,351)

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
    BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                 91,750,424       94,100,775
                                                                   -------------    -------------

NET ASSETS AVAILABLE FOR BENEFITS AT
    END OF YEAR                                                    $ 108,272,168    $  91,750,424
                                                                   =============    =============

</TABLE>

See notes to financial statements.



THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 27, 1995 AND OCTOBER 28, 1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.       SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         The accounting records of the Valspar Profit Sharing Retirement Plan
         (the Plan) are maintained on an accrual basis.

         Investments are stated at current fair value as determined by Norwest
         Bank Minnesota, N.A. (the Trustee), which holds the various
         investments. The Trustee values securities that are traded on a
         national exchange at the last reported sales price on the last business
         day of the year; investments traded in the over-the-counter market and
         listed securities for which no sales were reported on that date are
         valued at the average of the last reported bid and ask prices.

         Approved benefits payable representing the unpaid vested interest of
         participants who have withdrawn from the Plan were $191,646 and
         $433,606 at October 27, 1995 and October 28, 1994, respectively.

2.       DESCRIPTION OF THE PLAN

         The Plan is a defined contribution plan which covers substantially all
         employees of The Valspar Corporation (the Company) who are not
         participants in a defined benefit retirement plan sponsored by the
         Company. The Plan provides for retirement and termination benefits. The
         Company has agreed to contribute voluntarily such amounts as determined
         in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. The Company has the
         right under the Plan to terminate the Plan and discontinue such
         contributions at any anniversary date. In the event of the termination
         of the Plan, the assets of the Plan are to be set aside for the
         exclusive benefit of the participants or their beneficiaries.

         Contributions up to a maximum of 10% of the participants' eligible
         wages may be made as defined by the Plan. Contributions are comprised
         of both employee 401(k) contributions and Company contributions.
         Company contributions to the Plan are based on the Company's return on
         assets for the fiscal year ending coincident with the Plan year.
         Employee contributions vest immediately, and Company contributions vest
         after five years of service.

         Forfeitures resulting from the termination of plan participants less
         than 100% vested reduce the Company's contribution in the year of
         forfeiture. Total forfeitures were $146,027 and $97,842 in 1995 and
         1994, respectively.

3.       INVESTMENTS

         Effective January 1, 1994, participants in the Plan have four
         investment options: the Principal Protection Fund, Bond Fund, Equity
         Fund, and Valspar Common Stock Fund. The Collective Trusts and
         McWhorter Common Stock Fund are not available as current investment
         options (see Note 6). Also effective January 1, 1994, participants may
         change their investment elections quarterly and may allocate their
         account balance among one or more of the options in increments of 5%.

         During 1993, the Plan offered participants a choice of three investment
         options for the investment of plan assets: the Balanced Fund, the
         Principal Protection Fund, and the Valspar Common Stock Fund. The
         Collective Trusts were not available as current investment options.
         Participants were able to change their investment elections twice
         annually and were able to allocate their account balance among the
         investment options in increments of 25%.

         The change in net assets available for benefits by investment option
         for the year ended October 27, 1995 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Investment Options
                                                                      Valspar     McWhorter
                                                       Principal      Common       Common
                               Bond       Equity      Protection       Stock        Stock      Collective
                               Fund        Fund          Fund          Fund         Fund         Trusts          Total
<S>                        <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>
       Additions to net
         assets attributed to:
         Employer con-
           tributions      $  626,481  $ 2,127,223  $   793,743  $  1,307,993                              $  4,855,440
         Employee con-
           tributions         330,451    1,043,218      416,770       728,279                                 2,518,718
         Net investment
           gain - Bond
           Fund             1,163,123                                                                         1,163,123
         Net investment
           gain - Equity
           Fund                         12,890,511                                                           12,890,511
         Net investment
           gain - Principal
           Protection Fund                            1,253,973                                               1,253,973
         Net investment
           gain - Collective
           Trust Funds                                                                        $    19,815        19,815
         Valspar Corporation
              Common
              Stock:
         Net investment
           gains                                                    1,647,742                                 1,647,742
         Dividends                                                    274,964                                   274,964
         McWhorter Tech-
              nologies, Incor-
              porated Com-
              mon Stock -
         Net investment loss                                                     $  (379,128)                  (379,128)
                           ----------  -----------  -----------  ------------ --------------  -----------  ------------
                            2,120,055   16,060,952    2,464,486     3,958,978       (379,128)      19,815    24,245,158

       Deductions from net
           assets attributed
           to -
         Benefit payments     996,351    2,823,827    3,473,329       324,661         89,346       15,900     7,723,414
                           ----------  -----------  -----------  ------------ --------------  -----------  ------------

       Net increase (decrease)
         prior to interfund
         transfers          1,123,704   13,237,125   (1,008,843)    3,543,895       (468,474)       3,915   16,521,744

       Interfund transfers (3,769,451)     (20,178)      72,399     3,763,261       (129,256)      83,225            -
                           ----------  -----------  -----------  ------------ --------------  -----------  -----------

       Net (decrease)
         increase       $  (2,645,747) $13,216,947  $  (936,444) $  7,397,578 $     (597,730) $    87,140 $ 16,521,744
                        =============  ===========  ===========  ============ ==============  =========== ============

</TABLE>


         The change in net assets available for benefits by investment option
         for the year ended October 28, 1994 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Investment Options
                                                                              Valspar    McWhorter
                                                               Principal      Common      Common
                           Balanced      Bond       Equity    Protection       Stock       Stock  Collective
                             Fund        Fund        Fund        Fund          Fund        Fund     Trusts      Total
<S>                       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>       
       Additions to net
           assets
           attributed to:
         Employer con-
           tributions     $      380  $  869,197  $2,149,901  $  830,437  $  844,885                         $4,694,800
         Employee con-
           tributions        292,004     387,310     930,181     393,773     308,712                          2,311,980
         Net investment
           gain - Balanced
           Fund              339,954                                                                            339,954
         Net investment
           loss - Bond
           Fund                       (4,068,898)                                                            (4,068,898)
         Net investment
           loss - Equity
           Fund                                   (1,839,798)                                                (1,839,798)
         Net investment
           gain - Principal
           Protection Fund                                     1,010,081                                      1,010,081
         Net investment
           loss - Collective
           Trust Funds                                                                            $  (6,647)     (6,647)
         Valspar Corporation
              Common
              Stock:
         Net investment
           gains                                                           1,330,746                          1,330,746
         Dividends                                                           103,457                            103,457
         McWhorter Tech-
              nologies, Incor-
              porated Com-
              mon Stock -
         Net investment gain                                                          $  177,169                177,169
                          ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ---------  ----------
                             632,338  (2,812,391)  1,240,284   2,234,291   2,587,800     177,169     (6,647)  4,052,844
       Deductions from net
           assets attributed
           to -
         Benefit payments  1,031,990     863,969   1,614,194   2,577,307     254,194      47,141     14,400   6,403,195
                          ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ---------  ----------

       Net (decrease) increase
         prior to interfund
         transfers          (399,652) (3,676,360)   (373,910)   (343,016)  2,333,606     130,028    (21,047) (2,350,351)

       Interfund
         transfers       (70,541,410) 18,138,603  42,152,483   1,721,431   6,687,611   1,840,832        450           -
                        ------------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------   --------- ----------  ----------

       Net (decrease)
         increase     $  (70,941,062)$14,462,243 $41,778,573  $1,378,415  $9,021,217  $1,970,860  $(20,597) $(2,350,351)
                      ============== =========== ===========  ==========  ==========  ==========  ========= ===========

</TABLE>

         As of October 27, 1995, the assets in the Equity Fund, the Bond Fund,
         and the Principal Protection Fund are maintained in three master
         trusts: the Equity Fund Master Trust, the Bond Fund Master Trust, and
         the Principal Protection Fund Master Trust, respectively. The Master
         Trusts hold assets for the Plan, Employee Pension Plans, and the
         Valspar Stock Ownership Plans. The Plan's ownership interest in the
         Equity Fund Master Trust, Bond Fund Master Trust, and Principal
         Protection Fund Master Trust was 86.1%, 99.7%, and 99.5%, respectively,
         on October 27, 1995 and 88.4%, 99.8%, and 99.8%, on October 28, 1994,
         respectively.

         Investments of the Master Trusts are determined on a unit value basis
         as determined by Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A., Trustee.

         The fair values of investments of the Master Trusts in which the Plan
         invests are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   October 27,          October 28,
                                                                      1995                 1994
<S>                                                              <C>                 <C>              
         Bond Fund Master Trust:
            Cash and short-term investment fund                  $         61,285    $       4,899,873
            United States Government securities                         6,660,887            3,895,630
            Municipal securities and foreign debt securities            1,965,748            2,475,928
            Corporate bonds and debentures                              1,225,316              748,537
            Mutual bond fund                                              963,823            1,454,752
            Accrued income                                                314,021              107,676
                                                                 ----------------    -----------------
                                                                 $     11,191,080    $      13,582,396
                                                                 ================    =================

         Equity Fund Master Trust:
            Cash and short-term investment fund                  $      1,985,685    $       1,021,007
            Common stock                                               40,047,826           29,348,260
            Collective equity fund                                     19,581,513           14,143,683
            Net amount (payable) receivable for
               settlements pending                                       (442,981)             191,024
            Accrued income                                                 26,853               25,525
                                                                 ----------------    -----------------
                                                                 $     61,198,896    $      44,729,499
                                                                 ================    =================

         Principal Protection Fund Master Trust -
            Collective trust funds                               $     18,705,323    $      19,548,234
                                                                 ================    =================

</TABLE>



         The net investment income of the Master Trusts for the year ended are
         as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    October 27,          October 28,
                                                                       1995                 1994

<S>                                                              <C>                 <C>              
         Balanced Fund Master Trust:
            Interest                                                                 $         415,403
            Dividends                                                                           57,639
            Net gain on sale of assets                                                       5,086,535
            Unrealized asset depreciation                                                   (5,063,174)
            Investment advisory and management fees                                            (84,319)
                                                                                     -----------------
                                                                                     $         412,084
                                                                                     =================
         Equity Fund Master Trust:
            Interest                                             $        105,631    $          67,862
            Dividends                                                     345,839              230,022
            Net gain on sale of assets                                 12,675,572               27,329
            Unrealized asset appreciation (depreciation)                2,134,941           (2,430,634)
            Investment advisory and management fees                      (302,419)            (329,200)
                                                                 ----------------    -----------------
                                                                 $     14,959,654    $      (2,434,621)
                                                                 ================    =================
         Bond Fund Master Trust:
            Interest                                             $        660,932    $         339,568
            Net gain (loss) on sale of assets                              52,221             (982,517)
            Unrealized asset appreciation (depreciation)                  497,553           (3,409,123)
            Investment advisory and management fees                       (47,532)             (34,918)
                                                                 ----------------    -----------------
                                                                 $      1,163,174    $      (4,086,990)
                                                                 ================    =================
         Principal Protection Fund Master Trust:
            Interest                                             $        301,726    $       1,064,300
            Unrealized asset appreciation                                 870,297               15,177
            Net gain on sale of assets                                    164,321
            Investment advisory and management fees                       (78,735)             (68,490)
                                                                 ----------------    -----------------
                                                                 $      1,257,609    $       1,010,987
                                                                 ================    =================

</TABLE>

4.       TRANSACTIONS WITH PARTIES-IN-INTEREST

         Fees paid during the year for trustee, recordkeeping, and other
         services rendered by parties-in-interest are paid directly by the plan
         sponsor.

5.       INCOME TAX STATUS

         In the Plan's latest determination letter, obtained on September 12,
         1990, the Internal Revenue Service stated that the Plan, as then
         designed, was in compliance with the applicable requirements of the
         Internal Revenue Code. The Plan has been amended to comply with new
         legislation enacted since receiving the determination letter. The Plan
         administrator and the Plan's tax counsel believe that the Plan is
         currently designed and operated in compliance with the applicable
         requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, no provision for
         income taxes has been included in the Plan's financial statements.

6.       MCWHORTER TECHNOLOGIES, INCORPORATED TRANSACTION

         On April 29, 1994, Valspar stockholders of record as of April 15, 1994
         (including Plan participants with a portion of their account balance
         invested in Valspar stock as of that date) received a stock dividend of
         one share of McWhorter Technologies, Inc. common stock for every two
         shares of Valspar Corporation common stock held. The initial
         distribution of McWhorter Technologies, Inc. common stock is reflected
         as an interfund transfer from the Valspar Common Stock Fund in Note 3.

         The common stock of McWhorter Technologies, Inc. is not a current
         investment option of the Plan, and Plan participants may not increase
         the allocation of their account balance to McWhorter stock.
         Participants may make a one-time election to liquidate all of their
         shares of common stock of McWhorter Technologies, Inc. Proceeds from
         liquidation will be reinvested in the participants' accounts based on
         their current election options.






SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULES




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

ITEM 27A - SCHEDULE OF ASSETS HELD FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES
OCTOBER 27, 1995
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                   DESCRIPTION OF INVESTMENT
                                                   INCLUDING MATURITY DATE,
      IDENTITY OF ISSUE, BORROWER,                     RATE OF INTEREST,                                   CURRENT
        LESSOR, OR SIMILAR PARTY                    PAR, OR MATURITY VALUE                COST              VALUE

<S>                                                       <C>                      <C>                 <C>             
Common stock:
    The Valspar Corporation                               484,606 shares           $     15,378,397    $     18,899,634
    McWhorter Technologies,
       Incorporated                                        91,542 shares                  1,322,238           1,373,130

Interest in Collective Trust Funds:
    Norwest Intermediate U.S.
       Government Bond Fund                                  1,012 units                     56,188              62,733
    Norwest Managed Fixed Income
       Fund                                                  4,556 units                    114,280             127,208
    Norwest Short-term Investment
       Fund                                                301,636 units                    301,636             301,636
    Accrued income                                                                            2,255               2,255

Interest in Master Trust Funds:
    Equity Fund Master Trust                             4,092,456 units                 41,361,941          52,708,380
    Bond Fund Master Trust                                 998,178 units                 12,232,259          11,154,321
    Principal Protection Fund
       Master Trust                                      1,346,219 units                 14,836,960          18,608,202
                                                                                   ----------------    ----------------
                                                                                   $     85,606,154    $    103,237,499
                                                                                   ================    ================

</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

THE VALSPAR PROFIT SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN

ITEM 27D - SCHEDULE OF REPORTABLE TRANSACTIONS
OCTOBER 27,1995
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                                         CURRENT VALUE
                                                                                                         OF ASSETS AT
 IDENTITY OF              DESCRIPTION OF                                    PURCHASE        COST OF       TRANSACTION
PARTY INVOLVED           ASSET/TRANSACTION                                    PRICE          ASSET           DATE

<S>                  <C>                                                 <C>            <C>               <C>         
Piper Jaffray Inc.   The Valspar Corporation Common Stock -              $  1,156,776   $  1,156,776      $  1,156,776
                          Purchased 31,608 shares in 21 transactions

McDonald &           The Valspar Corporation Common Stock -              $  6,120,250   $  6,120,250      $  6,120,250
  Company               Purchased 178,725 shares in 3 transactions

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          OCT-27-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               OCT-27-1995
<CASH>                                           4,875
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  130,865
<ALLOWANCES>                                     (911)
<INVENTORY>                                     76,893
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               236,908
<PP&E>                                         247,540
<DEPRECIATION>                               (117,136)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 398,199
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          145,913
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                           13,330
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                             0
<OTHER-SE>                                     (3,436)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   398,199
<SALES>                                        790,175
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               790,175
<CGS>                                          561,170
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  145,716
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 (763)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                   628
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               4,216
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 79,208
<INCOME-TAX>                                    31,688
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             47,520
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    47,520
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.15
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.15
        




</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
