<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D. C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

[X]   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1994

                                       OR

[ ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Transition Period from             to                 .

Commission file number : 1-9904

                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                    Delaware                              88-0224117
         (State or other jurisdiction of              (I.R.S. Employer
        incorporation or organization)               Identification No.)

            4625 Wynn Road, Suite 103, Las Vegas NV            89103
          (Address of principal executive offices)          (Zip Code)

                                 (702) 362-3152
                 (Registrant's telephone, including area code)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

[X] Yes  [ ] No
<PAGE>
<PAGE>


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained to the best 
of Registrant's knowledge in definitive proxy or information statements 
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the 
Form 10-K.

[ ]

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the 
Registrant as of March 22, 1995, based upon a price of $.25 per share, the 
average of the bid and ask quotations as of such date was $7,244,053.  As of 
March 22, 1995 there were 28,976,210 issued and outstanding shares of common 
stock of the registrant.
    
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1.  Description of Business.

General Development of Business

The Registrant, Vanderbilt Gold Corporation, a Delaware corporation 
("Registrant", the "Company" or "Vanderbilt"), is in the business of acquiring, 
developing, and producing precious metals properties.  The Registrant has one 
wholly-owned subsidiary --- Star Mining Corporation, a Nevada Corporation.  
Vanderbilt and its subsidiary are hereinafter referred to as "Vanderbilt".

Vanderbilt is engaged in the mining business, primarily in the Western United 
States and Mexico, with its principal operation at the Morning Star Mine 
("Morning Star") which is located in San Bernardino County, California.   
Morning Star is a gold and silver property which has produced significant 
quantities of these precious metals.  Vanderbilt has operated this mine 
continuously since 1973.  See "Properties."

In January 1995, Vanderbilt entered into a purchase and/or option agreement 
covering approximately 67,000 acres in the western area of the State of 
Durango, Mexico.  Preliminary exploration indicates that the mineralization 
contains gold, silver and copper in commercially mineable quantities.  See 
"Properties and Management's Discussion And Analysis".


Narrative Description of Business

Vanderbilt is a production oriented gold and silver mining company.  Its 
business activities include property evaluation, exploration, and if warranted, 
acquisition, development, construction of facilities, and the mining, 
processing, and sale of metals, principally gold and silver in the form of dore 
bullion.  All dore bullion is sold to outside companies for final processing.  
Vanderbilt may enter into joint ventures or partnerships with other business 
entities to accomplish these same purposes.

Morning Star Mine

The Morning Star Mine produces gold and silver dore bullion.

From 1973 through 1984, the Morning Star was developed and operated as an 
underground mine.  The ore was processed at a mill owned by Vanderbilt located 
about 17 miles from the minesite.  During late 1984, the Morning Star was 
converted to an open pit operation and the ore was processed by heap leaching 
commencing in 1985.  In June, 1987, Management decided to add a fine crushing 
plant to the facility in order to increase gold recovery rates.  In March, 
1990, production problems began which resulted in a sharp drop off in the 
amount of gold and silver being recovered from the ores on the heap leach pads.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

As a result, Management suspended mining operations, except for the crushing of 
previously mined ore, and concentrated its attention on the gold recovery 
problems.  The resultant drop in cash flows and liquidity caused the Company to 
curtail its other activities, lay off personnel, defer payments to vendors, and 
continue the moratorium on mining activity at Morning Star.  Working capital 
dried up and for two years the Company survived on loans and other extensions 
of credit from the Company's President and others.  During the three years 
ended December 31, 1993, efforts at the Morning Star were directed to 
reclamation and remediation.  During that time, heap leach pad #1 was 
detoxified (the cyanide was removed) and final reclamation commenced.

In late 1994 as funds became available, the Morning Star was made ready for 
increasing levels of operations, equipment was tested and brought on-line, the 
assay lab was equipped, stocked with supplies and staffed, and the solution in 
the remaining heap leach pad (#2) started through the gold recovery and 
detoxification system.  During the first quarter of 1995, the Company removed 
about 40 ounces of gold recovered in the carbon recovery tanks and delivered it 
to market.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

The ultimate realization of value from Vanderbilt's properties is dependent 
upon the existence of economically producible quantities of ore containing 
significant amounts of precious metals, gold and silver.  These quantities of 
ore may be considered Vanderbilt's raw materials.  The Registrant's continuing 
search for suitable mining properties is subject to numerous uncertainties such 
as locating commercially viable deposits, competition from other companies and 
the ability to negotiate leases and other contracts with property owners on 
terms favorable to Vanderbilt.  Increased governmental regulation(s) as to the 
location, exploration, and development of mineral prospects coupled with the 
trend toward increased withdrawal of lands from mineral entry could possibly 
limit Vanderbilt's access to both the source and availability of suitable 
mineral prospects.

Seasonal Nature of Business

Vanderbilt's business is generally not seasonal in nature except for certain 
times when weather conditions may adversely affect access to and operations of 
its properties.

Major Customers

Vanderbilt sells the gold and silver dore bullion produced at the Morning Star 
Mine to Englehard Industries West, Inc., Gerald Metals, Inc. and G D Resources, 
Inc.  Vanderbilt does not believe that the loss of these customers would 
adversely affect its business since there are several other potential customers 
for its products.  Vanderbilt also may enter into forward sales contracts with 
gold merchants, users and others.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Competitive Conditions

Vanderbilt considers the exploration for, development, and acquisition of 
precious metals and other mineable properties to be intensely competitive.  
Companies with greater financial resources, existing staff and
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
