-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 M3EMMpe+kz2FrONyrndHVoS7vueN8ImMJD18rnuyMQIFlMBp5AGDE3E0v12S5Iy/
 OpSJfCAB5xSMZpsmULkodw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000931302-96-000001.txt : 19960507
<SEC-HEADER>0000931302-96-000001.hdr.sgml : 19960507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000931302-96-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960506
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VANDERBILT GOLD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102854
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880224117
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09904
		FILM NUMBER:		96556596

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4625 WYNN ROAD STE 103
		STREET 2:		BUILDING C
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7023623152

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4625 WYNN RD
		STREET 2:		STE 103
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEAVY METALS TECHNOLOGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710624
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington D. C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K
 [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE AC
T OF 1934
                  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1995

                                       OR

   [ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCH
ANGE ACT OF 1934

                   For the Transition Period from          to

                        Commission file number : 1-9904

                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              Delaware                                   88-0224117
 (state or other jurisdiction of                 (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation
         or organization)                               Identification No.)

        4625 Wynn Road, Suite 103, Las Vegas NV                   89103
        (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

             (702)362-3152
(Registrant's telephone, including area code)

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     Common Stock, Par Value $.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such 
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) 
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
[x] Yes [ ] No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 
of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will 
not be contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's 
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
<PAGE>

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the 
Registrant as of April 15, 1996, based upon a price of $0.18 per share, the 
average of the bid and ask quotations as of such date was $0.17. As of April 
15, 1996 there were 33,944,657 issued and outstanding shares of common stock of 
the registrant
<PAGE>
PART 1

Item 1. Description of Business

General 

The Company, Vanderbilt Gold Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Company" or 
"Vanderbilt"), is in the business of acquiring, developing, and producing
precious metals properties.  The Company has one wholly-owned subsidiary, Star 
Mining Corporation, a Nevada Corporation.  Vanderbilt and its subsidiary are 
hereinafter referred to as "Vanderbilt".

Vanderbilt is engaged in the mining business, primarily in the Western United 
States and Mexico, with its principal operation at the Morning Star Mine 
("Morning Star") which is located in San Bernardino County, California.  
Morning Star is a gold and silver property which has produced significant 
quantities of these precious metals.  Vanderbilt has operated this mine 
continuously since 1973. (See Item 2 Properties)

In January, 1995, the Company signed an Agreement with Compania Minera 
Rosarence S. A. de C.V. ("Rosarence"), a Mexican Corporation with headquarters 
in Culiacan, Sinaloa, Mexico wherein the Company will fund certain development 
and exploration activities to be performed by Rosarence at a 67,000 acre 
concession ("La Sierra") in the State of Durango, Mexico.  La Sierra is being 
converted from an "exploration concession" to an "exploitation concession" in 
order to begin development of one or more of the seven targets that have been 
identified on the concession.  La Sierra when converted to an "Exploitation 
Concession" will be reduced in size to about 32,000 acres which contains all 
known mineral prospects.  Preliminary sampling has identified gold, silver, and 
copper potentials.  In September, 1995, the Company also exercised its option 
to acquire the concession and all of the outstanding shares of Rosarence, all 
payments which consisted of 1.8 million common shares of Vanderbilt plus 
$200,000 have been made with the exception of two quarterly payments of $30,000 
each which are due and payable in 1996. (See Item 2 Properties)  On December 
31, 1995 Vanderbilt entered into a "Letter of Understanding" with Consolidated 
Viscount Resources Ltd. ("Viscount") and Guardian Enterprises Ltd. ("Guardian") 
of Vancouver, British Columbia which grants them the exclusive rights to 
negotiate a joint venture  for the La Sierra concession with Vanderbilt for 120 
days. (See Item 2 Properties) Vanderbilt also holds a 17.15 % interest in 
Cosalteca SA de CV's ("Cosalteca") 12,000 acre Las Coloradas concession group 
in the Sierra Madre mining district.  The company holds an option to increase 
its interest to at least 42.65 %. Formerly, the mines and prospects were 
divided among numerous holdings too small to attract sufficient developmental 
capital to efficiently develop the district.  These have been combined into 
approximately 12,000 acre concession covering all of the known mines and 
prospects as well as the structures in which the precious metal mineralization 
occurs.  A mill and ancillary infrastructure is already in place.  A new shaft, 
which will provide the means to mine more efficiently, has already been 
started. (See Item 2 Properties)
<PAGE>
Narrative Description of Business
Vanderbilt is a production oriented gold and silver mining company.  Its 
business activities include property evaluation, exploration, and if warranted, 
acquisition, development, construction of facilities, mining, processing, and 
sale of metal, principally gold and silver in the form of dore.  All dore is 
sold to outside companies for final processing.  Vanderbilt may enter into 
joint ventures or partnerships with other business entities to accomplish these 
same purposes.

Morning Star Mine

In June, 1987, Management decided to add a fine crushing plant to the facility 
in order to increase gold recovery rates. In March, 1990 production problems 
began which resulted in a sharp drop off in the amount of gold and silver being 
recovered from the ores on the heap leach pads. Management suspended mining 
operations, except for the crushing of previously mined ore, and concentrated 
its attention on the gold recovery.  The resultant drop in cash flows and 
liquidity caused the Company to curtail its other activities, lay off 
personnel, defer payments to vendors, and continue the moratorium on mining 
activity at Morning Star.  Working capital was negative and for two years the 
Company survived on loans and extensions of credit from the Company's President 
and others.  During the three years ended December 31, 1993, efforts at the 
Morning Star were directed to reclamation and remediation. During that time, 
heap leach pad No. 1 was detoxified and final reclamation commenced.

In late 1994 as funds became available, the Morning Star was made ready for 
increasing levels of operations, equipment was tested and brought on-line, the 
assay lab was equipped, stocked with supplies and staffed, and the solution in 
the remaining heap leach pad (No. 2) started through the gold recovery and 
detoxification system.  During 1995, the Company removed about 77 ounces of 
gold from the carbon recovery tanks and delivered it to market.  Reclamation 
and efforts to secure new funding continued throughout the year.

In December, 1995, Vanderbilt entered into a "Letter of Understanding" with 
Guardian and Viscount.  Under the terms of the agreement they have the to earn 
a 50% interest in the Morning Star Mine in exchange for funding, prior to the 
end of 1996, of $750,000 for the operation of the mine 

Sources and Availability of Mineral Resources

The ultimate realization of value from Vanderbilt's properties is dependent 
upon the existence of economical quantities of ore containing significant 
amounts of precious metals, gold and silver.  The Company's continuing search 
for suitable mining properties is subject to numerous uncertainties such as 
locating commercially viable deposits, competition from other companies and the 
ability to negotiate leases and other contracts with property owners on terms 
favorable to the Company.  Increased governmental regulation(s) as to the 
location, exploration, and development of mineral prospects coupled with the 
trend toward increased withdrawal of lands from mineral entry could possibly 
limit Vanderbilt's access to suitable mineral prospects.
<PAGE>
Seasonal Nature of Business

Vanderbilt's business is generally not seasonal in nature except for certain 
times when weather conditions may adversely affect access to and operations of 
its properties.

Major Customers

Vanderbilt has sold  gold and silver dore, produced at the Morning Star Mine to 
Englehard Industries West, Inc., Gerald Metals, Inc. and G. D. Resources, Inc.  
Vanderbilt does not believe that the loss of these customers would adversely 
affect its business since there are several other potential customers for its 
products.  Vanderbilt also may enter into forward sales contracts with gold 
merchants, users and others.

Competitive Conditions

Vanderbilt considers the exploration for, development, and acquisition of 
precious metals and other mineable properties to be intensely competitive. 
Companies with greater financial resources, existing staff and labor forces, 
equipment for exploration and specialized experience, under certain 
circumstances, may be in a better position than Vanderbilt to compete for 
mineral properties,  Also, the market price for gold and silver depends upon 
factors beyond Vanderbilt's control, including the production of gold and 
silver by other nations and by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United 
Stated and other leading economic powers.

Environmental/Energy/Governmental Regulations

The California Desert Protection Act of 1994 ("Act") was passed by Congress and 
signed into law by the President.  The Morning Star Mine ("Morning Star") is 
located in the newly designated "Mojave National Preserve".  In general, the 
Morning Star's mining and processing operations, under the new Act, may be 
conducted as provided in the existing Plan of Operations ("Plans").  One change 
is that public land, including that occupied by the Morning Star, is now 
administered by the National Park Service ("NPS") instead of the Bureau of Land 
Management ("BLM").The land around the Morning Star will no longer be open to 
new mining claims, but the new Act expressly provides that this withdrawal of 
land from mineral entry is "subject to valid existing rights", which would 
obligate the United States Government to honor the Morning Star's valid mining 
claims, permits and the approved Plan.

Since the Morning Star has an approved Plan and state water permits, it appears 
that the mining and processing operations can proceed in accordance with the 
Company's plans.  However, it in not possible at this time to assess the 
ultimate impact, if any, that the Act will have upon the Company's operations 
at the Morning Star and the timing of such impact.
<PAGE>
Compliance with federal, state,  and local provisions regarding the discharge 
of materials and pollutants into the environment, has not materially affected, 
nor is it expected to materially affect capital expenditures, earnings, or the 
competitive position of Vanderbilt; although in certain cases Vanderbilt has 
experienced substantial delays in implementing its mining plans with respect to 
its mining properties because of the delays inherent in the environmental 
permitting process.

Wastes generated in connection with the cyanide leach facility currently are 
not considered to be hazardous wastes under either the Federal Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act or the State of California Hazardous Waste 
Control Act.  As a result, Vanderbilt's heap leach operation is not subject to 
the regulations promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency or the 
California Department of Health Services with respect to hazardous wastes and 
materials. However, the equipment used at the site generates small quantities 
of waste oil, classified as a hazardous waste by the State of California, which 
is stored at the site for later removal by a commercial disposal service.  
Vanderbilt has obtained permits as a Hazardous Waste Generator and a Hazardous 
Material Handler from the County of San Bernardino Environmental Health 
Services Department in regard to the waste oil generated by the equipment on 
site.

The cyanide leach facility is subject to review and regulation by the 
California Regional Water Quality Control Board. Vanderbilt's facilities at the 
mine site are being modified and leach pad No. 2 is in the process of 
detoxification.  On August 11, 1994, the California Regional Water Quality 
Control Board, Lahontan Region, approved and adopted the amended waste 
discharge requirements for Vanderbilt's Morning Star Mine.  The effect of this 
approval is that the Company may continue operations at the mine and that heap 
leach pad No. 1 is reclassified as detoxified.  No cyanide is presently being 
used by the Company at the Morning Star Mine.  Under the terms of its amended 
permit, Vanderbilt has been approved to begin the use of cyanide processing 
using a vat leach system inside an enclosed structure.

In addition, the following environmental requirements apply to various aspects 
of the facility: (1) An air quality permit for the facility is required by the 
San Bernardino Air Pollution Control District. An application for this permit 
was filed in March, 1988, and continues to be under review by the District.  
Vanderbilt is operating at the Morning Star under a temporary permit. (2) The 
two underground storage tanks at the Morning Star Mine which were used to store 
gasoline and diesel fuel for the trucks and other equipment used at the mine 
site were removed. The tanks are now operated as surface tanks. (3) As required 
by state law, Vanderbilt filed a Business plan with the County of San 
Bernardino Environmental Health Services Department; this was approved in 
August of 1988. (4) A reclamation plan for the mine was approved by the Federal 
Bureau of Land Management ("BLM")  in June, 1984.
<PAGE>
(5) Vanderbilt's mining permit issued by San Bernardino County, California, 
expired in August, 1994 and the application process is underway for a new 
permit. A Revised Plan of Operation was filed with the BLM in 1988 and as 
amended, and updated plan was submitted in December 1990. A Revised Plan of 
Operations was filed with the BLM pursuant to a request made in April, 1993.  
The effect of the transfer of responsibility from the BLM to the NPS as a 
result of the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 being enacted cannot be 
evaluated at this time.  See the "Environmental" section of  "Management's 
Discussion and Analysis" for additional information.

Permits were obtained from the County of San Bernardino Environmental Health 
Services Department and the BLM to drill two water wells to the south of the 
Morning Star mine site.  These wells were drilled in August and October of 1988 
and a Water Well Drillers Report was filed with the San Bernardino County and 
the State of California Department of Water Resources. In December, 1988, a 
right of way permit was obtained from the BLM and a five mile pipeline from the 
wells to the Morning Star mine site was completed in 1989.

See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for information concerning misdemeanor 
convictions in 1992 of Vanderbilt and its President for violations of 
environmental laws.  Any proceeding against Vanderbilt's former president were 
dropped by the county following his death in July, 1995.  This conviction 
against Vanderbilt is under appeal.

Governmental agencies having jurisdiction over the Morning Star Mine in San 
Bernardino County have publicly announced a policy of aggressively enforcing 
laws and regulations designed to protect the environment especially as they 
relate to mining operations.  Accordingly, it can be expected that the Morning 
Star Mine will be under the scrutiny of such authorities.  While the Company 
will make every effort to comply with these regulations there can be no 
assurance as to the results such regulatory scrutiny may have upon the 
operations of the Morning Star Mine.

During 1991, monitor wells on heap leach pad No. 2 disclosed the existence of a 
small leak of the leach solution from the top pad liner.  The local regulatory 
authorities prohibited the Company from adding any further cyanide to the 
leaching solution. Heap leach pad No. 2 has three separate pad liners.  The 
leak is apparently confined to the top liner.  Tests conducted indicate that 
the other two pad liners have maintained their integrity and there has been no 
contamination of any of the soil underneath the heap leach pad.

It is the Company's policy to comply with environmental and health laws and 
regulations.

Employees

Vanderbilt currently has one (1) employee.
<PAGE>
Item 2. Properties

Glossary of certain mining terms

The following is a glossary of some of the terms used in the mining industry 
and referenced herein:

ADR - An acronym for adsorption, desorption, and reactivation (see definitions 
lot adsorption. desorption, reactivation singularly).

adsorption - A process in which soluble complexes of gold and silver physically 
adhere without chemical reaction to activated carbon particles.

agglomeration - A process whereby mineralized material is mixed with a binder 
and water and cured for 10 to 70 hours.  Agglomeration allows heap leaching of 
material that otherwise does not permit the leaching solution to percolate 
through, by increasing porosity and permeability.

bank cubic yard - ("bcy") Refers to a cubic yard of in situ resource.

bottle roll test - A small scale metallurgical laboratory test used to 
determine the amenability of mineralization to the cyanidation extraction 
process.

CIL - An acronym for Carbon-In-Leach - the process of a solution leach plant in 
which the dissolved gold in the pregnant cyanide solution is extracted through 
adsorption onto activated carbon concurrent with leaching.

column test - A large scale metallurgical laboratory test used to determine the 
amenability of rnineralized material to the cyanidation extraction process.

contained gold - Total measurable gold or gold equivalent in grams or ounces 
estimated to be contained within a mineral deposit.  A calculation or estimate 
of contained gold makes no allowance for mining dilution or recovery losses.

cutoff grade - Grade of mineralization, established by reference to economic 
factors, above which material is included in mineral deposit reserve resource 
calculations and below which the material is considered waste.

waste - May be either an external cutoff grade which refers to the grade of 
mineralization used to control the external or design limits of an open pit 
based upon the expected economic parameters of the operation, or an internal 
cutoff grade which refers to the minimum grade required for blocks of 
mineralization present within the confines of in open pit to be included in 
mineral deposit estimates.
<PAGE>
development stage - The period when a mineral deposit that has been estimated 
to be economically viable is prepared for commercial production; including 
pre-production stripping in the mine and the construction of the necessary 
process plant and supporting facilities.

desorption - A process in which gold and silver physically adhered to carbon 
particles in the adsorption process are stripped from the carbon particles 
using a weak acid solution.

dore - Unrefined gold and silver in bullion form.

gold deposit - Means a mineral deposit mineralized with gold but without 
reference to its potential economics.

gold equivalent - A method of presenting combined gold and silver 
concentrations or weights for comparison purposes.  Commonly involves 
expressing silver as its proportionate value in gold based on the relative 
values of the two metals.  When gold equivalent is used to express metal sold, 
the calculation is based on actual prices received.  When grades are expressed 
in gold equivalent, the relative recoveries of the two metals are also taken 
into account.

grade - The amount of valuable mineral in each ton of mineralized material 
expressed as troy ounces (or grams) per ton or tonne for gold and silver or as 
a percentage of copper and other minerals.

heap leaching - A method of gold and silver extraction in which mineralized 
material is heaped on an impermeable pad and sodium cyanide solution is applied 
to the material.  The gold and silver are dissolved out of the materials as the 
solution percolates down through the heap, the pregnant solution is collected 
from below the heap and the gold and silver are precipitated from the pregnant 
solution in vessels or columns containing activated carbon or zinc powder.

leach pad - A large, impermeable foundation or pad used as a base for ore 
during heap leaching.  The pad  prevents the leach  solution from escaping out 
of the circuit.

lode mining claim - A mining claim located on a vein or lode of quartz or other 
rock in place, bearing gold, silver, tin, lead, copper, or other valuable 
deposits.

mineral deposit, deposit, or mineralized material - A mineralized body which 
his been physically delimited by sufficient drilling, trenching and/or 
underground work and found to contain a sufficient average grade of metal or 
metals to warrant further exploration and/or development expenditures.  Such a 
deposit does not qualify under SEC standards as a commercially mineable ore 
body or as containing ore reserves, until final legal, technical and economic 
factors have been resolved.
<PAGE>
mixed ore - A mixture of oxidized and unoxidized ore.

net smelter return royalty - A phrase used to describe a royalty payment made 
by a producer of metals, usually to a previous property owner or Governmental 
authority, based an the value of gross metal production from the property, less 
deduction of certain limited costs including smelting, refining, transportation 
and insurance costs.

net profits interest royalty - A phrase used to describe a royalty payment made 
by the producer of metals, usually to a property owner or Governmental 
authority, based on the value of gross metal production from the property, less 
deduction of certain costs including smelting, refining, transportation and 
insurance costs (often referred to as realization costs) plus direct operating 
costs associated with the mining and treatment of ore and the mining of 
associated waste.

open pit mining - The process of mining an ore body from the surface in 
progressively deeper steps.  Sufficient waste rock adjacent to the ore body is 
removed to maintain mining  access and to maintain the stability of the 
resulting pit.

ore - A natural aggregate of one or more minerals which, at a specified time 
and place, may be mined and sold at a profit, or from which some part may be 
profitably separated.

ounce (oz) - Troy ounce.

oxidized ore (also referred to "oxide ore") - Mineralized rock which can be 
profitably mined and in which some of the original minerals have been oxidized 
by natural processes.  Oxidation tends to make the ore more porous and permits 
a more complete permeation of cyanide solution so that minute particles of gold 
in the interior of the rock will be more readily dissolved

oz/ton (opt) - Troy ounces per short ton.

reactivation - A process in which carbon particles which have been stripped of 
gold and silver during the desorption process are heated in a kiln to relieve 
them of all contaminants and prepare them for reuse in the adsorption process.

reserve - Means that part of a mineral deposit which can be economically and 
legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination.  
Reserves are customarily stated in terms of "ore" when dealing with 
metalliferous minerals.

strike length - The longest horizontal dimensions of a body or zone of 
mineralization.

stripping ratio - The ratio of waste material to ore that is experienced in 
mining an ore body.
<PAGE>
unpatented mining claim - A mining claim located on the public lands of the 
United States, for which a patent has not been issued.  An unpatented mining 
claim is a possessory interest only, subject to the paramount title of the 
United States.  The validity of an unpatented mining claim depends upon the 
existence of a valuable mineral deposit within the boundaries of the claim and 
compliance with mining codes.

Morning Star Mine

The Morning Star Mine property is located in San Bernardino County, California, 
approximately 70 miles south of Las Vegas, Nevada.  As of March 22, 1995, 
Vanderbilt controls a total of 59 unpatented lode claims in the Morning Star 
area (approximately 1,200 acres). Nearly 124 acres comprise the mine, leach 
pad, recovery plant, waste dumps and office, assay and maintenance facilities.  
Access to the property is by paved highway and four miles of gravel road which 
is maintained by the Company.

Gold mineralization at the Morning Star ore body is hosted entirely within late 
Jurassic Ivanpah Granite, and is associated with quartz plus calcite veins and 
stringers localized in the upper plate of the Morning Star thrust fault. Ore 
grade values typically persist 65 feet to 100 feet perpendicular from the 
Morning Star thrust fault plane into the upper plate. The gold is associated 
with pyrite, chalcopyrite, galena, sphalerite, and covelite (in the zone of 
secondary enrichment).

The ore reserve report prepared by independent geotechnical consultants based 
upon drill hole data obtained from 1974 through 1987, estimated  the proven and 
probable reserves at the Morning Star Mine, is 6,455,617 tons averaging 
approximately .048 ounces of gold per ton of ore.  The planned production 
capacity of the leach and recovery facilities is sufficient to produce between 
one and two thousand ounces of gold per month.

La Sierra Concession, State of Durango, Mexico

In January, 1995, the Company entered into an agreement with Rosarence wherein 
the Company will fund certain development and exploration activities to be 
performed by Rosarence on a 67,000 acre concession, known as La Sierra, located 
near Palmar, State of Durango, Mexico. The Company also acquired a one year 
option to acquire a specified portion of the La Sierra Concession and the 
option to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Rosarence at no further 
cost.  The exploration concession granted by the Mexican government in 
September 23, 1992, specifically mentions that the minerals for which the 
concession was granted are gold, silver, lead, copper, zinc, tungsten and 
antimony. Preliminary sampling has definitely identified gold, silver and 
copper potentials. Later, in 1995, an application was filed to convert the 
concession to an "Exploration Concession" and reduce the size to about 32,000 
acres retaining all known mineral prospects.
<PAGE>
In September, 1995, the Company exercised its option to acquire the concession, 
and all of the outstanding shares of Rosarence.  All payments, which consisted 
of 1.8 million common shares of Vanderbilt plus $200,000, have been made with 
the exception of two quarterly payments of $30,000 each which are due and 
payable in 1996. The shares of Vanderbilt must be traded at a price equal to 
$1.00 (median of Bid and Ask quotes) for a 15 day period by September 27, 1996 
or the difference between the actual traded price and $1.00 will be paid by the 
Company in either cash or stock with a value equal to the difference. The 
manner of payment is at the discretion of the former owners of Rosarence.

Las Coloradas Concessions, State of Durango, Mexico

On December 22, 1995 Vanderbilt entered into a joint venture with Cosalteca, 
Guardian and Viscount relating to Cosalteca's 12,000 acre Las Coloradas 
concession group in the Sierra Madre mining district.  The agreement requires 
Vanderbilt to issue to Cosalteca 700,000 common shares as its initial 
contribution to earn a 17.15% interest in  the joint venture.  The shares of 
the Company were not issued as of December 31, 1995.  The company holds a two 
year option to increase its interest to at least 42.65%.  The shares of 
Vanderbilt must be traded at a price equal to $1.00 (median of Bid and Ask 
quotes) for a 15 day period by February 22, 1997 or the difference between the 
actual traded price and $1.00 will be paid by the Company in either cash or 
stock with a value equal to the difference. The manner of payment is at the 
discretion of Cosalteca.

Formerly, the mines and prospects were divided among numerous holdings too 
small to attract sufficient developmental capital to efficiently develop the 
district. These holdings have been combined into a 12,000 acre concession group 
covering all of the known mines and prospects as well as the structures in 
which the  precious metal mineralization occurs.  A mill and ancillary 
infrastructure is already in place. A new shaft, which will provide the means 
to mine more efficiently, has already been started.

At present, no data is available as to reserves for the La Sierra concession, 
whether proven or probable.

Office Facilities

The Company currently leases its office space at 4625 Wynn Road, Suite 103, Las 
Vegas, Nevada, on a month-to-month basis at a rental of $770.00 per month.
<PAGE>
Risk Inherent in the Mining Business

Mineral exploration and development is highly speculative and involves 
significant risks.  The majority of exploratory projects fail to discover 
mineralization sufficient to be commercially exploited.  All mineral properties 
are subject to hazards and risks normally incident to the subsurface geological 
structures which can abruptly terminate mineralization, difficult metallurgical 
problems which can inhibit the economic recovery of minerals, changes in the 
world prices for the mineral being mined and produced, and environmental 
restraints and conditions imposed by Federal, State, and County agencies which 
may make it economically impractical to operate.

Fluctuation in Metal Prices

The profitability of Vanderbilt's operations is often directly related to the 
world market prices of gold and silver.  The market price of both gold and 
silver can fluctuate widely and are influenced by numerous factors beyond the 
control of Vanderbilt, such as the rate of inflation (domestic and foreign), 
interest rates, economic or political crisis, as well as a number of other 
factors.  If the market price of gold and silver should drop dramatically, the 
value of Vanderbilt's properties could also drop and the Company may not be 
able to recover its investment in these properties.

Item 3.  Legal Proceeding

In October and November 1992 a misdemeanor jury trial was held in San 
Bernardino County (California) Municipal Court, which resulted in ten guilty 
verdicts against Vanderbilt and ten guilty verdicts against its President, John 
F. Jordan, Jr., for environmental violations.  These verdicts resulted in fines 
totaling $90,000 for each of Vanderbilt and Mr. Jordan.  Vanderbilt and Mr. 
Jordan both filed an appeal to an Appellate Panel of the Superior Court of San 
Bernardino County to each of these convictions.  That appeal was denied. The 
Company has filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus with the Federal 
District Court, Central District of California. That Petition is pending with 
the court. The final determination of this matter is uncertain.  Following his 
death in July, 1995 the fine against Mr. Jordan's estate was terminated.

A lawsuit was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for 
the County of Santa Barbara against the company entitled Patricia R. Eubank v. 
Vanderbilt Gold Corp., Case No. SM93578 for monies alleged to be owing pursuant 
to a lease under which Vanderbilt was a tenant relating to certain mining 
claims.  Management disputed the contention that monies were owing due to 
termination of the lease by the company.  However, in order to compromise a 
disputed claim and to avoid additional attorney's fees and costs, Management 
has now reached a settlement with Plaintiffs.  The terms of the settlement 
include payment by Vanderbilt of $2,500, issuance of 50,000 shares of common 
stock, termination of the lease and a full general release of all claims by 
Plaintiffs and Vanderbilt.
<PAGE>
In 1992 eight individual creditors instituted litigation to enforce collection 
of amounts due to them.  The aggregate principal amount of debt owed by the 
Company was $236,184, not including interest and attorney's fees. During 1992 
all of the creditors obtained judgments against Vanderbilt for the amounts due, 
including interest and attorney's fees.  In 1993 and 1994, a corporation owned 
by two of the Company's directors, purchased $112,542 of the original amount of 
the debt.  This was then converted into the Company's common stock at $.16 per 
share (703,382 shares).

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

The Company did not submit any matters to a vote of security holders during the 
last quarter of the year ended December 31, 1995.

PART II

Item 5. Market for Company's Common Equity and related Stockholder Matters

The Company's common shares are traded upon the NASDAQ Electronic Bulletin 
Board System.  The following table sets forth the range of high and low 
quarterly closing sales prices for Vanderbilt's common stock for years ended 
December 31, 1995 and 1994.

Years Ended December 31,

1995                            High            Low
First Quarter                   9/32            3/16
Second Quarter                  9/32            3/16
Third Quarter                   7/32            9/64
Fourth Quarter                  9/64            7/64

1994                            High            Low
First Quarter                    3/8             1/4
Second Quarter                  5/16            3/32
Third Quarter                    3/8            3/32
Fourth Quarter                  9/32            5/32

As of April 15, 1996 there were approximately 3,430 identified holders of 
record of the Company's common stock.

The Company has never declared a dividend and does not anticipate doing so in 
the foreseeable future.
<PAGE>
Item 6. Selected Financial Data

The following selected financial data set forth for the years ended December 
31, 1995, 1994, 1993, 1992, and 1991 have been derived from the financial 
statements of the Company but is not covered by the accountant's reports on the 
financial statements.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(In thousands except per share amounts)
Years Ended December 31,           1995    1994    1993     1992    1991
Net sales on operating revenues      29      14      61      101     689
Loss from continuing operations     680     708     420    1,031   2,590
Loss from continuing operations
 per common share                   .02     .03     .03      .08     .21
Net loss                            637     709     527    1,206   2,858
Net loss per common share           .02     .03     .03      .09     .23
Extraordinary item:
 Gain on sale of investments          -       -       -        -      10
 Gain on sale of investments
  per common share                    -       -       -        -       -
Cash dividends declared
 per common share                     -       -       -        -       -
At year end:
Total assets                       3,476   3,292   3,028    3,280   3,905
Long term obligations                 45      45      47       91      91
Working capital (deficit)         (1,332)   (698) (2,330)  (1,624)    536
Accumulated depreciation and
 amortization                      8,000   6,910   6,860    7,572   7,187
Shareholders' equity (deficit)     1,230   1,416   1,356      (11)  1,189

Item 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS 
OF OPERATIONS

General commentary

In 1995 Vanderbilt Gold Corporation acquired an interest in two precious metal 
bearing properties in Mexico as well as continuing modernization of the Morning 
Star facilities.

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the 
audited financial statements starting at Item 8.

The Morning Star is located in the Ivanpah Valley of San Bernardino County, 
California.  Mining was discontinued in 1990.  Under a newly arranged letter of 
understanding with Guardian and Viscount, management expects the mine to reopen 
during 1996, initially as an underground mine using a more efficient and 
environmentally friendly processing system, to produce about 1,450 ounces per 
month.  The underground phase of mining, scheduled to begin in 1996, should be 
completed in about 28 months, using less than 15% of the reserves.  Open pit 
operations can resume after new permitting is in place.
<PAGE>
Vanderbilt Gold Corporation purchased a 100% interest in the 32,000 acre La 
Sierra exploitation concession in Durango, Mexico.  The concession includes at 
least five high grade but fairly thin gold vein systems which resemble deposits 
in Grass Valley, California, a large multi - vein quartz tourmaline prospect 
known as El Rincon, which appears similar to Hemlo in Canada, and a very old 
bonanza type silver mine known as Chirimoya that was originally mined 
underground on three levels.  Redevelopment began in 1995.  Old working faces 
contained some silver grades exceeding 180 ounces per ton. More work is 
required to assess the grade and reserve potential of this mine.

Vanderbilt also purchased a 17.15% interest in Cosalteca's 12,000 acre Las 
Coloradas concession group in the Sierra Madre mining district.  The company 
holds an option to increase its interest to at least 42.65%. Formerly, the 
mines and prospects were divided among numerous holdings too small to attract 
sufficient developmental capital to efficiently develop the district, These 
holdings have been combined into a concession group covering all of the known 
mines and prospects as well as the structures in which the precious metal 
mineralization occurs.  A mill and ancillary infrastructure are already in 
place.  A new shaft, which will provide the means to mine more efficiently, 
will be completed in 1996.  High grade gold ore pockets have been found to 
contain grades exceeding 3 ounces per ton.  Sale of concentrates from this 
concession is expected to begin in 1996.

Results of operations

The following financial and operational data highlight and summarize the 
Company's results of operations and financial position, for the periods 
indicated (in thousands except percentages, per share and per ounce amounts):

                                             1995     1994    1993
Overburden and waste removed (tons)             0        0       0
Ore Mined (tons)                                0        0       0
Payable Gold (troy ounces): 
Produced                                        0        0       0
Sold                                           77       36*     12
Payable Silver (troy ounces): 
Produced                                        0        0       0
Sold                                            0        33*     1
Average Realization:
Gold (per payable ounce)                     $380      $373   $334
Silver (per payable ounce)                      -     $5.16  $3.64

Estimated troy ounces of recoverable gold
 remaining on the heap leach pads
                                            2,372     2,449  2,449
<PAGE>
Operating Loss                                680       708    420
Net Loss                                      637       709    527
Net Cash Used in Operations                   182       329     87
Net Cash (used in) Provided by 
  Investing Activities                        421       (93)     6
Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities     114       539    117
Loss per Common Share                         .02       .03    .03
Total Assets                                3,476     3,292  3,028
Total Liabilities                           2,246     1,876  1,672
Accumulated Deficit                        24,055    23,418 22,709
Shareholders' Equity                        1,230     1,416  1,356
Working Capital Deficit                     1,331       698    726

*Metals recovered from the spent carbon removed from the recovery tanks.

During 1995, the Company continued general reclamation activities at the 
Morning Star Mine, restructured its debts, raised limited funds through private 
placements.

The low level of gold production for 1991 through 1995 did not provide the 
necessary revenues with which the Company could mine any new ore, remove any 
waste or overburden, or fund day to day operations.  Beginning in 1990 and 
continuing in 1991 and 1992, numerous production difficulties were encountered 
at the Morning Star Mine, which has been Vanderbilt's principal operating 
facility.  These difficulties resulted in an obvious decline in the amount of 
gold and silver recovered from the ore on the heap leach pads but continued to 
consume costs at a high rate.  In August, 1990, management suspended mining 
operations (other than leaching), reduced the workforce and implemented other 
cost reduction measures.  These measures remained in effect through 1994.  In 
1995, the work to revamp the recovery system to increase overall precious metal 
recovery and make the entire system more environmentally friendly began.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company ended the year of 1995 with a working capital deficit of $1,332,000 
as opposed to a year end deficit for 1994 of $698,000. 1995 saw an decrease in 
overall cash flow of $152,000 as compared to a cash flow increase of $117,000 
for 1994.  The cash and cash equivalent balances at year end 1995 of $1,000 as 
opposed to $153,000 at year end 1994 is a result of the Company's lack of 
funding through operations or capital raising efforts.  During 1995 Vanderbilt 
was able to raise $114,000 as compared to $548,000 in 1994.  Current 
liabilities increased by $370,000 during 1995 due to increases in accounts 
payable, accrued expenses and short-term borrowings.

<PAGE>
As stated in the general Commentary to this Management Discussion and Narrative 
Analysis, Management was been able to reduce current liabilities by December 
31, 1993 by $1,575,000 or 49% from the December 31, 1992 level.  While this was 
not enough to restore working capital to a positive balance from a deficit 
position, the working capital deficit was reduced by $1,604,000 by year end 
1993 from the 1992 year end level. $133,000 in cash was raised through private 
placements; the related commissions were paid in common stock.  The Company was 
able to negotiate with creditors and retire $902,000 in prior accounts payable, 
pay $72,000 of current expenses, pay amounts due related parties of $19,000, 
reduce notes payable - other of $400,000, reduce accrued interest of $60,000, 
and settle deferred revenues - gold sales of $1 18,000 all with common stock in 
debt restructuring, Another $100,000 in accounts payable and $48,000 in amounts 
due to related parties were paid with Series A Preferred Stock.  In total, the 
Company issued approximately 11,000,000 common shares for a value of $1,846,000 
(average $0.1678 per share) and 9,670 Series A Preferred Shares for a value of 
$148,000 (average $0.153 per share).  These shares were subsequently converted 
to common shares following approval by the stockholders to increase the number 
of common shares available.

The Company's continued existence and resumption of operations at the Mine and 
the continuation of evaluation, exploration and development of other mineral 
properties, including the La Sierra concessions, are dependent upon its ability 
to raise additional capital for these purposes through private placements, 
restructuring of debt, joint venture and other financing arrangements.  The 
company has already obtained the financing necessary to bring the mines at Las 
Coloradas into full production.

Inflation and Other Factors Influencing Future Performance

The impact of inflation on Vanderbilt's operations can vary.  The future price 
of gold and the level of interest rates could directly affect the Company's 
future operating revenues and/or net profits.  Low interest rates and higher 
gold prices may enhance the value of Vanderbilt's investment in its mining 
operations.  Renewed interest in gold and silver as commodities or for 
investment could also increase profitability and add to shareholder equity.  
Falling prices, on the other hand could have the opposite effect.

Vanderbilt's future operating results depend upon its success in locating, 
acquiring and producing commercial quantities of gold and other minerals from 
properties it already has and in acquiring new properties with short term cash 
flow potential.

Since Vanderbilt does not yet have any regular and dependable source of 
revenues, increases in inflation could cause costs and expenses to exceed 
anticipated or budgeted amounts.
<PAGE>
Vanderbilt's management does not believe that inflation has or will, in the 
foreseeable future, adversely affect its income or loss from continuing 
operations.  However, economic conditions, certain hazards and risks inherent 
to the mining industry in general, as well as environmental factors, could 
adversely affect income and cash flow from operations.

Environmental

In 1995, all operating permits were maintained.  A county permit, which largely 
consists of reclamation plans, must be filed with San Bernardino County as the 
previously held permit has expired.  The Company plans to do so as soon as 
funding for the fees and preparation costs are obtained.  Management does not 
believe that, if properly applied for, the permit will be withheld.

Reclamation of leach pad No. 1 is partly completed.  The company expects to 
fill in the pregnant pond, establish the monitoring system, contour the pad and 
plant native vegetation on it in accordance with the plan already approved by 
the California Water Quality Control Board as soon as practicable.

In April, 1993, the BLM served Vanderbilt with a request that the Morning Star 
Mine "Plan of Operation be amended.  A "Plan of Operation" filed with the BLM 
is, in effect, a permit to operate the mine which is located on public land.  
Vanderbilt has filed the "Revised Plan of Operation" to the BLM pursuant to 
that request.  Administration of the public lands on which Morning Star Mine is 
located has now passed to the NPS.  The plan, as submitted to BLM is now part 
of the files held by the NPS.

During 1991 and continuing through early 1994, Vanderbilt had been actively 
detoxifying heap leach pad No. 1 and has now obtained reclassification and 
closure from the regulatory authorities that it has been so detoxified. The 
same procedure that was used to detoxify pad No. 1 is being used to detoxify 
pad No. 2.

Conclusion

In January, 1995 the Company signed an Agreement with Rosarence, a Mexican 
Corporation, headquartered in Culiacan, Sinaloa, Mexico wherein the Company 
will fund certain development and exploration activities to be performed by 
Rosarence at a 67,000 acre concession in the State of Durango, Mexico.  Later 
in 1995, an application was filled to convert the concession to an 
"Exploitation Concession" and reduce it in size to about 32,000 acres 
containing all known mineral prospects.  Preliminary sampling has identified 
gold, silver and copper potentials.  In September, 1995, the Company exercised 
its option to acquire the concession and all of the outstanding shares of 
Rosarence.

During the first and second quarters of 1995, the Company recovered and 
processed about 77 ounces of gold from the heap leach solutions underlying heap 
leach pad #2 at the Morning Star Mine, demonstrating that the current process 
and the equipment in place are both functional.
<PAGE>
New Accounting Pronouncements

"Accounting for the Impairment of Long - Lived Assets and for Long - Lived 
Assets to Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS No. 121") was issued by the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in March 1995. SFAS No. 121 requires, for 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995, that an entity review long- 
lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and that 
an impairment loss be recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of 
the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.  The Company will adopt SFAS No. 
121 effective January 1, 1996. The adoption is not expected to have a material 
effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.

"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," ("SFAS No. 123") was issued by the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board in October 1995.  SFAS No. 123 establishes 
financial and reporting standards for stock- based employee compensation plans, 
which will be effective for the Company's 1996 consolidated financial 
statements.  SFAS No. 123 encourages, but does not require, the adoption of a 
fair-value-based method of accounting for such plans in place of current 
accounting standards.  Companies electing to continue their existing accounting 
method must make pro forma disclosures of net income as if the fair-value-based 
method  had been applied.  The Company  is evaluating SFAS  No. 123 and has not 
decided whether it will adopt the new accounting method.

Management's Responsibility for Financial Reporting

Vanderbilt Gold Corporation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Vanderbilt Gold 
Corporation and Subsidiaries are prepared by the Company's management in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  Management is 
responsible for the fairness of the financial statements, which include 
estimates based on judgments.

The Company maintains accounting and other control systems which management 
believes provide reasonable assurance that financial records are reliable for 
the purposes of preparing financial statements and the assets are properly 
safeguarded and accounted for.  Underlying the concept of reasonable assurance 
is the premise that the cost of controls should not be disproportion are to the 
benefits expected to be derived from such controls.  The Company's internal 
control structure is reviewed by its internal auditors and by the independent 
auditors in connection with their audit of the Company's consolidated financial 
statements.
<PAGE>
The external auditors conduct an independent audit of the consolidated 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards 
in order to express their opinion on these financial statements.  These 
standards require that the external auditors plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed entirely of outside 
directors, meets periodically with management, internal auditors and the 
external auditors to discuss the annual audit, internal control, internal 
auditing, and financial reporting matters.  The external auditors and the 
internal auditors have direct access to the Audit Committee.

/S Keith Fegert

Keith Fegert
Chief Executive Officer


/S Howard Urband
Howard Urband
Vice President

April 18, 1996
<PAGE>
Item 8. Financial Statements

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The Board of Directors Vanderbilt Gold Corporation

I have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vanderbilt Gold 
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the related 
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity 
(deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 1995.  These consolidated financial statements are the 
responsibility of the Company's management.  My responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on my audit.

I conducted my audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards.  
Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis 
for my opinion.

In my opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Vanderbilt Gold 
Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and the results of 
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period 
ended December 31, 1995 in conformity with generally accepted accounting 
principles.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming 
the Company will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 1 to the 
financial statements, the Company's recurring losses from operations and 
accumulated deficit raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to 
continue as a going concern.  Management's plans in regard to these matters are 
also described in Note 1.  The consolidated financial statements do not include 
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of reported 
asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might 
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/S Keith J. Rosen
Keith J. Rosen
Certified Public Accountant
Sherman Oaks, California
April 18, 1996
<PAGE>

                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
                          Consolidated Balance Sheets
                           December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                  In Thousands

                                                December 31,
                                         1995                1994
ASSETS
Current Assets

  Cash and cash equivalents      $          1           $     153
  Accounts receivable - Trade               2                  68
  Employee advances receivable             23                  23
  Due from related parties                  -                  17
  Inventories                             837                 867
  Prepaid and other assets                  6                   5
  
    Total Current Assets                  869               1,133
 
Property, Plant and Equipment           2,607               2,159
 
Total Assets                     $      3,476           $   3,292
 
                             LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
 Current Liabilities
  Accounts payable               $      1,202          $    1,062
  Accrued expenses                        171                 124
  Accounts payable - Related parties       67                   -
  Accrued payroll                         505                 512
  Notes payable - Other                   123                   -
  Deferred revenue - Gold sales            95                  95
  Gold loan payable                        38                  38
 
    Total Current Liabilities           2,201               1,831
  
Long Term Liabilities                      45                  45
  
Stockholder's Equity                    1,230               1,415
 
Total Liabilities and Equity     $      3,476          $    3,291

                  The accompanying notes are an integral part
                   of the consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>
                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
                     Consolidated Statements of Operations
              For the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                      In Thousands (except share amounts)

                                         1995          1994           1993
Revenue from Sales:
  Bullion sales                      $     29      $     14       $      4
  Other revenue                             -             -             57
 
Total Revenue from Sales                   29            14             61

Mining Expenses:
  Mine maintenance costs                  153           215            154
  Depreciation, depletion
   and amortization                        59            59            104
  Exploration costs                       177            51              -

Total Mining Expenses                     389           325            258

General & Administrative                  320           397            223

Total Expenses                            709           722            481

(Loss) From Operation                    (680)         (708)          (420)

Other Income and Expense: 
  Dividend income                           1             1              -
  Interest expense                        (10)          (37)           (72)
  Debt Cancellation income                 52            11            131
  Gain (loss) fixed assets                  -            (1)          (166)
  Gain on joint venture sale                -            25              -
                  
Total Other Income and Expense              43           (1)          (107)
 
Net Income                           $    (637)   $    (709)     $    (527)
 
Net loss per share                       $0.03        $0.03          $0.03
  
Weighted average shares outstanding     29,253       25,128         15,141

                  The accompanying notes are an integral part
                   of the consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE>
                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
                Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
             For the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993
                      In Thousands (except share amounts)
                 Common Stock       Preferred       Other    Accumulated
                Shares  Amount        Stock        Capital      Deficit   Total

Balances,
12/31/92        12,481  $  125  $       -        $  22,046   $ (22,182) $  (11)
Net loss             -       -          -                -        (527)   (527)
Sale of shares     740       7          -              126           -     133
Exercise of
 employee options   70       1          -               16           -      17
Common stock
 subscriptions     423       4          -               (2)          -       2
Common stock
 for services    6,038      60          -              925           -     985
Settlement of
 debt            3,806      38          -              571           -     609
Preferred stock
 for services        -       -         148               -           -     148
 
Balances,
12/31/93        23,558     235         148          23,682     (22,709)  1,356
 
Net loss             -       -           -               -        (709)   (709)
Sale of shares   3,072      31           -             384           -     415
Conversion of
 preferred shares  967      10        (148)            138           -       -
Common stock
 subscriptions       -       -           -             133           -      133
Common stock
 for services    1,159      11           -             175           -      186
Settlement of debt 220       3           -              32           -       35
  
Balances,
12/31/94        28,976     290           -          24,544     (23,418)   1,416

Net loss             -       -           -               -        (637)   (637)
Sale of shares   1,317      13           -             183           -     196
Subscribed shares
 issued              -       -           -            (128)          -    (128)
Common stock
 subscriptions       -       -            -             45           -      45
Common stock
 for property     1,800      18           -            320           -      338
 
Balances
12/31/95         32,093     321            -        24964       (24055)   1,230

                  The accompanying notes are an integral part
                   of the consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
             For the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993
                                  In Thousands
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                
1995             1994            1993
Operating activities: 
Net(Loss)                          $     (637)      $     (709)     $     (527)
Reconciliation to net cash
 provided (used) for
 operating activities:
   Depreciation, depletion and
     amortization                          63               63             109
Cancellation of debt                       52              (11)           (131)
Accrued reclamation costs                   -               (2)            (44)
Loss on disposal
 of fixed assets                            -                1             166
Deferred sales                              -               13              31
Common shares issued
 for expenses                               -               60              72
Effect of changes in
 working capital items:
Receivables - trade                        84              (86)              -
Receivables - related parties               -              (17)              -
Inventories                                30              (16)              2
Prepaids and other
 assets                                    (1)               2               5
Accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities                      279              373             230

Net cash used by
 operations                              (182)            (329)            (87)

Investing activities

Additions to property,
 plant and equipment                     (421)             (93)              -
Proceeds from asset
 sales                                      -                -               6
 
Net cash used for
 investing activities                    (421)             (93)              6
<PAGE>
Financing activities

Proceeds from sale
 of stock                                 114              548             133
Borrowings                                  -               10              12
Debt repayment                              -              (14)             (8)
Related parties payable -
 decrease                                   -               (5)            (26)
Related parties payable -
 increase                                   -                -               6
 
Net cash provided by
 financing activities                     114              539             117
 
Net increase (decrease)
 in cash and equivalents                 (152)             117              36
Cash and equivalents,
 beginning of period                      153               36               -
Cash and equivalents,
 end of period                     $        1      $       153      $       36

Interest paid                               -                1               -
Payment of payables
 with stock                                 -              163           1,082
Payment of payables
 with stock - related parties               -                 -              6
Purchase mineral property
 with stock                             1,800                 -              -
Payment of note payable
 with stock                                 -                10            400
Payment of payables
 with preferred stock                       -                 -            100
Payment of payables
 with preferred stock - related parties     -                 -             48

                  The accompanying notes are an integral part
                   of the consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
                          VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
                          Notes to FinancialStatements

GENERAL

Vanderbilt Gold Corporation ("VGC" or the "Company") is a gold exploration and 
development company based in Las Vegas, Nevada, with properties in California 
and Mexico.  The property in California has been placed on stand by and the 
properties in Mexico are awaiting development and/or exploration.  The emphasis 
of the Company has been on developing its properties in Mexico and reopening 
its Morning Star Mine in California.  

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the going 
concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction 
of liabilities in the normal course of  business. The Company's continued 
existence is dependent upon its  ability to achieve profitable operations, 
reduce its accounts payable and accrued expenses, realize its investment in 
inventories and to obtain additional financing.  Accordingly, the consolidated 
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating  to the overall 
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and 
classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary 
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern in its present 
form.

2.SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, which require 
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of assets and liabilities and disclosures at the date of the consolidated 
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during 
the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. A 
summary of the Company's significant accounting policies follows:

Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the Company, its subsidiaries and 
their undivided interests in joint ventures after elimination of intercompany 
accounts.  Undivided interests in joint ventures are reported using pro-rata 
consolidation which includes the Company's proportionate share of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses.  Investments in less than fifty percent owned 
entities over which the Company exercises significant influence are reported 
using the equity method of accounting.

Inventories

Inventories of ores (on the heap leach pad) and precious metals in process are 
valued at the lower of average cost or market.  Ore inventories include direct 
production costs, allocable operating overhead and allocable depreciation and 
amortization.  Materials and supplies are stated at the lower of cost, using 
the first-in, first-out method, or market.
<PAGE>
Mineral Properties and Mine Development Costs

Mineral property acquisition costs are capitalized.  Mine development costs, 
including those incurred in advance of commercial production and those incurred 
to expand capacity of existing mines, are capitalized.  Mine development costs 
incurred to maintain production at existing mines are expensed as incurred. 
Depletion and amortization related to capitalized mineral properties and mine 
development costs is computed using the units-of-production method based on 
proven and probable reserves.

Plant, Equipment, and Capitalized Interest

Plant, equipment, and capitalized interest are recorded at cost.  Depreciation 
of plant and equipment is computed using straight-line over the estimated lives 
of the assets (three to ten year.)  Costs of normal maintenance and repairs are 
expensed as incurred.

Exploration Costs

Exploration costs and costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties 
are charged against income as incurred.

Reclamation Costs

Costs expected to be incurred for reclamation are estimated using current 
environmental and regulatory requirements and are expensed over the estimated 
life of the property, principally using the units-of- production.

Accounting for Income Taxes

The Company uses an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and 
reporting for income taxes.  If the required accounting results in a net 
deferred asset, some or all of which may not be realized, the Company 
establishes a valuation allowance to reduce the net asset.
<PAGE>
Property Evaluation

Recoverability of investments in mineral properties and related plant and 
equipment is periodically evaluated. The Company evaluates operating properties 
utilizing estimated future cash flows from proven and probable reserves based 
on current and projected estimates of production and reclamation costs and 
metals prices, and capital requirements.  Evaluation of non-operating 
properties incorporates the use of estimates of expected development costs of 
known mineralization, costs to hold the property, future capital cost estimates 
to bring the property into production and expected production costs and metals 
prices.  Future costs and metals prices are estimated using historical and 
current information as a basis for the projections.  Investments in mineral 
properties in excess of expected future net cash flows that are deemed to be 
other than temporary are written off when that determination is made.  
Properties which have not been explored or evaluated sufficiently to determine 
whether development of the property, a write-down is recorded to reflect 
management's best estimate of the net realizable value of the assets and an 
accrual for estimated reclamation and closure costs is recorded.

Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three 
months or less at the date of purchase.

Deferred Financing Costs

Costs incurred in obtaining financing through the issuance of promissory notes 
are amortized and expensed over the life of the note.  The unamortized portion 
of deferred financing costs for convertible promissory notes that are converted 
into common stock are charged to contributed capital.  Costs incurred to issue 
common stock through private placements are charged to other capital.

Foreign Currency

The US dollar is the Company's functional and reporting currency.  All 
significant transactions of foreign subsidiaries are recorded in US dollars and 
accordingly, the resulting foreign exchange gains and losses, if any, are 
immaterial.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share

The number of shares used to calculate per share information for the periods 
presented are based on the weighted average number of common shares and common 
share equivalents outstanding during each period.

Reclassifications

Certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements for prior periods have 
been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement 
presentation. Such reclassifications have had no impact on the amount of net 
loss(es) reported.
<PAGE>
3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

The Company entered into a Gold Loan in November, 1990 with Brenda, Inc. It 
borrowed 653  ounces of gold which were simultaneously sold at $383.10 per 
ounce and the Company received the proceeds of $250,164.30.  Under the terms of 
the Loan Agreement and the related Security Agreement, the loan bears interest, 
payable monthly, of 3.53% per annum on the outstanding dollar value of the 
unpaid gold ounces computed daily using the London afternoon fixing price.  The 
Loan Agreement provides for repayment by the Company delivering 100 ounces of 
gold to Brenda Inc. each month from January to April, 1991, 125 ounces in May, 
1991, and 128 ounces in June, 1991.  Virtually all of the Company's assets are 
pledged as collateral for this loan under the Security Agreement until the loan 
is paid in full.  At December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, 100 ounces remained 
undelivered. The President engaged in financial transactions with the Company 
during 1995, 1994 and 1993.  Following is a summary of the financial 
transactions between the Company and this related party:

                                            1995           1994          1993
Loan balance, beginning of year       $  (17,000) $       5,000  $     74,000
Additional loans during the year               -         21,000         6,000
Transfer of accounts payable balance      17,000              -         2,000
Expense reports submitted                      -          3,000         9,000
Cash repayments                                -        (46,000)      (26,000)
Exercise of employee stock options             -              -       (12,000)
Repayment of loan with Series A
 Preferred Stock                               -              -       (48,000)
Repayment of loan with Common Stock,           -              -             -

Loan (Receivable) balance, end of year, $      0  $     (17,000) $      5,000

4.PROPERTY, PLANT, EQUIPMENT AND MINING PROPERTIES - NET:

Property, plant, equipment and mining properties, accumulated depreciation and 
amortization and range of estimated lives as of December 31, 1995 and 1994 are 
as follows (in thousands):

                               Lives                   1995              1994

                             Units of
Minig properties            production             $  8,501         $   8,019
Plant and equipment            5-10                   1,080             1,050

                                                      9,581             9,069
Less:  Accumulated depreciation and 
Amortization                                         (6,974)           (6,910)

Net property, plant and equipment                 $   2,607         $   2,159
<PAGE>
5.INVENTORIES:

Inventories at December 31, consist of the following (in thousands):

                                                       1995              1994

Ore (on Heap Leach Pad and in process)                  835               856
Materials and supplies                                    2                11

Total                                            $      837         $     867

Management believes that 2,372 ounces of gold remains in the heap leach pad at 
December 31, 199 and that they are recoverable over a several year period, 
depending upon  the level of mine and refinery operations.

6.INCOME TAXES:

The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting 
Standards ("SFAS")  No. 109 effective January 1, 1993.  Adoption of SFAS No. 
109 had no material impact upon the financial statements of the Company.  The 
Company has no computable material timing differences for any items of income 
or deductions for 1995, 1994 or 1993 which could give rise to any material 
deferred income taxes.  The Company has available at December 31, 1995, 
estimated federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 
$13,000,000 which expire in varying amounts between 1997 and 2010.  It also has 
net investment tax credits of $23,000 which expire in varying  amounts between 
the years 1995 and 2004.  A write off of the Mine Lease Intangible in the 
amount of $6,154,000 which the Company recorded in 1990 is not a deduction for 
income tax purposes until the Company has ceased operations at, disposed of the 
Morning Star Mine or recorded amortization for tax purposes  which fully 
expenses the remaining balance.

7.RENTAL EXPENSE AND LEASE COMMITMENTS:

Morning Star Mine

The Company leases six unpatented lode mining claims from unrelated parties.  
The lease commenced on October 24, 1973, and was scheduled to expire in October 
of 1993; however, the lease provides that it will continue so long as the 
lessee is conducting exploration, development or mining operations on the 
property.  The Company is obligated to pay a monthly royalty equal to the 
greater of $1,000 or 5% of the net smelter receipts.  The Company was obligated 
for the payment of  royalties of $12,000 for each of 1995, 1994 and 1993.  
Vanderbilt may cancel this lease at its option.

Office Lease

The Company rents its principal offices on Wynn Road in Las Vegas, Nevada, on a 
month to month basis at $770 per month, with the last month's rent prepaid.
<PAGE>
8.STOCK OPTIONS:

Incentive Stock Option Plans:

At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 6, 1989, the Stockholders 
approved the Company's 1989 Stock Option Plan.  This plan provides for the 
discretionary grant of up to 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock as 
incentive stock options to officers and other key employees and for the 
automatic grant of certain non-qualified stock options to non-employee 
directors.  At the Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on June 16, 1994, the 
Stockholders approved amending the 1989 Stock Option Plan to authorize the 
eligibility of certain consultants to be granted options and to increase the 
number of shares available for grant under the Plan from 500,000 to 1,000,000 
shares of Common Stock.  The 1989 Stock Option Plan transactions during 1995, 
1994 and 1993 are shown below:

Number of Shares                         1995             1994            1993
 
Balance at January 1:                 725,000          102,000         174,500
  Authorized increase in shares             -          500,000               -
  Options granted                     100,000          645,000           5,000
  Options exercised                     -               -              (70,000)
  Average price                         -               -                $0.24
  Options lapsed or terminated        330,000          (22,000)         (7,500)

At December 31: 
  Options outstanding                 495,000          725,000         102,000
  Average price                         $0.23            $0.25           $0.64
  Options available for grant         505,000          275,000         398,000

Outstanding options in the amount of 395,000 expire in 1995 and 100,000 expire 
in 2000.

9.FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying and fair value of the Company's financial instruments at December 
31, 1995 were as follows:

                               Carrying Value       Fair Value

Cash equivalents                         $  1             $  1
Receivable                               $ 25             $ 25
Long-term debt                           $ 45             $ 45
<PAGE>
9.DEFERRED REVENUE - GOLD SALES:

The Company entered into forward gold sale arrangements with four parties 
between June and  August, 1990.  Under the arrangements, the company agreed to 
deliver a total of 900 ounces of gold on varying delivery dates commencing in 
December, 1990 through March, 1991.   The Company received a total of $266,500 
(average price per ounce $296.11) in cash proceeds at the time the contracts 
were entered into.  Between October, 1991 and April, 1994, three of the parties 
agreed to accept common shares as payment in lieu of gold delivery..  As part 
of the debt restructuring in 1994, $25,000 (85 ounces) of these contracts was 
settled with 156,875 common shares (at $0.16 per share).  As a part of the debt 
restructuring in 1993, the Company was able to settle $118,000 of these 
contracts (400 ounces) for 933,000 shares of common stock at $0.16 per share. 
During 1994, the Company entered into a gold contract with an unrelated party 
wherein the Company sold 166.66 ounces of gold at $300.00 per ounce under a 
delivery schedule projected to commence in November 1994 and conclude by 
November 1995. The Company guaranteed the buyer a minimum 10% return should the 
price  of gold at the dates of delivery  be below $330.00 per ounce.  The 
Company received $50,000 in proceeds at the effective date of the contract.  
This contract has been extended until November 1996.

10.PREFERRED STOCK:

On December 30, 1993, the Board of Directors by written consent authorized the 
Company to issue 9,670 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.  100,000 shares of 
the authorized 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock was designated that date by 
the Board of Directors as Series A Preferred Stock.  This Series A Preferred 
Stock is not entitled to receive dividends, has a $1.00 per share preference 
upon liquidation, has the right to share ratably with others entitled to 
liquidation preferences, and has voting rights equal to the number of common 
shares into which the preferred could be converted.  Each share of the Series A 
Preferred Stock is convertible into 100 shares of common stock; except that in 
the event of a change of control each Series A preferred share shall be 
convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock.  For this purpose, a change of 
control of the Company not approved by at least 75% of the directors prior to 
such change of control, includes the acquisition by a single holder or a group 
acting in concert, of such number of shares of common stock or other securities 
of the Company so as to permit the holder or affiliated holders to cause the 
election of at least one-third of the directors of the Company. The Company had 
the option to convert the Series A Preferred Stock into common shares at any 
time up to and including December 31, 1994; thereafter the holder(s) of such 
preferred  shares have the right to require conversion. 6,670 shares at $14.99 
per share of the Series A Preferred Stock were issued December 30, 1993 in 
payment of $100,000 of accounts payable to an unrelated party and 3,000 shares 
at $16.00 per share were issued to the Chairman of the Board and President in 
payment of $48,000 which he had loaned to the Company. On October 10, 1994, the 
Board of Directors exercised the conversion right and all of the Series A 
Preferred Stock was converted into common stock.
<PAGE>
11.CONTINGENCIES:

In September and October, 1992, a misdemeanor jury trial was held in  San 
Bernardino County  (California) Municipal Court, which resulted in ten guilty 
verdicts against Vanderbilt and ten guilty verdicts against its President, Mr. 
John F. Jordan, Jr., for environmental violations.  These verdicts resulted in 
fines totaling $90,000 for each (grand total $180,000).  The Company and Mr. 
Jordan have filed an appeal to an Appellate Panel in the Superior Court of San 
Bernardino County against each of the ten misdemeanor convictions. It would be 
premature to attempt to predict the eventual outcome of the Company's appeal.   
A provision for the Company's fine was recorded in the 1992 financial 
statements. In April, 1993, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) served 
Vanderbilt with a request that the Morning Star Mine "Plan of Operation" be 
amended.  A "Plan of Operation" filed with the BLM is, in effect, a permit to 
operate the mine which is located on public land. Vanderbilt has filed a 
"Revised Plan of Operation" to the BLM pursuant to their request. Like other 
companies, Vanderbilt is subject to the existing and evolving standards 
relating to the protection of the environment.  It has established a reserve 
for reclamation for those costs it can estimate that it will probably incur 
when the operations at the Mine finally cease.  However, Vanderbilt is subject 
to contingencies as a result of changing environmental laws and regulations.  
The related future cost is indeterminable due to such factors as the unknown 
timing and extent of corrective actions which may be required and due to the 
application of joint and several liability.  Vanderbilt believes that those 
costs will not have a material adverse effect on its operations or financial 
position.

In January, 1995, the Company entered into an agreement with Rosarence wherein 
the Company will fund certain development and exploration activities to be 
performed by Rosarence on a 67,000 acre concession, known as La Sierra, located 
near Palmar, State of Durango, Mexico.  In September, 1995, the Company 
exercised its option to acquire the concession, and all of the outstanding 
shares of Rosarence.  All payments, which consisted of 1.8 million common 
shares of Vanderbilt plus $200,000, have been made with the exception of two 
quarterly payments of $30,000 each which are due and payable in 1996. The 
shares of Vanderbilt must be traded at a price equal to $1.00 (median of Bid 
and Ask quotes) for a 15 day period by September 27, 1996 or the difference 
between the actual traded price and $1.00 will be paid by the Company in either 
cash or stock with a value equal to the difference. The manner of payment is at 
the discretion of the former owners of Rosarence.  The amount of any future 
payments, if any, are not determinable at this time.
<PAGE>
On December 22, 1995 Vanderbilt entered into a joint venture with Cosalteca, 
Guardian and Viscount relating to Cosalteca's 12,000 acre Las Coloradas 
concession group in the Sierra Madre mining district.  The agreement requires 
Vanderbilt to issue to Cosalteca 700,000 common shares as its initial 
contribution to earn a 17.15% interest in  the joint venture.  The shares of 
the Company were not issued as of December 31, 1995.  The company holds a two 
year option to increase its interest to at least 42.65%.  The shares of 
Vanderbilt must be traded at a price equal to $1.00 (median of Bid and Ask 
quotes) for a 15 day period by February 22, 1997 or the difference between the 
actual traded price and $1.00 will be paid by the Company in either cash or 
stock with a value equal to the difference. The manner of payment is at the 
discretion Cosalteca. The amount of any future payments, if any, are not 
determinable at this time.

12.SUPPLEMENTARY MINERAL RESERVE INFORMATION (unaudited):

An ore reserve report was prepared by independent geotechnical consultants, 
Exploration & Development Associates, Inc. and Geomath, Inc. based upon data 
developed from drilling performed between 1984 and 1987.  As of December 1995, 
the proven reserves consisted of 3,517,617 tons of ore averaging .058 ounces of 
gold per ton; proven and probable reserves consisted of 6,455,617 tons of .048 
ounces of gold per ton or ore.  A proposed modification to the recovery 
facilities will be sufficient to produce between 1,000 and 2,000 ounces of gold 
per month when the equipment and modifications are completed and placed in 
service.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 
Financial Disclosure

None.

PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Company

The following table sets forth certain information about the executive officers 
and directors of Vanderbilt as of December 31, 1994:

Name                         Age       Position with Vanderbilt
Tom D. Scott                  67       Chairman of the Board of Directors since
                                       June 1994; President and Chairman of the
                                       Board of Directors form 1980-1987;
                                       Director 1971-1987, 1994- Present
Keith Fegert                  34       President and Treasurer since July 1995;
                                       Director since 1994
Howard T. Urband              64       Vice President, Secretary, and Director;
                                       Vice President since 1989;Secretary
                                       since 1990; Director since 1989
Ted E. Slanker                77       Director since 1974
Bernard O. Brynelsen          84       Director since 1984
Barry L. Adams                34       Director since 1994
<PAGE>
Tom D. Scott is a regional director of Document, Inc., a manufacturer of 
electronic financial document delivery systems.

Howard T. Urband was President and director of Heavy Metals Development 
Corporation, a former wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanderbilt Gold Corporation;  
Vice President then President of Exploration & Development Associates, Inc., 
(mining consultants) from 1980-1988; Exploration Manager and Mine Geologist 
since 1957.

Ted E. Slanker was a director of Heavy Metals Development Corporation, a former 
wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanderbilt Gold Corporation until it became inactive 
in 1991; manages his own investments.

Bernard O. Brynelsen is a former director of several mining companies including 
Brenda Mines, Ltd., Viceroy Resource Company and Forester Resource, Inc. He has 
been a director of Vanderbilt since December 1984 and has been a mining 
engineer for 48 years.

Barry L. Adams is an attorney at law in private practice in California 
specializing in environmental and solid waste issues, general business and real 
estate law.  He was formerly associated with the Environmental Department of 
the Pacific Legal Foundation.

Keith W. Fegert former general manager of Target Construction Company and 
SanRoc, Inc. (mining and construction contractors).  Over thirteen years 
experience in the mining industry as Operations Manager and Controller; 
including experience in project financing, financial controls, and contract 
negotiations.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

The following table sets forth the cash compensation paid to the Company's 
Executive Officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995:

                           Summary Compensation Table
Name of Individual Compensated  Year   Capacities Served      Cash Compensation

Keith Fegert                    1995   President and Chief
                                       Financial Officer,               $2,2707
Howard T. Urband                1995   Vice President
                                       and Secretary                     17,956
                                1994                                      2,563
                                1993                                          0
John F. Jordan, Jr.             1995   Former President and
                                       Chief Financial Officer                0
                                1994                                      5,287
                                1993                                          0
<PAGE>
Mr. Fegert had no accrued salary for 1995.
Mr. Urband accrued $36,044.41 in salary for 1995.
Mr. Urband accrued $51,437 in salary for 1994.
Mr. Urband accrued $54,000 in salary for 1993.
Mr. Jordan accrued $44,100 in salary for 1994.
Mr. Jordan accrued $58,800 in salary for 1993.

The following table sets forth Company stock options that were granted during 
1995 for each named executive.

                     Option/SAR Grants in Last Fiscal Year
                               Individual Grants

                                                           Potential Realizable
          Number of  % of Total                              Value at Assumed
          Securities  Options/                                Annual Rates of
          Underlying    SARs                                   Stock Price
            Option/   Granted to  Exercise                    Appreciation for
             SARS     Employees    or Base                      Option Term*
            Granted   in Fiscal     Price   Expiration
Name          (#)        Year      ($/share)    Date          5%            10%

Keith Fegert   5,000          5       0.16    6/30/00 $    1,022     $    1,288
Barry L. Adams 5,000          5       0.16    6/30/00 $    1,022     $    1,288
H T. Urband   75,000         75       0.16    7/26/00 $   15,315     $   19,328
Ted Slanker    5,000          5       0.16    7/26/00 $    1,022     $    1,288
Tom D. Scott   5,000          5       0.16    6/30/00 $    1,022     $    1,288
B. Brynelsen   5,000          5       0.16    7/26/00 $    1,022     $    1,288

* The dollar amounts under these columns are the result of calculations at 5% 
and 10% compounded annual rates as set by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and therefore are not intended to forecast future appreciation, if 
any, in the price of the Company's common stock.  The potential realizable 
values illustrated at 5% and 10% compound annual appreciation assume that the 
price of the Company's common
<PAGE>
The following table sets forth Company Stock Options data including options 
exercised during 1995 for each named executive:

 Aggregated Option/SAR Exercises in Last Year and Year - End Option SAR/Values
                               (c)              (d)             (e)
                                              Number of
                                              Securities      Value of
                                              Underlying      Unexercised
                                              Unexercised     In-the-Money
                                              Options/SARs at Options/SARs at
                                              FY-End (#)      FY-End ($)
            Shares Acquired Value Realized    Exercisable/    Exerciseable/
Name          On Exercise       ($)           Unexerciseable  Unexerciseable
J. F. Jordan, Jr.
                   none         none              250,000         N/A
Howard T. Urband
                   none         none               75,000         N/A

All securities listed in column (d) are assumed to be exercisable at December 
31, 1995.

Notes to table:

Exercise price of $.16; market price at December 31, 1995 $.13 (last trade of 
1995).
Does not include any options not covered by the 1989 Stock Option Plan.
None of the Company's options were in-the-money as of December 31, 1995.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth as of December 31, 1995 certain information 
concerning the ownership of shares of common stock of the Company by (I) each 
person who is known by the Company to own of record or beneficially 5% or more 
of the common stock of the Company, (ii) each director of the Company and (iii) 
all officers and directors of the Company as a group.  As of such date, 
32,093,135 shares were issued and outstanding.

All shareholders listed below have sole voting and investment power with 
respect to their shares except as otherwise noted.
<PAGE>
Name and Address of                    Amount and Nature of
Beneficial Owner                       Beneficial Ownership    Percent of Class
 
Target Construction Inc.               3,750,000               11.7
Holcomb Avenue, #100
Reno, NV 89509

Mother Lode Mining Co., LLC.           1,600.000                5.0
Gamble Oak Circle
Sandy, UT  84092

Compania Minera Rosarence S A De C V   1,800,000                5.6
Carratera Culiacan-Eldorado KM 0.600
Interior 3
Culiacan, Sinaloa, Mexico

Keith W. Fegert                        4,463,382(1)            13.9
Barry L. Adams                           812,851(2)             2.5
John F. Jordan, Jr.                      149,500(3)               *
Howard T. Urband                         233,000(4)               *
Tom D. Scott                             301,613(5)               *
Ted E. Slanker                           107,466(6)               *
Bernard O. Brynelsen                      57,036(6)               *
All officers and Directors (7 Persons) 6,124,848(1)(2)(3)      19.1
                                                (4)(5)(6)
(1) Mr. Fegert disclaims beneficial ownership of 3,526,691 shares.  The total 
shown above includes 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(2) Mr. Adams disclaims beneficial ownership of 576,691shares.  The total shown 
above includes 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(3) Mr. Jordan shares are held by the Jordan Family Trust.

(4) Includes 225,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(5) Mr. Scott disclaims beneficial ownership of 70,569 shares.  The total shown 
above includes 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(6) Includes 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

*     Less than 1%.

The certificate of incorporation of the Company provides for a classified board 
of directors.  The board is divided into three classes, designated Class I, 
Class II, and Class III.  The directors in Classes I, II, and III were elected 
to hold office until the annual meetings of shareholders in 1995, 1996 and 
1997, respectively.
<PAGE>
Nonqualified Stock Option Plan

On March 27, 1987, the shareholders approved the 1986 Nonqualified Stock Option 
Plan (the "Non- Qualified Plan") under which directors and full-time key 
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries were eligible to receive 
non-qualified options to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price 
not less than 100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of 
the option grant and with a term not exceeding ten years.  In 1989, the Board 
of Directors resolved that notwithstanding the terms of the Nonqualified Plan, 
no non-employee directors of the Company or its subsidiaries will be eligible 
to participate under the Nonqualified Plan.  The administrators of the 
Nonqualified Plan determined in their sole discretion which officers and other 
key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries should be granted options 
under the Nonqualified Plan.  A registration statement on Form S-8 was filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering the 500,000 shares of 
Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Nonqualified Plan, and the 
registration statement became effective September 11, 1987.  As of December 31, 
1993, there were no outstanding unexercised options under the Nonqualified 
Plan.  The Nonqualified Plan was terminated by the Board Of Directors on April 
20, 1994.

Stock Option Plan

On June 6, 1989, the stockholders of the Company approved the 1989 Stock Option 
Plan (the "1989 Plan") under which full-time officers and key employees of the 
Company and its subsidiaries are eligible to receive either incentive stock 
options or nonqualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock with 
terms not exceeding ten years.  In addition, the 1989 Plan provides for the 
automatic grant of non-qualified options to non-employee directors ("Director 
Option").  All options are granted at exercise prices of not less that 100% of 
the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of the grant.  A director 
Option to purchase 5,000 shares (subject to adjustment as provided in the 1989 
Plan) shall be granted to each non-employee director automatically as of the 
last trading day in June immediately following the date of his or her election 
or reelection through 1998, as the case may be, to the Board of Directors.

A Director Option to purchase 2,500 shares (subject to adjustment as provided 
in the 1989 Plan) shall be granted automatically to each non-employee director 
on the last trading day in each June through 1998, except that a non-employee 
director will not be entitled to receive such annual grant to purchase 2,500 
shares in any year during which he or she was elected or reelected, as the case 
my be, to the Board of Directors and received a Director Option to purchase 
5,000 shares as described above.  The administrators of the 1989 Plan determine 
in their sole discretion which officers and other key employees of the 
Company and its subsidiaries should be granted option under the 1989 Plan.
<PAGE>
A registration statement on Form S-8 was filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission covering the 500,000 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance 
under the 1989 Plan, and the registration statement became effective on June 
29, 1989.

At the annual stockholders' meeting held June 16, 1994, the stockholders 
approved amendments to the 1989 Stock Option Plan which  authorized the 
eligibility of certain consultants to be granted options under the Plan as may 
be approved by the Board of Directors and  authorized and increase in the 
number of shares available for grant under the Plan from 500,000 to 1,000,000 
shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 1995, options to purchase 495,000 
shares of Common Stock were outstanding. During 1995 options to purchase 
100,000 shares were granted and options to purchase 330,000 shares lapsed.

Preferred Stock

On December 30, 1993, the Board of Directors designated 100,000 shares of the 
Company's 5,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred 
Stock (the "Preferred Stock").  This Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive 
dividends, has a liquidation preference of $1.00 per share, has the right to 
share ratable with other shares entitled to liquidation preferences, and has 
voting rights equal to the number of shares of common stock into which it is 
convertible.  Each share of preferred stock is convertible into 100 shares of 
common stock, provided that in the event of a change of control each share of 
Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 1,000 shares of common stock.  Change 
of control means a change of control of the Company not approved by at least 
75% of the directors prior to such change of control and includes the 
acquisition by a single holder or a group acting in concert of such number of 
share of common stock or other securities of the Company as to permit the 
holder or affiliated holders to cause the election of a least one third of the 
directors of the Company.

The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the Company until December 
21, 1994 and thereafter is convertible at the option of the holders thereof.  
On December 31, 1993, the directors authorized the issuance of 9,679 shares of 
Preferred Stock including 3,000 shares of Preferred Stock issued to John F. 
Jordan, Jr., as trustee of the Jordan Family Trust,  in consideration for the 
cancellation of debt in the amount of $48,000 which Mr. Jordan had loaned to 
the Company. During 1994, the Board of Directors exercised its option to 
convert all 9,670 shares of the Preferred Stock into 967,000 shares of the 
Company's Common Stock.

Director Compensation

The Company has agreed to pay its outside directors $500, plus expenses, for 
each Board meeting attended.  In addition, the outside (non-employee) directors 
have been granted stock options as discussed above.
<PAGE>
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The Company entered into a Gold Loan in November, 1990 with Brenda, Inc. It 
borrowed 653 ounces of gold which were simultaneously sold at $383.10 per ounce 
and the Company received the proceeds of $250,164,30. Under the terms of the 
Loan Agreement and the related Security Agreement, the loan bears interest, 
payable monthly, of 3.53% per annum on the outstanding dollar value of the 
unpaid gold ounces computed daily using the London afternoon fixing price.  The 
Loan Agreement provides for repayment by the Company delivering 100 ounces of 
gold to Brenda Inc. each month from January to April, 1991, 125 ounces in May, 
1991, and 128 ounces in June, 1991. Virtually all of the Company's assets are 
pledged as collateral for this loan under the Security Agreement until the loan 
is paid in full.  At December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993, 100 ounces remained 
undelivered.  Bernard O. Brynelsen, a director of the Company, was the Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of Brenda Mines Ltd., which is controlled by Brenda, 
Inc.

John F. Jordan, Jr.(Deceased), the former President and Chief Financial Office 
of the Company, engaged in financial transactions with the Company during 1995, 
1994, and 1993.  Following is a summary of the financial transactions between 
the Company and this related party:

                                         1995             1994            1993
Loan Balance, Beginning of Year       (17,000)           5,000          74,000
Additional Loans During
 the Year                                               21,000           6,000
Transfer of Accounts
 Payable Balance                       17,000                -           2,000
Expense Reports Submitted                   -            3,000           9,000
Cash Repayment                              -          (46,000)        (26,000)
Exercise of Employee
 Stock Options                              -                -         (12,000)
Repayment of Loan with
 Series A Preferred Stock -                 -                -         (48,000)

Loan (Receivable) Balance,
 End of Year                                -          (17,000)          5,000

Mr. Jordan loaned an aggregate of $134,000 (plus $11,000 of expenses and 
transfer of payable) to the Company and its subsidiaries from January 1, 1990 
through December 31, 1991; $19,000 was repaid through December 31, 1991, and 
$24,875 was applied to the exercise of an employee stock option for 99,500 
shares on December 9, 1991. This loan was at 12% interest per annum; $6,000 was 
repaid by December 31, 1992 and the director received an option to acquire 
48,000 shares of common stock (which expired unexercised on August 14, 1993) 
for waiving interest on the loan.  In exchange for waiving interest on his 
loans to the Company, Mr. Jordan was granted a three year option in July, 1991, 
to purchase 380,000 shares of common stock at $.25 each; this option expired 
unexercised in July, 1994.
<PAGE>
On December 31, 1993, Mr. Jordan, as trustee of the Jordan Family Trust, was 
issued 3,00 shares of Series A Preferred Stock in consideration of his 
cancellation of $28,000 of debt owed by the Company to him which was 
subsequently converted into 30,000 shares of Common Stock.

PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules and Reports on Form 8-k

(a)  (1)        Financial Statements

Refer to Part II, item 8

     (2)        Exhibits

Exhibit 10

No.     Description of exhibit

10.1     Agreement between Vanderbilt and Compania Minera Rosarence S. A. de C. 
         V., dated as of January 13, 1995, concerning a mining concession in 
         the State of Durango, Mexico. (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K 
         filed in 1996).

10.2     Joint Venture Agreement between Vanderbilt Gold Corporation and 
         Cosalteca SA De CV and Guardian Enterprises Ltd. and Consolidated 
         Viscount Resources Ltd., dated as of  December 22, 1995, concerning a 
         mining concession in the State of Durango, Mexico. (incorporated by 
         reference to Form 8-K filed in 1996.

10.3     Letter of understanding between Vanderbilt Gold Corporation and 
         Guardian Enterprises Ltd and Consolidated Viscount Resources Ltd., 
         dated as of  December 22, 1995, concerning the Morning Star Mine, The 
         La Sierra concession and the Buyout provisions of Cosalteca's interest 
         in the Los Coloradas Joint Venture.

21.1    Subsidiary of registrant

24.1    Consent of Keith J. Rosen, CPA

(b)     Reports filed on Form 8-K

         None

(PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf 
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on April 24, 1996.

VANDERBILT GOLD CORPORATION
(Company)

By:     /S Keith Fegert.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company 
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S Keith Fegert
Director, President and Chief Financial Officer

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S  Howard T. Urband
Vice President and Director

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S  Bernard O. Brynelsen
Director

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S  Ted E. Slanker
Director

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S  Barry L. Adams
Director

DATED: April 25, 1996
By:  /S  Tom D. Scott
Chairman of the Board and Director

<PAGE>





                                  EXHIBIT 10-3


Letter of understanding between Vanderbilt Gold Corporation and Guardian 
Enterprises Ltd and Consolidated Viscount Resources Ltd., dated as of  December 
22, 1995, concerning the Morning Star Mine, The La Sierra concession and the 
Buyout provisions of Cosalteca's interest in the Los Coloradas Joint Venture.

<PAGE>
                                   letterhead
                          Vanderbilt Gold Corporation
                           4625 Wynn Road, Suite 103
                             Las Vegas NEVADA 89103

                               December 22, 1995

Leonard Harris, President
Guardian Enterprises
Consolidated Viscount Resources
The Marine Building, 830-355 Burrard Street
Vancouver, BC Canada V6C-2G8

Dear Len:

    This Letter of Understanding is made between Vanderbilt Gold Corporation, 
("Vanderbilt"), and Consolidated Viscount Resources Ltd., and Guardian 
Enterprises Ltd. (herinafter collectively referred to as "Guardian")  This 
Letter of Understanding is for the purpose of confirming the relationship 
between Vanderbilt and Guardian with regard to the Los Coloradas joint venture 
and relative to potential future joint ventures on the Morningstar Mine in 
California and the La Sierra Concession in Mexico.

    1.   GUARDIAN SHARE TRANSFER.  In consideration of the rights granted to 
Guardian by Vanderbilt, Guardian agrees to provide the sum of $30,000 in 
tradeable shares directly to Vanderbilt upon execution of this Agreement.

    2.   MORNINGSTAR MINE.  Vanderbilt grants Guardian the right to enter into 
a joint venture agreement on the terms previously discussed, including funding 
of $750,000 for the Morningstar Mine in San Bernardino County, California.  
Guardian shall have until the end of the third quarter 1996 to "begin to" fund 
the joint venture.

    3.   LA SIERRA CONCESSION.  Vanderbilt agrees that it will not enter into a 
joint venture or other arrangement with any party other than Guardian for a 120 
day period from the signing of this letter.  Vanderbilt agrees to negotiate 
with Guardian during that time period regarding a joint venture for the La 
Sierra Concession in Mexico.

    4.   BUYOUT PROVISIONS OF COSALTECA'S INTEREST IN LOS COLORADAS JOINT 
VENTURE.  Either party shall have the right to request a buyout of Cosalteca's 
51% interest in the joint venture pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement.  If 
such a request for buy out is made by either party, the other party shall be 
entitled to provide funds to acquire a 50% interest in the Cosalteca interest.  
The parties shall have 60 days to provide the funds necessary for their share 
of the buy out of Cosalteca's interest.  Neither party shall be required to 
provide the entire 50% interest, the percentage actually obtained by either 
party shall be in accordance with the percentage of the buyout price that the 
party contributes.
<PAGE>
Page 2
Letter Agreement
Leonard Harris
December 21, 1995

    5.   FAILURE TO MEET CASH REQUIREMENTS.  If either party fails or is unable 
to meet cash requirements of the Los Coloradas joint venture when due, the 
other party shall have the right to contribute said sums on behalf of the 
defaulting party and obtain an additional interest in the Joint Venture and 
this Agreement in accordance with said contribution.  The change in interest 
shall be calculated as a function of the percent contributed by the 
contributing party as compared to the total contributed by both parties up to 
that point in time.


                                     Sincerely
                                     /S Keith Fegert
                                     Keith W. Fegert
                                     President, Vanderbilt Gold Corp.

                                     Agreed and accepted
Dated: Dec 31, 1995                  By /Leonard Harris
                                     President, Guardian Enterprises Ltd
                                     and Consolidated Viscount
                                     Resources Ltd
       
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 21.1


SUBSIDIARY OF REGISTRANT

Star Mining Corporation, A Nevada Corporation
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 24.1



               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT

    As an independent certified public accountant, I hereby consent to the 
    inclusion in Vanderbilt Gold Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
    the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995, of my report dated April 18, 1996 
    on the consolidated statement of operations, changes in shareholders' 
    equity, and cash flows for the three years then ended of Vanderbilt Gold 
    Corporation and Subsidiaries.


    /S Keith J. Rosen
    Keith J. Rosen
    Certified Public Accountant
    Sherman Oaks, California
    April 29, 1996

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
<CURRENCY> U S DOLLARS
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                     1.
<CASH>                                               1
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                       25
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                        837
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                   869
<PP&E>                                            9581
<DEPRECIATION>                                    6974
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                    3746
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                             2201
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           321
<OTHER-SE>                                       24964
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                      3476
<SALES>                                             29
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                    82
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                      709
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  10
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  (637)
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                              (637)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     (637)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                   (0.03)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   (0.03)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
