-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KpH8ocxalsZDAi4N82pogBCB/iUwF8JyVOIESGE6i+vMYmcFoDsceWvTGvpD7EXB
 jp29Tvm8o+GwXTlcSH5Jeg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000357301-95-000007.txt : 19950712<IMS-HEADER>0000357301-95-000007.hdr.sgml : 19950711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000357301-95-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950328
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRUSTCO BANK CORP N Y
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000357301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				141630287
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10592
		FILM NUMBER:		95523996

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		320 STATE ST
		CITY:			SCHENECTADY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5183773311
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>COMBINED FILES FOR 12/31/94 FORM 10-K AND EXHIBITS
<TEXT>




                                FORM 10-K
                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                        Washington, D.C. 20549
       (Mark One)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
          SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
      For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994
                            OR
[  ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)
 For the transition period from ________________ to_________________

               Commission file number 0-10592
                     _______________

                   TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          NEW YORK                           14-1630287
(State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)           Identification No.)

320 STATE STREET, SCHENECTADY, NEW YORK         12305
(Address of principal executive offices)     (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (518) 377-3311
                         _______________

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                    Name of exchange on
Title of each class                   which registered
 ________________                    ________________
     None                                 None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

               Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value
                     (Title of class)
                      ______________

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes.(x)    No.( )

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K.[ ]

  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
registrant's classes of common stock:


                                   Number of Shares Outstanding
Class of Common Stock                  as of March 1, 1995
__________________                     __________________
$1 Par Value                               14,654,868

The aggregate market value of registrant's common stock (based
upon the closing price on March 1, 1995) held by non-affiliates
was approximately $296,761,000.

           DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

(1) Portions of registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994 (Part I, Part II, and
Part IV).

(2) Portions of registrant's Proxy Statement filed for its Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be held
May 15, 1995 (Part III).

                           PART I
Item 1. Business

General

    TrustCo Bank Corp NY  ("TrustCo") is a one-bank holding
company having its principal place of business at 320 State
Street, Schenectady, New York 12305. TrustCo was organized in
1981 to acquire all of the outstanding stock of Trustco Bank,
National Association, formerly known as Trustco Bank New York,
and prior to that The Schenectady Trust Company.  Following the
necessary regulatory approvals, TrustCo commenced business on
July 1, 1982. Through policy and practice, TrustCo continues to
emphasize that it is an equal opportunity employer. There were
435 full-time equivalent employees at year-end.  TrustCo had
4,501 shareholders of record  as of December 31, 1994, and the
closing price of the stock at that date was $20.25.

Bank Subsidiary

   On November 16, 1994 TrustCo initiated the process to convert
its banking subsidiary, Trustco Bank New York, a New York state
chartered trust company, to a national banking association
operating under the name Trustco Bank, National Association (the
Bank ).  The conversion was undertaken to facilitate the Bank's
regulatory processes and minimize duplicative federal/state
compliance issues.  The conversion became effective on February
1, 1995.  The Bank is a national bank engaged in a general
commercial banking business serving individuals, partnerships,
corporations, municipalities and governments of New York. The
largest part of such business consists of accepting deposits and
making loans and investments. The Bank provides a wide range of
both personal and business banking services. The Bank is a member
of the Federal Reserve system and its deposits are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to the extent permitted by
law. The Bank accounted for substantially all of TrustCo's 1994
consolidated net income and average assets.

    The trust department of the Bank acts as executor of estates
and trustee of personal trusts, gives estate planning and related
advice, provides custodial services and acts as trustee of
various types of employee benefit plans and corporate pension and
profit sharing trusts. The aggregate market value of the assets
under trust, custody or management was approximately $634 million
as of December 31, 1994.

    The daily operations of the Bank remain the responsibility of
its Board of Directors and officers, subject to the overall
supervision of TrustCo. TrustCo, as the parent corporation,
derives most of its income from dividends paid to it by its
subsidiary Bank. TrustCo's Bank subsidiary is included in
TrustCo's consolidated financial statements.

ORE Subsidiary

    During 1993, TrustCo created ORE Subsidiary Corp., a New York
corporation, to hold and manage certain foreclosed properties.
The accounts of this subsidiary are included in TrustCo's
consolidated financial statements.

Competition

    The Bank encounters keen competition from other commercial
banks, including New York City-based holding companies which are
some of the largest and most competitive institutions in the
United States. In addition, savings banks, savings and loan
associations, credit unions and other financial and related
institutions compete for the banking, trust, investment and other
financial services which the Bank offers. On a regular basis,
TrustCo has discussions with other financial institutions
relative to potential merger or acquisition opportunities.

Supervision and Regulation

    Banking is a highly regulated industry, with numerous federal
and state laws and regulations governing the organization and
operation of banks and their affiliates. As a bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the "Act"), TrustCo is regulated and examined by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Board"). The Act
requires that TrustCo obtain prior Board approval for bank and
non-bank acquisitions and restricts the business operations
permitted to TrustCo. The Bank is subject to regulation and
examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

    Virtually all aspects of TrustCo's and the Bank's business
are subject to regulation and examination by the Board, the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency.
    Most of TrustCo's revenues consist of cash dividends paid to
TrustCo by its subsidiary Bank, payment of which is subject to
various regulatory limitations.  (Note 1 of the consolidated
financial statements contained in TrustCo's Annual Report to
Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 1994, which appears
on pages 30 and 31 thereof and contains information concerning
restrictions of TrustCo's ability to pay dividends, is hereby
incorporated by reference.)  In addition, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the Board have established guidelines
with respect to the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital
by a bank holding company under their jurisdictions. Compliance
with the standards set forth in such guidelines could also limit
the amount of dividends which a bank or a bank holding company
may pay.  The banking industry is also affected by the monetary
and fiscal policies of the federal government, including the
Board, which exerts considerable influence over the cost and
availability of funds obtained for lending and investing.

    Proposals to change various laws and regulations governing
the operation and taxation of banks, bank holding companies and
financial institutions are frequently raised in Congress and
before various federal and state regulatory authorities.  Most
recently, on September 29, 1994 the Interstate Banking and
Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 was enacted which permits
beginning one year from date of enactment, bank holding companies
to acquire banks in any state (subject to state and nationwide
deposit limitations) and for full interstate branching commencing
June 1, 1997.

Foreign Operations

Neither TrustCo nor the Bank engage in material operations in
foreign countries or have any outstanding loans to foreign
debtors.

Statistical Information Analysis

    The "Management Discussion and Analysis" on pages 5 through
23 of TrustCo's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended
December 31, 1994, which contains a presentation and discussion
of statistical data relating to TrustCo, are hereby incorporated
by reference. The information with respect to such tables should
not be construed to imply any conclusion on the part of the
management of TrustCo that the results, causes or trends
indicated therein will continue in the future. The nature and
effects of governmental monetary policy, supervision and
regulation, future legislation, inflation and other economic
conditions and many other factors which affect interest rates,
investments, loans, deposits and other aspects of TrustCo's
operations are extremely complex and could make historical
operations, earnings, assets and liabilities not indicative of
what may occur in the future.

Item 2. Properties

    TrustCo's executive offices are located at 320 State Street,
Schenectady, New York, 12305. The Bank operates 45 offices, of
which 20 are owned and 25 are leased from others. These
properties, when considered in the aggregate, are not material to
the operation of TrustCo.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

    The nature of TrustCo's business generates a certain amount
of litigation against TrustCo and its subsidiaries involving
matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In the
opinion of management of TrustCo, there are no proceedings
pending to which TrustCo or either of its subsidiaries is a
party, or of which its property is the subject which, if
determined adversely to TrustCo or such subsidiary, would be
material in relation to TrustCo's consolidated stockholders'
equity and financial condition.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

None.



Executive Officers of TrustCo

    The following is a list of the names and ages of the
executive officers of TrustCo and their business history for the
past five years:



                                                       Year First
                                                         Became
Name, Age and             Principal Occupations       Executive
Position                  Or Employment Since          Officer of
With TrustCo              January 1, 1989               TrustCo

Robert A. McCormick, 58,  President and Chief Executive      1984
 President and Chief      Officer,TrustCo Bank Corp NY.
Executive Officer        President and Chief Executive
                          Officer, Trustco Bank, National
                          Association.


Robert T. Cushing, 39,   Vice President and Chief           1994
Vice President and       Financial Officer,
Chief Financial Offier    TrustCo Bank Corp NY since
                         1994. Senior Vice President
                        and Chief Financial Officer,
                        Trustco Bank, National
                        Association since 1994.  Partner,
                        KPMG Peat Marwick LLP (1978 - 1994).

Nancy A. McNamara, 45,   Vice President, TrustCo Bank        1992
Vice President           Corp NY since 1992.  Senior Vice
                         President, Trustco Bank, National
                         Association since 1988.  Director
                         of TrustCo Bank Corp NY and
                         Trustco Bank, National Association
                         since December 1991. Joined Trustco
                         Bank, National Association  in 1971.

William F. Terry, 53,    Secretary, TrustCo Bank Corp NY     1990
Secretary                since 1990.  Senior Vice President,
                         Trustco Bank, National Association
                         since 1987.  Secretary,
                          Trustco Bank, National Association
                         since 1990.



                             PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters

    The inside front cover of TrustCo's Annual Report to
Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 1994, is
incorporated herein by reference. The closing price for the
Corporation's common stock on December 31, 1994, was $20.25.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

Page 19 of TrustCo's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year
ended December 31, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations

Pages 5 through 23 of TrustCo's Annual Report to Shareholders for
the year ended December 31, 1994, are incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The financial statements, together with the report thereon of
KPMG Peat Marwick LLP on pages 25 through 39 of TrustCo's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 1994, are
incorporated herein by reference.



 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.







                             PART III

Item 10. Director and Executive Officers of Registrant

The information under the captions "Information on TrustCo
Directors and Nominees" and "Information on TrustCo Executive
Officers Not Listed Above" on pages 3 through 5, and "Compliance
With Section 16(a) Of The Securities Exchange Act Of 1934 " on
page 22, of TrustCo's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 15, 1995, is incorporated herein by
reference. The required information regarding TrustCo's executive
officers is contained in PART I in the item captioned "Executive
Officers of TrustCo."

Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information under the captions "TrustCo and Trustco Bank
Executive Officer Compensation" and "TrustCo Retirement Plans" on
pages 6 through 11 of TrustCo's Proxy Statement for its Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 15, 1995, is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management

The information under the captions "Information on TrustCo
Directors and Nominees," "Information on TrustCo Executive
Officers Not Listed Above," on pages 3 through 5 and "Ownership
Of TrustCo Common Stock By Certain Beneficial Owners" on page 22
of TrustCo's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held May 15, 1995, is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

The information under the caption "Transactions with TrustCo and
Trustco Bank Directors, Officers and Associates" on page 22 of
TrustCo's Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be held May 15, 1995, is incorporated herein by reference.




                          PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on
Form 8-K

The following financial statements of TrustCo and its
consolidated subsidiaries, and the accountants' report thereon
are incorporated herein by reference.

Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consolidated Statements of Condition--December 31, 1994 and 1993.

Consolidated Statements of Income--Years Ended December 31, 1994,
1993 and 1992.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity--Years
Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows--Years Ended December 31,
1994, 1993 and 1992.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Financial Statement Schedules--Not Applicable.

All required schedules for TrustCo and its subsidiaries have been
included in the consolidated financial statements or related
notes thereto










The following exhibits are filed herewith:*


Reg S-K Exhibit No.      Description
===================      ===========
3(i)                     Amended and Restated Certificate of
                         Incorporation of TrustCo.

3(ii)                    Amended and Restated Bylaws of TrustCo.

10(a)                   Employment Agreement dated January 1,
                        1992 and Amendment No. 1 dated November
                        16, 1993, among TrustCo, the Bank and
                        Robert A. McCormick.


10(b)                   Amendment No. 2 dated September 1,
                        1994, and Amendment No. 3
                        dated February 13, 1995, among
                        TrustCo, the Bank and
                        Robert A. McCormick.

10(c)                   Employment Agreement dated
                        June 21, 1994, and Amendment
                        No. 1 dated February 14, 1995,
                        among TrustCo, the Bank and
                        Robert T. Cushing.

10(d)                  Restated Employment Agreement
                       dated June 21, 1994, and Amendment
                       No. 1 dated February 14, 1995, among
                       TrustCo, the Bank and Nancy A. McNamara.

10(e)                  Restated Employment Agreement dated June
                       21, 1994, and Amendment
                       No. 1 dated February 14, 1995, among
                       TrustCo, the Bank and
                       William F. Terry.

10(f)                  Restated Employment Agreement dated June
                       21, 1994, and Amendment
                       No. 1 dated February 14, 1995, among
                       TrustCo, the  Bank and
                       Ralph A. Pidgeon.

10(g)                 Restated Employment Agreement dated July
                      15, 1992, Amendment
                      No. 1 dated November16, 1993,
                      and Amendment No. 2 dated
                      February 14, 1995, among TrustCo,
                      the Bank  and Peter A. Zakriski.

10(h)                 TrustCo Bank Corp NY Amended and Restated
                      1985 Stock Option Plan.

10(i)                 TrustCo Bank Corp NY Directors Stock
                      Option Plan.



________________
*The exhibits included under Exhibit 10 constitute all management
contracts, compensatory plans and arrangements required to be
filed as an exhibit to this form pursuant to Item 14(c) of this
report.





The following exhibits are filed herewith:  (continued)


Reg S-K Exhibit       No. Description
===============       ===============
        11            Computation of Net Income Per Common Share.

        13            Annual Report to Security Holders of
                      TrustCo for the year ended December 31,
                      1994.

        21            List of Subsidiaries of TrustCo.

        23            Independent Auditors' Consent of KPMG Peat
                       Marwick LLP.

        24            Power of Attorney.

        27            Financial Data Schedules.

        99            Independent Auditors' Report of KPMG Peat
                      Marwick LLP.


Reports on Form 8-K:

On January 26, 1995, TrustCo filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
reporting the fourth quarter and year-end December 31, 1994,
results.

On February 21, 1995, TrustCo filed a Current Report on Form 8-K
reporting the declaration of a cash dividend.


    Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers
and controlling persons of the TrustCo Bank Corp NY(the
"Corporation") pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or
otherwise, the Corporation has been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is
against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933
and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by the Corporation of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
officer or controlling person of the Corporation in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted
by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, the Corporation will,
unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled
by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is
against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be
governed by the final adjudication of such issue.



SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                               TrustCo Bank Corp NY

                                By/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                -------------------------
                                Robert A. McCormick
                                President and Chief Executive
                                Officer
                                (Principal Executive Officer)


                                 By/s/Robert T. Cushing
                                 -------------------------
                                 Robert T. Cushing
                                 Vice President and Chief
                                 Financial Officer
                                (Principal Financial and
                                 Accounting Officer)


Date: March 21, 1995

                       Signatures

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the date indicated.

Signature                Title               Date

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Barton A. Andreoli


         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Lionel O. Barthold

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
M. Norman Brickman

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Charles W. Carl, Jr.

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Robert A. McCormick

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Nancy A. McNamara

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Dr. John S. Morris

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Dr. James H. Murphy

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Richard J. Murray, Jr.

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Kenneth C. Petersen

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
William J. Purdy

/s/William F. Terry     Director          March 21, 1995
- ------------------
William F. Terry

         *              Director          March 21, 1995
Philip J. Thompson


By/s/William F. Terry
*William F. Terry, as Agent
Pursuant to Power of Attorney



EXHIBIT INDEX

Reg S-K
Item 601
Exhibit No.          Exhibit
_________________________________________________________________
3(i)            Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                of TrustCo filed as Exhibit 3(i) to TrustCo Bank
                Corp NY's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No.
                000-10592) filed on March 30, 1994, incorporated
                herein by reference.

3(ii)          Amended and Restated Bylaws of TrustCo, with
               amendments through February 21, 1995.

10(a)          Employment Agreement dated January 1, 1992 and
               Amendment No. 1 dated November 16, 1993, among
               TrustCo, the Bank and Robert A. McCormick, filed
               as Exhibit 10(a) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY s
               Annual Report on Form 10-K (file No. 000-10592)
               filed on March 30, 1994, incorporated herein by
               reference.

10(b)          Amendment No. 2 dated September 1, 1994, and
               Amendment No. 3 dated February 13, 1995, to the
                Employment Agreement dated November 16, 1993
               among TrustCo, the Bank and Robert A. McCormick.

10(c)           Employment Agreement dated June 21, 1994, and
                Amendment No. 1 dated February 14, 1995, among
                TrustCo, the Bank and Robert T. Cushing.

10(d)           Restated Employment Agreement dated June 21,
                1994, and Amendment No. 1 dated February 14,
                1995, among TrustCo, the Bank and
                Nancy A. McNamara.

10(e)          Restated Employment Agreement dated June
                21, 1994, and Amendment No. 1 dated February
               14, 1995, among TrustCo, the Bank and
               William F. Terry.



10(f)        Restated Employment Agreement dated June 21, 1994,
             and Amendment No. 1 dated February 14, 1995, among
              TrustCo, the Bank and Ralph A. Pidgeon.

 10(g)       Restated Employment Agreement dated July 15, 1992,
             Amendment No. 1 dated November 16, 1993, and
             Amendment No. 2 dated February 14, 1995, among
             TrustCo, the Bank and Peter A. Zakriski.


10(h)        Restated 1985 TrustCo Bank Corp NY Stock Option Plan
             as amended and restated effective July 1, 1994.

10(i)        TrustCo Bank Corp NY Directors Stock Option Plan
             filed as Exhibit 10(g) to TrustCo Bank Corp NY's
             Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-10592)
             filed on March 30, 1994, incorporated herein by
             reference.


11          Computation of Net Income Per Common Share.


13          Annual Report to Security Holders of TrustCo for the
            year ended December 31, 1994.



                       GRAPHICS APPENDIX



                                                 Cross References
                                                   to Page of
                          Omitted Charts          Annual Report
_________________________________________________________________

           1        Net Interest Margin...............  5

           2        Non-Performing Assets............. 14

           3        Efficiency Ratio.................. 18

           4        Dividends Per Share............... 21


21                                List of Subsidiaries of
                                   TrustCo.

23                                Independent Auditors' Consent
                                  of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.

24                                Power of Attorney.

27                               Financial Data Schedules.

99                               Independent Auditors' Report of
                                 KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.


























                                                  Exhibit 3(ii)


                         BY-LAWS OF
                    TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

               (a New York State Corporation)
           (As Amended Through February 21, 1995)
_____________________________________________________

                         ARTICLE 1

                        DEFINITIONS


As used in these By-Laws, unless the context otherwise requires,
the term:

1.1  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Corporation

1.2  "Business Corporation Law" means the Business Corporation
Law of the State of New York, as amended from time to time.


1.3  "By-Laws" means the initial By-Laws of the Corporation, as
amended from time to time.

1.4  "Certificate of Incorporation" means the initial certificate
of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, supplemented or
restated from time to time.

1.5.  "Corporation" means TrustCo Bank Corp NY.

1.6  "Directors" means directors of the Corporation.

1.7  "Entire Board" means the total number of directors which the
Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

1.8  "Chief Executive Officer" means the Chief Executive Officer
of the corporation.

1.9  "Chairman" means chairman of the Board of the Corporation.

1.10 "President" means the President of the Corporation.

1.11 "Secretary" means the Secretary of the Corporation.

1.12 "Vice President" means the Vice President of the
Corporation.
                           ARTICLE 2

                         SHAREHOLDERS


2.1  PLACE OF MEETINGS.  Every meeting of shareholders shall be
held at such place within or without the State of New York as
shall be designated by the Board of Directors in the notice of
such meeting or in the waiver of notice thereof.


2.2  ANNUAL MEETING.  A meeting of shareholders shall be held
annually for the election of Directors and the transaction of
other business at such hour and on such business day as may be
determined by the Board.  Written notice of such meeting, stating
the place, date and hour thereof, shall be given, personally or
by mail, not less than ten nor more than fifty days before the
date of such meeting, to each shareholder certified to vote at
such meeting.


2.3  SPECIAL MEETINGS.  A special meeting of shareholders, other
than those regulated by statute, may be called at any time by the
Board or by the Chief Executive Officer.  It shall also be the
duty of the Chief Executive Officer to call such a meeting
whenever requested in writing so to do by shareholders owning two
thirds of the issued and outstanding share entitled to vote at
such a meeting.  Written notice of such meeting, stating the
place, date, hour and purpose thereof, and indicating that it is
being given by the person or persons calling such meeting, shall
be given, personally or by mail, not less than ten nor more than
fifty days before the date of such meeting, to each shareholder
certified to vote at such meeting.


2.4  QUORUM AND VOTING REQUIREMENTS; ADJOURNMENT.  Except with
respect to a special meeting for the election of Directors as
required by law, or as otherwise provided in these By- Laws, (a)
the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Corporation shall be present in person or by proxy at any
meeting of the shareholders in order to constitute a quorum for
the transaction of any business, and (b) the votes of the holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation shall be necessary at any meeting of shareholders for
the transaction of any business or specified item of business,
other than the changing, amending or repealing of any provision
of the Certificate of Incorporation or By- Laws which shall
require the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Corporation's
voting stock; provided, however, that when a specified item of
business is required to be voted on by a class or series (if the
Corporation shall then have outstanding shares or more than one
class or series), voting as a class, the holders of a majority of
the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum (as
to such class or series) for the transaction of such item of
business.  The holders of a majority of shares present in person
or represented by proxy at any meeting of shareholders, including
an adjourned meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, may
adjourn such meeting to another time and place.

2.5  INSPECTORS AT MEETINGS. Two or more inspectors shall be
appointed by the Board or the Executive Committee prior to each
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to serve at the meeting or any
adjournment thereof.  In case any person appointed fails to
appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by
the Board in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the
person presiding thereat.


2.6  ORGANIZATION.  At every meeting of shareholders, the Chief
Executive Officer, or in his absence, an officer of the
Corporation designated by the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer, shall act as Chairman of the meeting.  The Secretary, or
in his absence, one of the Vice Presidents not acting as Chairman
of the meeting, shall act as Secretary of the meeting.  In case
none of the officers above designated to act as Chairman or
Secretary of the meeting, respectively, shall be present, a
Chairman or a Secretary of the meeting, as the case may be, shall
be chosen by a majority of the votes cast at such meeting by the
holders of shares present in person, or represented by proxy and
entitled to vote at the meeting.


2.7  ORDER OF BUSINESS.  The order of business at all meetings of
shareholders shall be as determined by the Chairman of the
meeting, but the order of business to be followed at any meeting
at which a quorum is present may be changed by a majority of the
votes cast at such meeting by the holders of shares present in
person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the
meeting.



                             ARTICLE 3

                             DIRECTORS

3.1  BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  Except as otherwise provided in the
Certificate of Incorporation, the affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed and its corporate powers exercised by its Board.
In addition to the powers expressly conferred by the By-Laws, the
Board may exercise all powers and perform all acts which are not
required, by the By-Laws or the Certificate of Incorporation or
by law, to be exercised and performed by the shareholders.


3.2  NUMBER; QUALIFICATION; TERM OF OFFICE.  Subject to Section
702(b) of the Business Corporation Law, the number of Directors
constituting the Entire Board may be changed from time to time by
action of the shareholders or the Board, provided that such
number shall not be less than twelve nor more than fifteen.  The
Directors shall be divided into three classes as nearly equal in
number as may be, one class to be elected each year for a term of
three years and until their successors are elected and qualified.
A Director attaining 72 years of age shall cease to be a Director
and that office shall be vacant.   A director who was an employee
of the Corporation at the time of his election, shall vacate his
office when he ceases to be a full-time employee of the Company
and shall not be eligible for reelection.  3.3  ELECTION.
Directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the Company's outstanding voting stock.


3.4  NEWLY CREATED DIRECTORSHIP AND VACANCIES.  Newly created
directorships resulting from an increase in the number of
Directors and vacancies occurring in the Board for any reason,
may be filled by vote of a majority of the Directors then in
office, although less than a quorum, at any meeting of the Board.
Directors elected by the Board shall hold office until the next
meeting of shareholders at which the election of directors is in
the regular order of business, and until their successors have
been elected and qualified.


3.5  RULES AND REGULATIONS.  The Board of Directors may adopt
such Rules and Regulations for the conduct of its meetings and
the management of the affairs of the Company as it may deem
proper, not inconsistent with the laws of the State of New York,
or these By-Laws.


3.6  REGULAR MEETINGS.  Regular meetings of the Board shall be
held on the third Tuesday of February, May, August and November,
unless otherwise specified by the Board, and may be held at such
times and places as may be fixed from time to time by the Board,
and may be held without notice.


3.7  SPECIAL MEETINGS.  Special meetings of the Board shall be
held whenever called by the Chief Executive Officer, and a
special meeting shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer or
the Secretary at the written request of any seven Directors.
Notice of the time and place of each special meeting of the Board
shall, if mailed, be addressed to each Director at the address
designated by him for that purpose or, if none is designated, at
his last known address at least three days before the date on
which the meeting is to be held; or such notice shall be sent to
each Director at such address by telegraph, or similar means of
communication, or be delivered to him personally, not later than
the day before the date on which such meeting is to be held.


3.8  WAIVERS OF NOTICE.  Anything in these By-Laws or in any
resolution adopted by the Board to the contrary notwithstanding,
notice of any meeting of the Board need not be given to any
Director who submits a signed waiver of such notice, whether
before or after such meeting, or who attends such meeting without
protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack of
notice to him.


3.9  ORGANIZATION.  At each meeting of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation, or in the absence of the
Chief Executive Officer, a Chairman chosen by the majority of the
Directors present, shall preside.  The Secretary, or in the
absence of the Secretary, a Vice President, shall act as
Secretary at each meeting of the Board.


3.10  QUORUM AND VOTING.  A majority of the Entire Board shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business or of any
specified item of business  at any meeting of the Board.  The
affirmative vote of a majority of the  Entire Board shall be
necessary for the transaction of any business or specified item
of business at any meeting of the Board, except that the
affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Entire Board shall be
necessary to change, amend or repeal any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws.


3.11 WRITTEN CONSENT OF DIRECTORS WITHOUT A MEETING.  Any action
required or permitted to be taken by the Board may be taken
without a meeting if all members of the Board consent in writing
to the adoption of a resolution authorizing the action.  The
resolution and the written consents thereto by the members of the
Board shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
Board.


3.12 PARTICIPATION IN MEETING OF BOARD BY MEANS OF CONFERENCE
TELEPHONE OR SIMILAR COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT.  Any one or more
members of the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board by
means of a conference telephone or similar communications
equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to
hear each other at the same time.  Participation by such means
shall constitute presence in person at a meeting.



                                ARTICLE 4
                               COMMITTEES

4.1  EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.  There shall be an Executive Committee
consisting of not more than nine Directors, of which four shall
constitute a quorum.  All but six of the members of such
Executive Committee shall be appointed by the Board of Directors,
shall be known as permanent members and shall hold office until
the organization of the Board after the annual election next
succeeding their respective appointments.  Six places on the
Executive Committee shall be filled by the Directors, other than
the permanent members of the Executive Committee, in rotation
according to alphabetical order, each panel of six rotating
members serving for one calendar month.  In the event that any
member of the Executive Committee is unable to attend a meeting,
the Chief Executive Officer may invite any other Director to take
his place for such meeting.  The Executive Committee shall
possess and exercise all of the delegable powers of the Board,
except when the latter is in session.  It shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and the same shall be subject to examination by
the Board at any time.  All acts done and powers and authority
conferred by the Executive Committee from time to time, within
the scope of its authority, shall be and be deemed to be and may
be certified as being the act and under the authority of the
Board.  Meetings of the Executive Committee shall be held at such
times and places and upon such, if any, notice as the Executive
Committee shall determine from time to time, provided that a
special meeting of the Executive Committee may be called by the
Chief Executive Officer, in his discretion, and shall be called
by the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary on the written
request of any three members, three days' notice of the time and
place of which shall be given in the same manner as notices of
special  meetings of the Board of Directors, except that if such
notice is given otherwise than by mail, it shall be sufficient if
given at any time on or before the day preceding the meeting.


4.2  OTHER COMMITTEES.  The Board, by resolution adopted by a
majority of the Entire Board, may designate from among its
members such other standing or special committees as may seem
necessary or desirable from time to time.








                          ARTICLE 5
                          OFFICERS


5.1  OFFICERS.  The Board may elect or appoint a Chairman and
shall elect or appoint a President, either of which it shall
designate the Chief Executive Officer and shall elect or appoint
one or more Vice Presidents and a Secretary, and such other
officers as it may from time to time determine.  All officers
shall hold their offices, respectively, at the pleasure of the
Board.  The Board may require any and all officers, clerks and
employees to give a bond or other security for the faithful
performance of their duties, in such amount and with such
sureties as the Board may determine.


5.2  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.  The Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation shall have general supervision over the business of
the Corporation, subject, however, to the control of the Board
and of any duly authorized committee of Directors.  The Chief
Executive Officer shall, if present, preside at all meetings of
the shareholders, at all meetings of the Board and shall
supervise the carrying out of policies adopted or approved by the
Board.  He may, with the Secretary or any other officer of the
Corporation, sign certificates for shares of the Corporation.  He
may sign and execute, in the name of the Corporation, deeds,
mortgages, bonds, contracts and other instruments, subject to any
restrictions imposed by the By-Laws, Board or applicable laws,
and, in general, he shall perform all duties incident to the
office of the Chief Executive Officer and such other duties as
from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board.


5.3  CHAIRMAN AND PRESIDENT.  Either the Chairman or the
President shall be designated the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation.  The one not so designated shall perform such duties
as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board or by
the Chief Executive Officer.


5.4  OTHER OFFICERS.  All the other officers of the Corporation
shall perform all duties incident to their respective offices,
subject to the supervision and direction of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer, and the Executive Committee, and shall
perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned
them by the Board or by the Chief Executive Officer.  The
President and any Vice President may also, with the Secretary,
sign and execute, in the name of the Corporation, deeds,
mortgages, bonds, contracts and other instruments, subject to any
restrictions imposed by the By-Laws, Board or applicable laws.




                        ARTICLE 6
                 CONTRACTS, LOANS, ETC



6.1  EXECUTION OF CONTRACTS.  The Board may authorize any
officer, employee or agent, in the name and on behalf of the
Corporation, to enter into any contract or execute and satisfy
any instrument, and any such authority may be general or confined
to specific instances, or otherwise limited.


6.2  LOANS.  The Chief Executive Officer or any other officer,
employee or agent authorized by the Board may effect loans and
advances at any time for the Corporation from any bank, trust
company or other institution or from any firm, corporation or
individual, and for such loans and advances may make, execute and
deliver promissory notes, bonds or other certificates or
evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, and when authorized
so to do may pledge and hypothecate or transfer any securities or
other property of the Corporation as security for any such loans
or advances.


6.3  SIGNATURE AUTHORITY.  The Chief Executive Officer shall from
time to time authorize the appropriate officers and employees of
the Corporation who are to sign, execute, acknowledge, verify and
deliver or accept all agreements, conveyances, transfers,
obligations, authentications, certificates and other documents
and instruments and to affix the seal of the Corporation to any
such document or instrument and to cause the same to be attested
by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary.



                               ARTICLE 7
                                SHARES


7.1  STOCK CERTIFICATES.  Certificates representing shares of the
Corporation, in such form as shall be determined from time to
time by the Board, shall be signed by the Chief Executive
Officer, the Chairman, the President, or any Vice President and
the Secretary, and may be sealed with the seal of the Corporation
or a facsimile thereof.


7.2  TRANSFER OF SHARES.  Transfers of shares shall be made only
on the book of the Corporation by the holder thereof or by his
duly authorized attorney or a transfer agent of the Corporation,
and on surrender of the certificate or certificates representing
such shares properly endorsed for transfer and upon payment of
all necessary transfer taxes.  Every certificate exchanged,
returned or surrendered to the Corporation shall be marked
"Canceled", with  the date of cancellation, by the Secretary or
the transfer agent of the Corporation.  A person in whose name
shares shall stand on the books of the Corporation in whose name
shares shall stand on the books of the Corporation shall be
deemed the owner thereof to receive dividends, to vote as such
owner and for all other purposes as respects the Corporation.  No
transfer of shares shall be valid as against the Corporation, its
shareholders and creditors for any purpose, except to render the
transferee liable for the debts of the Corporation to the extent
provided by law, until such transfer shall have been entered on
the books of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom
transferred.


7.3  CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS.  The Board may prescribe a period
prior to any shareholders' meeting or prior to the payment of any
dividend, not exceeding fifty days, during which no transfer of
stock on the books of the Corporation may be made and may fix a
day as provided by the Business Corporation Law as of which
shareholders entitled to notice and to vote at such meeting shall
be determined.


7.4  TRANSFER AND REGISTRY AGENTS.  The Corporation may from time
to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agents and
registry officer or agents at such place or places as may be
determined from time to time by the Board.


7.5  LOST, DESTROYED, STOLEN AND MUTILATED CERTIFICATES.  If the
holder of any shares shall notify the Corporation of any loss,
destruction, theft or mutilation of the certificate or
certificates representing such shares, the Corporation may issue
a new certificate or certificates to replace the old, upon such
conditions as may be specified by the Board consistent with
applicable laws.








                         ARTICLE 8
                        EMERGENCIES


8.1  OPERATION DURING EMERGENCY.  In the event of a state of
emergency declared by the President of the United States or the
person performing his functions or by the Governor of the State
of New York or by the person performing his functions, the
officers and employees of the Corporation shall continue to
conduct the affairs of the Corporation under such guidance from
the Directors as may be available except as to matters which by
statute require specific approval of the Board of Directors and
subject to conformance with any governmental directives during
the emergency.


8.2  OFFICERS PRO TEMPORE DURING EMERGENCY.  The Board of
Directors shall have power, in the absence or disability of any
officer, or upon the refusal of any officer to act, to delegate
and prescribe such officer's powers and duties to any other
officer for the time being.


8.3  DISASTER.  In the event of a state of emergency resulting
from disaster of sufficient severity to prevent the conduct and
management of the affairs and business of the Corporation by the
Directors and officers as contemplated by these By-Laws, any two
or more available members of the Executive Committee shall
constitute a quorum of that committee for the full conduct and
management of the affairs and business of the Corporation,
notwithstanding any other provision of these By-Laws, and such
committee shall further be empowered to exercise all powers
reserved to any and all other committees of the Board established
pursuant to Article 4 of these By-Laws.  In the event of the
unavailability, at such time, of at least two members of the
Executive Committee, any three available Directors may constitute
themselves the Executive Committee pro tem for the full conduct
and management of the affairs and business of the Corporation in
accordance with the provisions of this Article, until such time
as the incumbent Board or a reconstituted Board is capable of
assuming full conduct and management of such affairs and
business.



                          ARTICLE 9
                             SEAL


9.1  SEAL.  The Board may adopt a corporate seal which shall be
in the form of a circle and shall bear the full name of the
Corporation and the year and State of its incorporation.


                        ARTICLE 10
                        FISCAL YEAR


10.1  FISCAL YEAR.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be
determined, and may be changed, by resolution of the Board.



                       ARTICLE 11
                 VOTING OF SHARES HELD


11.1  VOTING OF SHARE HELD BY THE CORPORATION.  Unless otherwise
provided by resolution of the Board and excepting the shares of
any subsidiary company of the Corporation which are to be voted
in accordance with the resolution of the Board, the Chief
Executive Officer may from time to time appoint one or more
attorneys or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf
of the Corporation, to cast the votes  which the Corporation may
be entitled to cast as a shareholder or otherwise in any other
corporation, any of whose shares or securities may be held by the
Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the shares or other
securities of such other corporation and to consent in writing to
any action by any such other corporation, and may instruct the
person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such
votes or giving such  consent, and may execute or  cause to be
executed on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate
seal, or otherwise, such written proxies, consents, waivers or
other instruments as he may deem necessary or proper in the
premises; or the Chief Executive Officer may himself attend any
meeting of the holders of the shares or other securities of any
such other corporation and thereat vote or exercise any or all
other powers of the Corporation as the holder of such shares or
other securities of such other corporation.



                             ARTICLE 12
                       AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS


12.1  AMENDMENTS.  The By-Laws or any of them may be altered,
amended, supplemented or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted
by a vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares
entitled to vote at any regular or special meeting of
shareholders, or by a vote of at least two- thirds of the Entire
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting thereof,
provided notice of such proposed changes has been set forth in
the notice of meeting of shareholders or Directors.









                           ARTICLE 13
            INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS


13.1  In addition to authorization provided by law, the Directors
are authorized, by resolution, to provide indemnification or to
advance expenses to any Officer or Director seeking such
indemnifica- tion or the advancement of such expenses.  They may
also, by resolution, authorize agreements providing for
indemnification.


13.2  The indemnification and advancement authorized by this
Article shall be subject to each of the conditions or limitations
set forth in the succeeding subdivisions(s) of this Section.


   13.2.1  No indemnification may be made to or on behalf of any
Director or Officer if a judgment or other final adjudication
adverse to the Officer or Director establishes that his acts were
committed in bad faith or were the result of an act of deliberate
dishonesty and were material to the cause of action so
adjudicated, or that he personally gained in fact a financial
profit or other advantage to which he was not entitled.


13.3  Officers and Directors of any wholly owned subsidiary serve
at the request of the Corporation for the purpose of this
Article.


13.4  The Directors may by resolution, authorize the
Corporation's Officers and Directors to serve as a Director or
Officer of any other corporation of any type or kind, domestic or
foreign, of any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise for the purpose of the
indemnification provisions of this Article.  The failure to enact
such a resolution shall not, in itself, create a presumption that
such service was not authorized.


I, William F. Terry, Secretary of TrustCo Bank Corp NY,
Schenectady, New York, hereby certify that the foregoing is a
complete, true and correct copy of the By-Laws of TrustCo Bank
Corp NY, and that the same are in full force and effect at this
date.



                     /s/William F. Terry
                     _____________________________________
                     Secretary


                       March 23, 1995
                     _____________________________________
                       Date
























                                                  Exhibit 10(a)
                     Employment Agreement
                          between
                    TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK
                            and
                     TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
                            and
                     ROBERT A. McCORMICK
































                        Employment Agreement

AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 1992, (the  Agreement ), by and
between TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK, a New York banking corporation
(the  Bank ) and TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY, a New York business
corporation (the  company ) (hereinafter referred to collectively
as the  Companies ), with principal offices at 320 State Street,
Schenectady, New York 12301, and ROBERT A. McCORMICK (the
Executive ), residing at 16 Greenlea Drive, Clifton Park, New
York  12065.
   1 .  Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the Executive
and the Executive agrees to serve the Companies as President and
Chief Executive Officer.
   2 .  Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on
January 1, 1992 and shall continue until December 31, 1994.
Beginning on January 1, 1995, and on January 1 of each and every
year thereafter, this Agreement shall renew, automatically, for
the succeeding three year term, unless the Executive is notified
by the method described in Paragraph 10 herein to the contrary (
Nonrenewal Notice ).  Nothing contained herein, however, shall be
construed to extend the Executive s right to employment beyond
the age of 65 years or the then mandatory retirement age in
effect at the Companies, whichever shall be greater.
   3 .  Services.  The Executive shall exert his best efforts and
devote substantially all of his time and attention to the affairs
of the Companies.  The Executive shall be the President and Chief
executive Officer of the Companies, and shall have full authority
and responsibility for the operation of the Companies, subject to
the general direction, approval, and control of the Boards of
Directors of the Companies, for formulating policies and
administering the Companies in all respects.  His powers shall
include the authority to hire and fire personnel of the
Companies, including employees who are also members of the Boards
of Directors, and to retain consultants when he deems necessary
in order to implement the Companies  policies.
   4 .  Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to include Executive s Annual Base
Salary plus executive incentive.  During the first twelve months
of employment pursuant to this Agreement, the Executive shall be
paid by the Companies the Annual Base Salary provided on Schedule
A attached hereto, which Annual Base Salary shall be paid
biweekly, plus executive incentive.  Thereafter, Annual
Compensation shall be negotiated between the parties hereto and
shall be deemed a part of this Agreement, provided, however, that
Annual Compensation shall not be less than Executive s Annual
Compensation for the immediately preceding calendar year.
   5 .  Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive, the Executive
shall be allowed to participate fully in any disability, death
benefit, retirement, pension or profit sharing plans maintained
by the Companies, pursuant to the terms of such plans.
   6 .  Termination of Employment.  In the event there is a
Termination (as hereinafter defined) of the Executive for any
reason other than for good cause (as hereinafter defined), death,
retirement or disability, the Executive shall receive, upon his
Termination of employment with either of the Companies, the
Termination Benefits set forth hereinbelow.  The Executive s
Termination for good cause shall be limited to the Executive s
having committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, or theft
constituting a felony, or an act intentionally against either of
the Companies which causes either Company material injury, or a
final determination by a court that the Executive has committed a
material breach of his duties and responsibilities in connection
with rendering services to either of the Companies pursuant to
this Agreement.
   7 .  Termination.  Termination shall include, but is not
limited to, (i) any reduction in the Executive s Annual
Compensation, disability, death, retirement, pension or profit
sharing benefits (unless such reduction shall have been applied
to all Bank employees as part of a validly adopted plan of cost
containment), responsibilities or duties, or (ii) either Company
s relocation or a change in the Executive s base location, or
(iii) a Nonrenewal Notice given pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this
Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of the Executive to
terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be communicated to
the Companies by the method described in Paragraph 10 hereof.
   8 .  Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:
   (a ) The Companies shall pay to the Executive the Executive s
full Annual Compensation through the effective date of his
Termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of
termination is given or at the time of Termination, if earlier,
and in addition
   (b ) The Companies shall pay to the Executive, at Executive s
option, either:  (i) within ten (10) days of his Termination an
additional lump sum amount equal to three (3) times the Annual
Compensation then in effect pursuant to paragraph 4 above, which
sum shall be reduced to present value as determined by a
certified public accountant to be agreed upon between the
parties, or (ii) three equal payments each in an amount equal to
the Executive s Annual Compensation then in effect, the first
such payment to be made within ten (10) days of the Termination
and each subsequent payment to be made annually on the
anniversary date of the initial payment and in addition
   (c ) The Companies shall pay to the Executive all benefits
payable to the Executive under the Companies  retirement, pension
and profit sharing plans, and in addition
   (d ) The Companies shall pay the Executive all legal fees and
expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition
   (e ) The Companies shall provide the Executive, for the
greater of one year or the remaining term of this Agreement
following his Termination, health insurance and group life
insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to his Termination.
   9 .  Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive
and hold him harmless for any acts or decisions made by him in
good faith while performing services for either of the Companies
and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage for him under
any insurance policy now in force or hereinafter obtained during
the term of this Agreement covering the other officers and
directors of the Companies against lawsuits.  The Companies will
pay all expenses, including attorneys  fees, actually and
necessarily incurred by the Executive in connection with the
defense of such act, suit or proceeding and in connection with
any appeal thereon including the cost of court settlements.
   10 . Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when mailed at
any general or branch United States Post Office enclosed in a
certified post paid envelope and addressed to the address of the
respective party stated below or to such changed address as such
party may have fixed by notice:
     To the Companies:  TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                        Trustco Bank New York
                        320 State Street
                        Schenectady, NY  12301

     To the Executive:  Robert A. McCormick
                        16 Greenlea Drive
                        Clifton Park, NY  12065

provided, however, that any notice of change of address shall be
effective only upon receipt.
   11 . Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their
successors and assigns, including, without limitation, any person
or entity which may acquire all or substantially all of either
Company s assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, his heirs, executors,
administrators and legal representatives.  The Executive may
assign his right to payment under this Agreement, but not his
obligations under this Agreement.
   12 . Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the
laws of the State of New York.
   13 . Modification.  This Agreement supersedes all prior
understandings and agreements between the parties, and may not be
amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed by the
parties hereto.

                                       TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
                                      BY/s/M. Norman Brickman

                                       TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK
                                      BY/s/M. Norman Brickman

                                      /s/Robert A. McCormick
                                      Robert A. McCormick



C011091BC1


















Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and Robert A. McCormick

Calendar Year             Annual Salary     Approval of Companies
    1992                     $550,000
    1993                     $650,000       /s/William F. Terry
    1994                     $700,000       /s/William F. Terry
    1995                     $720,000       /s/William F. Terry





                                    TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
                                    BY/s/M. Norman Brickman

                                    TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK
                                    BY/s/M. Norman Brickman

                                    AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE
                                    BY/S/Robert A. McCormick
                                    Robert A. McCormick










                         AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO
                    EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                     TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                     TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                        ROBERT A. MCCORMICK

                         WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York and
TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as the  Companies )
entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 1992,
(herein referred to as the  Agreement ); with Robert A. McCormick
(herein referred to as the  Executive ); and

     WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend the
Agreement, effective as of November 16, 1993;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended effective
June 21, 1993, in the following respect:

     Section 5 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety
and the following is substituted in lieu thereof:

      5.  Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  as further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

     a. The Executive shall be allowed to participate fully in
any disability, death benefit, retirement, pension or profit
sharing plans maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the terms
of such plans; and

     b. Upon termination of the Executive s employment due to
retirement or disability (both as defined in the Retirement Plan
of Trustco Bank New York), the Companies shall provide to the
Executive and his spouse, for the life of the Executive, the
health insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their medical insurance plan.  The Companies shall provide
to the Executive for his life the life insurance benefits
provided to retirees by the Companies under their life insurance
plan.  The obligations of the Companies pursuant to this
subparagraph b. shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Companies and the Executive have
executed this Amendment No. 1 this  16  day of November, 1993.

TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK                   TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
BY/s/William F. Terry                   BY/s/William F. Terry
  Secretary                               Secretary

                                         /s/Robert A. McCormick
                                          Robert A. McCormick



                                                    Exhibit 10(b)
                          AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO
                     EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT AMONG
                      TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                       TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                         ROBERT A. MCCORMICK

   WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York and TrustCo Bank Corp NY
(herein referred to as the  Companies ) entered into an
Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 1992, (herein
referred to as the  Agreement ); with Robert A. McCormick (herein
referred to as the  Executive ); and

   WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend the
Agreement, effective as of June 21, 1994;

   NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended effective as
of June 21, 1994, in the following respects:

I.

   The following subparagraph (f) is hereby added to Section 8 of
the Agreement:

    (f) In the event of Termination (as described in Sections 6
and 7 herein), if the Termination Benefits paid to the Executive
under this Agreement or any other agreement are subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 (the  Excise Tax ), then the Companies will pay to the
Executive, within ten (10) days after the date the Excise Tax is
determined to be due, an additional amount ( Gross Up ) such that
the net amount retained by the Executive after (i) deduction of
any Excise Tax on the Termination Benefits and any other benefits
subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) any Federal, state and local
income taxes and Excise Tax upon the payment provided for in this
subparagraph (f), shall be equal to the Termination Benefits.
For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross Up, the
Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal, State and local income
taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the calendar
year in which the Termination Benefits are to be  made.  State
and local income taxes shall be determined based upon the state
and locality of the Executive s domicile on Termination.  The
determination of whether such Excise Tax is payable and the
amount thereof shall be based upon the opinion of tax counsel
selected by the Companies and acceptable to the Executive.  If
such opinion is not finally accepted by the Internal Revenue
Service upon audit, then appropriate adjustments shall be
computed (without interest but with Gross Up, if applicable) by
such tax counsel based upon the final amount of the Excise Tax so
determined.  The adjusted  amount shall be paid by the
appropriate party in one lump cash sum within thirty (30) days of
such computation.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Companies and the Executive have
executed this Amendment NO. 2 this  1st  day of September, 1994.

TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK                      TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
BY:/s/William F. Terry                  BY:/s/William F. Terry
    Secretary                               Secretary

                                          /s/Robert A. McCormick
                                           Robert A. McCormick




                         AMENDMENT NO. 3
                               TO
                  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                  TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                   TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                      ROBERT A. McCORMICK


   WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with Robert A. McCormick (herein referred
to as the "Executive"); and
   WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from a
state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
   WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
   NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement is
hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.
   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No.
3 to be executed this 13th day of February, 1995.
TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL           TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By:/s/William F. Terry                  By:/s/William F. Terry
Title:  Secretary                       Title:  Secretary

                                        /s/Robert A. McCormick
                                        Robert A. McCormick



                                                Exhibit 10(c)








                        EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                               among

                       TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                and

                        TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                and

                         ROBERT T. CUSHING


                         EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


   AGREEMENT, dated as of June 21, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and
among Trustco Bank New York (the "Bank"), a New York banking
corporation, and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company"), a New York
business corporation (hereinafter referred to collectively as the
"Companies"), with principal offices at 192 Erie Boulevard,
Schenectady, New York 12305-1808, and Robert T. Cushing (the
"Executive"), residing at 6 Carriage Hill Drive, Latham, New York
12211.

        Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the Executive
and the executive agrees to serve the Companies as an Executive.

   1.   Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on June
21, 1994 and shall continue until December 31, 1994.  Beginning
on January 1, 1995, and on January 1 of each and every year
thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an
additional year on the same terms and conditions, except to the
extent modified in writing, unless the Executive is notified by
the method set forth in Paragraph 11 herein that Executive has
been terminated ("Nonrenewal Notice").  Nothing contained herein,
however, shall be construed to extend the Executive's right to
employment beyond the age of 65 years or the then mandatory
retirement age in effect, whichever shall be greater.

   2.   Purpose and Effect.  The purpose of this Agreement is to
provide Termination Benefits, as defined in Paragraph 9 hereof,
in the event of a Termination, as defined in Paragraph 8 hereof.

   3.   Service.  The Executive shall exert Executive's best
efforts and devote substantially all of Executive's time and
attention to the affairs of the Bank.  The Executive shall
perform all the services and duties necessary or appropriate for
the management of the Bank's businesses, subject to the general
direction, approval, and control of the Chief Executive Officer
and his designees.

   4.   Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to be the Executive's Annual Base
Salary.  Commencing May 20, 1994, Executive shall be paid by the
Companies, the Annual Base Salary established on Schedule A
attached hereto (which base salary shall be paid in bi-weekly
installments).  Thereafter, Annual Base Salary shall continue at
such level or such other level as may have been agreed to among
the parties and evidenced as provided in this Paragraph, until
renegotiated among the parties hereto and either confirmed in a
writing signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or a
member of the Board of Directors of the Companies, or endorsed on
Schedule A and signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or
by a member of the Board of Directors of the Companies.

   5.   Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

        6.   The Executive shall be eligible to participate fully
in any retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension or
profit sharing plans maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the
terms of such plans.  Nothing in this agreement shall be
construed as a waiver of any of the terms of or conditions
precedent to participation in such plans; and

        7.   Upon termination of the Executive's employment due
to retirement or disability (both as defined in the Retirement
Plan of Trustco Bank New York), the Companies shall provide to
the Executive and his spouse, for the life of the Executive, the
health insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their medical insurance plan.  The Companies shall provide
to the Executive for his life the life insurance benefits
provided to retirees by the Companies under their life insurance
plan.  The obligations of the Companies pursuant to this
subparagraph (b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

   8.   Termination of Employment.

        9.   If there shall be a Termination (as defined in
Paragraph 8 hereof) of the Executive from the Companies within
two (2) years after a change in control of either Company, for
any reason other than for good cause, death, retirement at the
mandatory retirement age, or disability, the Executive shall
receive upon his Termination with either of the Companies, the
Termination Benefits set forth herein.  The Executive's
Termination for good cause shall be limited to the Executive's
having committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, or theft,
constituting a felony or any act intentionally against either of
the Companies which causes either Company material injury, or a
final determination by a court that the Executive has committed a
material breach of his duties and responsibilities in connection
with rendering services to either of the Companies pursuant to
this Agreement.

        10.  A "change in control" of either Company means any of
the following events:  (i) any individual, corporation (other
than either Company), partnership, trust, association, pool,
syndicate, or any other entity or any group of persons acting in
concert becomes the beneficial owner, as that concept is defined
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of
securities of either Company possessing twenty percent (20%) or
more of the voting power for the election of directors of either
Company; (ii) there shall be consummated any consolidation,
merger or other business combination involving either Company or
the securities of either Company in which holders of voting
securities of either Company immediately prior to such
consummation own, as a group, immediately after such
consummation, voting securities of either Company (or, if either
Company does not survive such transaciton, voting securities of
the corporation or corporations surviving such transaction)
having less than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power in
an election of directors of either Company (or such other
surviving corporation or corporations); (iii) during any period
of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of
such period constitute the directors of either Company cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
election, or the nomination for election by either Company's
shareholders, of each new director of either Company was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors of the
applicable Company then still in office who were directors of
such Company at the beginning of any such period; (iv) removal by
the stockholders of all or any of the incumbent directors of
either Company other than a removal for cause; and (v) there
shall be consummated any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer
(in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all, of the assets of either Company (on a
consolidated basis) to a party which is not controlled by or
under common control with the Companies.

        11.  Notice of Termination shall be communicated by the
terminating party to the other parties to this Agreement pursuant
to Paragraph 11 hereof.

   12.  Termination.  Termination shall include, but is not
limited to, (i) any reduction in the Executive's Annual Base
Salary, executive incentive compensation, disability, death,
retirement, pension or profit sharing benefits (unless such
reductions shall have been applied to all Bank employees as a
part of a validly adopted plan of cost containment),
responsibilities or duties, or (ii) either Companies' relocation
or a change in the Executive's base location, or (iii) a
Nonrenewal Notice given pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this
Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of the Executive to
terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be communicated to
the Companies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof.

   13.  Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:

        14.  The Companies shall pay to the Executive the
Executive's full compensation through the effective date of his
Termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of
Termination is given or at the time of Termination, if earlier,
and in addition

        15.  The Companies shall pay to the Executive within ten
(10) days of Termination a lump sum amount equal to two (2) times
the Executive's Annual Base Salary then in effect, and in
addition

        16.  The Companies shall pay to the Executive all
benefits payable to the Executive under the Companies'
retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension and profit
sharing plans, and in addition

        17.  The Companies shall pay to the Executive all legal
fees and expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition

        18.  The Companies shall provide the Executive, for one
year following his Termination, Health Insurance and Group Life
Insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to his Termination, and in
addition

        19.  In the event the Termination Benefits paid to the
Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement are subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (the "Excise Tax"), then the Companies will pay to
the Executive, within ten (10) days after the date the Excise Tax
is determined to be due, an additional amount ("Gross Up") such
that the net amount retained by the Executive after deduction of
(i) any Excise Tax on the Termination Benefits and any other
benefits subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) any Federal, State
and local income taxes and Excise Tax upon the payment provided
for in this subparagraph (f), shall be equal to the Termination
Benefits.  For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross
Up, the Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal, State and local
income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the
calendar year in which the Termination Benefits are to be made.
State and local income taxes shall be determined based upon the
state and locality of the Executive's domicile on Termination.
The determination of whether such Excise Tax is payable and the
amount thereof shall be based upon the opinion of tax counsel
selected by the Companies and acceptable to the Executive.  If
such opinion is not finally accepted by the Internal Revenue
Service upon audit, then appropriate adjustments shall be
computed (without interest but with Gross Up, if applicable) by
such tax counsel based upon the final amount of the Excise Tax so
determined.  The adjusted amount shall be paid by the appropriate
party in one lump cash sum within thirty (30) days of such
computation.

   20.  Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive
and hold Executive harmless for any acts or decisions made by
Executive in good faith while performing services for either of
the Companies and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage
for Executive under any insurance policy now in force or
hereinafter obtained during the term of this Agreement covering
the other officers and directors of the Companies against
lawsuits.  The Companies will pay all expenses, including
attorney's fees, actually and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with any appeal thereon including the
cost of court settlements.

   21.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
personally delivered or mailed at any general or branch United
States Post Office enclosed in a post paid envelope and addressed
to the address of the respective party stated below or to such
changed address as such party may have fixed by notice.

        To the Companies :  TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                            Trustco Bank New York
                            192 Erie Boulevard
                            Schenectady, NY  12305-1808

        To the Executive :  Robert T. Cushing
                            6 Carriage Hill Drive
                            Latham, NY  12211

   Provided, however, that any notice of change of address shall
be effective only upon receipt.

   22.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their
successors and assigns, including without limitation, any person
or entity which may acquire all or substantially all of either
Company's assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, as well as Executive's
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The
Executive may assign the right to payment under this Agreement,
but not obligations under this Agreement.

   23.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the
laws of the State of New York.

   24.  Complete Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior
understandings and agreements between the parties, and may not be
amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed by the
parties hereto.
   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement on June 21, 1994.



                              TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

ATTEST:                       By:/s/Robert M. Mccormick
/s/William F. Terry              President and Chief Executive
Secretary                        Officer
"Company"



                              TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

ATTEST:                       By:/s/Robert M. McCormick
/s/William F. Terry              President and Chief Executive
Secretary                        Officer
  "Bank"



                              /s/Robert T. Cushing
                              Robert T. Cushing

    Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and Robert T. Cushing

Calendar Year         Annual Salary       Approval of Companies
     1994             $230,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1995             $240,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick






                                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE

                                /s/Robert T. Cushing
                                 Robert T. Cushing










                            AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                  TO
                   EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                     TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                      TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                         ROBERT T. CUSHING


      WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with Robert T. Cushing (herein referred to
as the "Executive"); and
      WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from
a state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
      WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
      NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement
is hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 1
to be executed this 14th day of February, 1995.


TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By:/s/Robert A. McCormick            By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
Title:President and CEO              Title:President and CEO


/s/Robert T. Cushing
Robert T. Cushing





                                                   Exhibit 10(d)
                 RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                   among

                           TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                    and

                           TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                    and

                             NANCY A. McNAMARA

                       RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



      WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (the "Bank"), a New York
banking corporation, and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company"), a
New York business corporation (herein referred to collectively as
the "Companies") entered into an Employment Agreement dated July
15, 1992 (herein referred to as the "Agreement") with Nancy A.
McNamara (herein referred to as the "Executive"); and

      WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend
and restate the Agreement in its entirety effective as of June
21, 1994;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety effective June 21, 1994, so that it
shall read as follows:

     Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the Executive and
the executive agrees to serve the Companies as an Executive.

1.  Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 15,
1992 and shall continue until December 31, 1992.  Beginning on
January 1, 1993, and on January 1 of each and every year
thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an
additional year on the same terms and conditions, except to the
extent modified in writing, unless the Executive is notified by
the method set forth in Paragraph 11 herein that Executive has
been terminated ("Nonrenewal Notice").  Nothing contained herein,
however, shall be construed to extend the Executive's right to
employment beyond the age of 65 years or the then mandatory
retirement age in effect, whichever shall be greater.

2.  Purpose and Effect.  The purpose of this Agreement is to
provide Termination Benefits, as defined in Paragraph 9 hereof,
in the event of a Termination, as defined in Paragraph 8 hereof.

3.  Service.  The Executive shall exert Executive's best efforts
and devote substantially all of Executive's time and attention to
the affairs of the Bank.  The Executive shall perform all the
services and duties necessary or appropriate for the management
of the Bank's businesses, subject to the general direction,
approval, and control of the Chief Executive Officer and his
designees.

4.  Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to be the Executive's Annual Base
Salary.  Commencing January 1, 1992, Executive shall be paid by
the Companies, the Annual Base Salary established on Schedule A
attached hereto (which base salary shall be paid in bi-weekly
installments).  Thereafter, Annual Base Salary shall continue at
such level or such other level as may have been agreed to among
the parties and evidenced as provided in this Paragraph, until
renegotiated among the parties hereto and either confirmed in a
writing signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or a
member of the Board of Directors of the Companies, or endorsed on
Schedule A and signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or
by a member of the Board of Directors of the Companies.

5.  Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

(a)   The Executive shall be eligible to participate fully in any
retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension or profit
sharing plans maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the terms
of such plans.  Nothing in this agreement shall be construed as a
waiver of any of the terms of or conditions precedent to
participation in such plans; and

                                (b)   Upon termination of the
Executive's employment due to retirement or disability (both as
defined in the Retirement Plan of Trustco Bank New York), the
Companies shall provide to the Executive and her spouse, for the
life of the Executive, the health insurance benefits provided to
retirees by the Companies under their medical insurance plan.
The Companies shall provide to the Executive for her life the
life insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their life insurance plan.  The obligations of the
Companies pursuant to this subparagraph (b) shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.

6.  Termination of Employment.

(a)   If there shall be a Termination (as defined in Paragraph 8
hereof) of the Executive from the Companies within two (2) years
after a change in control of either Company, for any reason other
than for good cause, death, retirement at the mandatory
retirement age, or disability, the Executive shall receive upon
her Termination with either of the Companies, the Termination
Benefits set forth herein.  The Executive's Termination for good
cause shall be limited to the Executive's having committed an act
of fraud, embezzlement, or theft, constituting a felony or any
act intentionally against either of the Companies which causes
either Company material injury, or a final determination by a
court that the Executive has committed a material breach of her
duties and responsibilities in connection with rendering services
to either of the Companies pursuant to this Agreement.

(b)   A "change in control" of either Company means any of the
following events:  (i) any individual, corporation (other than
either Company), partnership, trust, association, pool,
syndicate, or any other entity or any group of persons acting in
concert becomes the beneficial owner, as that concept is defined
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of
securities of either Company possessing twenty percent (20%) or
more of the voting power for the election of directors of either
Company; (ii) there shall be consummated any consolidation,
merger or other business combination involving either Company or
the securities of either Company in which holders of voting
securities of either Company immediately prior to such
consummation own, as a group, immediately after such
consummation, voting securities of either Company (or, if either
Company does not survive such transaction, voting securities of
the corporation or corporations surviving such transaction)
having less than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power in
an election of directors of either Company (or such other
surviving corporation or corporations); (iii) during any period
of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of
such period constitute the directors of either Company cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
election, or the nomination for election by either Company's
shareholders, of each new director of either Company was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors of the
applicable Company then still in office who were directors of
such Company at the beginning of any such period; (iv) removal by
the stockholders of all or any of the incumbent directors of
either Company other than a removal for cause; and (v) there
shall be consummated any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer
(in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all, of the assets of either Company (on a
consolidated basis) to a party which is not controlled by or
under common control with the Companies.

(c)   Notice of Termination shall be communicated by the
terminating party to the other parties to this Agreement pursuant
to Paragraph 11 hereof.

7.  Termination.  Termination shall include, but is not limited
to, (i) any reduction in the Executive's Annual Base Salary,
executive incentive compensation, disability, death, retirement,
pension or profit sharing benefits (unless such reductions shall
have been applied to all Bank employees as a part of a validly
adopted plan of cost containment), responsibilities or duties, or
(ii) either Companies' relocation or a change in the Executive's
base location, or (iii) a Nonrenewal Notice given pursuant to
Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of
the Executive to terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be
communicated to the Companies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof.

8.  Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:

(a)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive the Executive's
full compensation through the effective date of her Termination
at the rate in effect at the time notice of Termination is given
or at the time of Termination, if earlier, and in addition

(b)The Companies shall pay to the Executive within ten (10) days
of Termination a lump sum amount equal to two (2) times the
Executive's Annual Base Salary then in effect, and in addition

(c)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive all benefits
payable to the Executive under the Companies' retirement,
executive incentive compensation, pension and profit sharing
plans, and in addition

(d)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive all legal fees and
expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition

(e)   The Companies shall provide the Executive, for one year
following her Termination, Health Insurance and Group Life
Insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to her Termination, and in
addition

(f)   In the event the Termination Benefits paid to the Executive
under this Agreement or any other agreement are subject to the
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 (the "Excise Tax"), then the Companies will pay to the
Executive, within ten (10) days after the date the Excise Tax is
determined to be due, an additional amount ("Gross Up") such that
the net amount retained by the Executive after deduction of (i)
any Excise Tax on the Termination Benefits and any other benefits
subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) any Federal, State and local
income taxes and Excise Tax upon the payment provided for in this
subparagraph (f), shall be equal to the Termination Benefits.
For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross Up, the
Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal, State and local income
taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the calendar
year in which the Termination Benefits are to be made.  State and
local income taxes shall be determined based upon the state and
locality of the Executive's domicile on Termination.  The
determination of whether such Excise Tax is payable and the
amount thereof shall be based upon the opinion of tax counsel
selected by the Companies and acceptable to the Executive.  If
such opinion is not finally accepted by the Internal Revenue
Service upon audit, then appropriate adjustments shall be
computed (without interest but with Gross Up, if applicable) by
such tax counsel based upon the final amount of the Excise Tax so
determined.  The adjusted amount shall be paid by the appropriate
party in one lump cash sum within thirty (30) days of such
computation.

9.  Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive and
hold Executive harmless for any acts or decisions made by
Executive in good faith while performing services for either of
the Companies and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage
for Executive under any insurance policy now in force or
hereinafter obtained during the term of this Agreement covering
the other officers and directors of the Companies against
lawsuits.  The Companies will pay all expenses, including
attorney's fees, actually and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with any appeal thereon including the
cost of court settlements.

10.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
personally delivered or mailed at any general or branch United
States Post Office enclosed in a post paid envelope and addressed
to the address of the respective party stated below or to such
changed address as such party may have fixed by notice.

To the Companies:
                                TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                                Trustco Bank New York
                                192 Erie Boulevard
                                Schenectady, NY  12305-1808

To the Executive:               Nancy A. McNamara
                                26 Berkshire Drive West
                                Clifton Park, NY  12065

    Provided, however, that any notice of change of address shall
be effective only upon receipt.

11. Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their successors
and assigns, including without limitation, any person or entity
which may acquire all or substantially all of either Company's
assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, as well as Executive's
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The
Executive may assign the right to payment under this Agreement,
but not obligations under this Agreement.

12. Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws
of the State of New York.

13. Complete Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior
understandings and agreements between the parties, and may not be
amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed by the
parties hereto.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Restated Agreement on June 21, 1994.




                                 TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

ATTEST:                         By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry             Officer                 "Company"
Secretary



                                TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK
ATTEST:                         By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                               President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry             Officer                   "Bank"
Secretary



                                     /s/Nancy A. McNamara
                                      Nancy A. McNamara



    Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and Nancy A. Mcnamara

Calendar Year         Annual Salary      Approval of Companies

     1992             $160,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1993              200,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1994              230,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1995              240,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick


                                   TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                    By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                   TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK


                                    By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer




                                 AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE
                                 /s/Nancy A. McNamara
                                    Nancy A. McNamara




                              AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                    TO
                       EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                         TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                         TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                             NANCY A. McNAMARA


     WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with Nancy A. McNamara (herein referred to
as the "Executive"); and
WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from a
state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
     WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
     NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement is
hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment
No. 1 to be executed this 14th day of February, 1995.
TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By: /s/Robert A. McCormick            By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
Title: President and CEO           Title: President and CEO

                                        /s/Nancy A. McNamara
                                          Nancy A. McNamara




                                                 Exhibit 10(e)





                    RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                   among

                           TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                    and

                           TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                    and

                             WILLIAM F. TERRY

                       RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



     WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (the "Bank"), a New York
banking corporation, and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company"), a
New York business corporation (herein referred to collectively as
the "Companies") entered into an Employment Agreement dated July
15, 1992 (herein referred to as the "Agreement") with William F.
Terry (herein referred to as the "Executive"); and

     WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend and
restate the Agreement in its entirety effective as of June 21,
1994;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety effective June 21, 1994, so that it shall read as
follows:

          Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the
Executive and the executive agrees to serve the Companies as an
Executive.

     1.   Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on
July 15, 1992 and shall continue until December 31, 1992.
Beginning on January 1, 1993, and on January 1 of each and every
year thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an
additional year on the same terms and conditions, except to the
extent modified in writing, unless the Executive is notified by
the method set forth in Paragraph 11 herein that Executive has
been terminated ("Nonrenewal Notice").  Nothing contained herein,
however, shall be construed to extend the Executive's right to
employment beyond the age of 65 years or the then mandatory
retirement age in effect, whichever shall be greater.

     2.   Purpose and Effect.  The purpose of this Agreement is
to provide Termination Benefits, as defined in Paragraph 9
hereof, in the event of a Termination, as defined in Paragraph 8
hereof.

     3.   Service.  The Executive shall exert Executive's best
efforts and devote substantially all of Executive's time and
attention to the affairs of the Bank.  The Executive shall
perform all the services and duties necessary or appropriate for
the management of the Bank's businesses, subject to the general
direction, approval, and control of the Chief Executive Officer
and his designees.

     4.   Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to be the Executive's Annual Base
Salary.  Commencing January 1, 1992, Executive shall be paid by
the Companies, the Annual Base Salary established on Schedule A
attached hereto (which base salary shall be paid in bi-weekly
installments).  Thereafter, Annual Base Salary shall continue at
such level or such other level as may have been agreed to among
the parties and evidenced as provided in this Paragraph, until
renegotiated among the parties hereto and either confirmed in a
writing signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or a
member of the Board of Directors of the Companies, or endorsed on
Schedule A and signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or
by a member of the Board of Directors of the Companies.

     5.   Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

          (a)  The Executive shall be eligible to participate
fully in any retirement, executive incentive compensation,
pension or profit sharing plans maintained by the Companies,
pursuant to the terms of such plans.  Nothing in this agreement
shall be construed as a waiver of any of the terms of or
conditions precedent to participation in such plans; and

          (b)  Upon termination of the Executive's employment due
to retirement or disability (both as defined in the Retirement
Plan of Trustco Bank New York), the Companies shall provide to
the Executive and his spouse, for the life of the Executive, the
health insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their medical insurance plan.  The Companies shall provide
to the Executive for his life the life insurance benefits
provided to retirees by the Companies under their life insurance
plan.  The obligations of the Companies pursuant to this
subparagraph (b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     6.   Termination of Employment.

          (a)  If there shall be a Termination (as defined in
Paragraph 8 hereof) of the Executive from the Companies within
two (2) years after a change in control of either Company, for
any reason other than for good cause, death, retirement at the
mandatory retirement age, or disability, the Executive shall
receive upon his Termination with either of the Companies, the
Termination Benefits set forth herein.  The Executive's
Termination for good cause shall be limited to the Executive's
having committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, or theft,
constituting a felony or any act intentionally against either of
the Companies which causes either Company material injury, or a
final determination by a court that the Executive has committed a
material breach of his duties and responsibilities in connection
with rendering services to either of the Companies pursuant to
this Agreement.

          (b)  A "change in control" of either Company means any
of the following events:  (i) any individual, corporation (other
than either Company), partnership, trust, association, pool,
syndicate, or any other entity or any group of persons acting in
concert becomes the beneficial owner, as that concept is defined
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of
securities of either Company possessing twenty percent (20%) or
more of the voting power for the election of directors of either
Company; (ii) there shall be consummated any consolidation,
merger or other business combination involving either Company or
the securities of either Company in which holders of voting
securities of either Company immediately prior to such
consummation own, as a group, immediately after such
consummation, voting securities of either Company (or, if either
Company does not survive such transaction, voting securities of
the corporation or corporations surviving such transaction)
having less than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power in
an election of directors of either Company (or such other
surviving corporation or corporations); (iii) during any period
of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of
such period constitute the directors of either Company cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
election, or the nomination for election by either Company's
shareholders, of each new director of either Company was approved
by a vote of at least two- thirds of the directors of the
applicable Company then still in office who were directors of
such Company at the beginning of any such period; (iv) removal by
the stockholders of all or any of the incumbent directors of
either Company other than a removal for cause; and (v) there
shall be consummated any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer
(in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all, of the assets of either Company (on a
consolidated basis) to a party which is not controlled by or
under common control with the Companies.

          (c)  Notice of Termination shall be communicated by the
terminating party to the other parties to this Agreement pursuant
to Paragraph 11 hereof.

     7.   Termination.  Termination shall include, but is not
limited to, (i) any reduction in the Executive's Annual Base
Salary, executive incentive compensation, disability, death,
retirement, pension or profit sharing benefits (unless such
reductions shall have been applied to all Bank employees as a
part of a validly adopted plan of cost containment),
responsibilities or duties, or (ii) either Companies' relocation
or a change in the Executive's base location, or (iii) a
Nonrenewal Notice given pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this
Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of the Executive to
terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be communicated to
the Companies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof.

     8.   Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:

          (a)  The Companies shall pay to the Executive the
Executive's full compensation through the effective date of his
Termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of
Termination is given or at the time of Termination, if earlier,
and in addition

          (b)  The Companies shall pay to the Executive within
ten (10) days of Termination a lump sum amount equal to two (2)
times the Executive's Annual Base Salary then in effect, and in
addition

          (c)  The Companies shall pay to the Executive all
benefits payable to the Executive under the Companies'
retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension and profit
sharing plans, and in addition

          (d)  The Companies shall pay to the Executive all legal
fees and expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition

          (e)  The Companies shall provide the Executive, for one
year following his Termination, Health Insurance and Group Life
Insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to his Termination, and in
addition

          (f)  In the event the Termination Benefits paid to the
Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement are subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (the "Excise Tax"), then the Companies will pay to
the Executive, within ten (10) days after the date the Excise Tax
is determined to be due, an additional amount ("Gross Up") such
that the net amount retained by the Executive after deduction of
(i) any Excise Tax on the Termination Benefits and any other
benefits subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) any Federal, State
and local income taxes and Excise Tax upon the payment provided
for in this subparagraph (f), shall be equal to the Termination
Benefits.  For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross
Up, the Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal, State and local
income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the
calendar year in which the Termination Benefits are to be made.
State and local income taxes shall be determined based upon the
state and locality of the Executive's domicile on Termination.
The determination of whether such Excise Tax is payable and the
amount thereof shall be based upon the opinion of tax counsel
selected by the Companies and acceptable to the Executive.  If
such opinion is not finally accepted by the Internal Revenue
Service upon audit, then appropriate adjustments shall be
computed (without interest but with Gross Up, if applicable) by
such tax counsel based upon the final amount of the Excise Tax so
determined.  The adjusted amount shall be paid by the appropriate
party in one lump cash sum within thirty (30) days of such
computation.

     9.   Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive
and hold Executive harmless for any acts or decisions made by
Executive in good faith while performing services for either of
the Companies and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage
for Executive under any insurance policy now in force or
hereinafter obtained during the term of this Agreement covering
the other officers and directors of the Companies against
lawsuits.  The Companies will pay all expenses, including
attorney's fees, actually and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with any appeal thereon including the
cost of court settlements.

     10.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
personally delivered or mailed at any general or branch United
States Post Office enclosed in a post paid envelope and addressed
to the address of the respective party stated below or to such
changed address as such party may have fixed by notice.

          To the Companies:   TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                              Trustco Bank New York
                              192 Erie Boulevard
                              Schenectady, NY  12305-1808

          To the Executive:   William F. Terry
                              29 St. Agnes Lane
                              Loudonville, NY  12211

     Provided, however, that any notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

     11.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their
successors and assigns, including without limitation, any person
or entity which may acquire all or substantially all of either
Company's assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, as well as Executive's
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The
Executive may assign the right to payment under this Agreement,
but not obligations under this Agreement.

     12.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by the
laws of the State of New York.

     13.  Complete Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all
prior understandings and agreements between the parties, and may
not be amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed
by the parties hereto.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Restated Agreement on June 21, 1994.



                              TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY



ATTEST:                       By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                 President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry              Officer             "Company"
Secretary


                              TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK



ATTEST:                       By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                 President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry              Officer             "Bank"
Secretary


                              /s/William F. Terry
                              William F. Terry

     Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and William F. Terry

Calendar Year         Annual Salary     Approval of Companies

     1992             $160,000.00       /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1993              200,000.00       /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1994              230,000.00       /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1995              240,000.00       /s/Robert A. McCormick



                                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE


                                /s/William F. Terry
                                William F. Terry








                              AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                    TO
                       EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                         TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                         TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                             WILLIAM F. TERRY


     WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with William F. Terry (herein referred to
as the "Executive"); and
     WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from
a state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
     WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
     NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement is
hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment
No. 1 to be executed this 14th day of February, 1995.
TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By:/s/Robert A. McCormick       By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
Title: President and CEO        Title: President and CEO

                                /s/William F. Terry
                                William F. Terry





                                                   Exhibit 10(f)










                   RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                   among

                           TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                    and

                           TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                    and

                             RALPH A. PIDGEON

                       RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



     WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (the "Bank"), a New York
banking corporation, and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company"), a
New York business corporation (herein referred to collectively as
the "Companies") entered into an Employment Agreement dated July
15, 1992 (herein referred to as the "Agreement") with Ralph A.
Pidgeon (herein referred to as the "Executive"); and

     WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend and
restate the Agreement in its entirety effective as of June 21,
1994;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety effective June 21, 1994, so that it shall read as
follows:

Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the Executive and the
executive agrees to serve the Companies as an Executive.

     1.  Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on July
15, 1992 and shall continue until December 31, 1992.  Beginning
on January 1, 1993, and on January 1 of each and every year
thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for an
additional year on the same terms and conditions, except to the
extent modified in writing, unless the Executive is notified by
the method set forth in Paragraph 11 herein that Executive has
been terminated ("Nonrenewal Notice").  Nothing contained herein,
however, shall be construed to extend the Executive's right to
employment beyond the age of 65 years or the then mandatory
retirement age in effect, whichever shall be greater.

     2.  Purpose and Effect.  The purpose of this Agreement is to
provide Termination Benefits, as defined in Paragraph 9 hereof,
in the event of a Termination, as defined in Paragraph 8 hereof.

     3.  Service.  The Executive shall exert Executive's best
efforts and devote substantially all of Executive's time and
attention to the affairs of the Bank.  The Executive shall
perform all the services and duties necessary or appropriate for
the management of the Bank's businesses, subject to the general
direction, approval, and control of the Chief Executive Officer
and his designees.

     4.  Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to be the Executive's Annual Base
Salary.  Commencing January 1, 1992, Executive shall be paid by
the Companies, the Annual Base Salary established on Schedule A
attached hereto (which base salary shall be paid in bi-weekly
installments).  Thereafter, Annual Base Salary shall continue at
such level or such other level as may have been agreed to among
the parties and evidenced as provided in this Paragraph, until
renegotiated among the parties hereto and either confirmed in a
writing signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or a
member of the Board of Directors of the Companies, or endorsed on
Schedule A and signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or
by a member of the Board of Directors of the Companies.

     5.  Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

     (a)   The Executive shall be eligible to participate fully
in any retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension or
profit sharing plans maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the
terms of such plans.  Nothing in this agreement shall be
construed as a waiver of any of the terms of or conditions
precedent to participation in such plans; and

     (b)   Upon termination of the Executive's employment due to
retirement or disability (both as defined in the Retirement Plan
of Trustco Bank New York), the Companies shall provide to the
Executive and his spouse, for the life of the Executive, the
health insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their medical insurance plan.  The Companies shall provide
to the Executive for his life the life insurance benefits
provided to retirees by the Companies under their life insurance
plan.  The obligations of the Companies pursuant to this
subparagraph (b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     6.  Termination of Employment.

     (a)   If there shall be a Termination (as defined in
Paragraph 8 hereof) of the Executive from the Companies within
two (2) years after a change in control of either Company, for
any reason other than for good cause, death, retirement at the
mandatory retirement age, or disability, the Executive shall
receive upon his Termination with either of the Companies, the
Termination Benefits set forth herein.  The Executive's
Termination for good cause shall be limited to the Executive's
having committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, or theft,
constituting a felony or any act intentionally against either of
the Companies which causes either Company material injury, or a
final determination by a court that the Executive has committed a
material breach of his duties and responsibilities in connection
with rendering services to either of the Companies pursuant to
this Agreement.

     (b)   A "change in control" of either Company means any of
the following events:  (i) any individual, corporation (other
than either Company), partnership, trust, association, pool,
syndicate, or any other entity or any group of persons acting in
concert becomes the beneficial owner, as that concept is defined
in Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of
securities of either Company possessing twenty percent (20%) or
more of the voting power for the election of directors of either
Company; (ii) there shall be consummated any consolidation,
merger or other business combination involving either Company or
the securities of either Company in which holders of voting
securities of either Company immediately prior to such
consummation own, as a group, immediately after such
consummation, voting securities of either Company (or, if either
Company does not survive such transaction, voting securities of
the corporation or corporations surviving such transaction)
having less than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power in
an election of directors of either Company (or such other
surviving corporation or corporations); (iii) during any period
of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of
such period constitute the directors of either Company cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof unless the
election, or the nomination for election by either Company's
shareholders, of each new director of either Company was approved
by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors of the
applicable Company then still in office who were directors of
such Company at the beginning of any such period; (iv) removal by
the stockholders of all or any of the incumbent directors of
either Company other than a removal for cause; and (v) there
shall be consummated any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer
(in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all
or substantially all, of the assets of either Company (on a
consolidated basis) to a party which is not controlled by or
under common control with the Companies.

     (c)   Notice of Termination shall be communicated by the
terminating party to the other parties to this Agreement pursuant
to Paragraph 11 hereof.

     7.                         Termination.  Termination shall
include, but is not limited to, (i) any reduction in the
Executive's Annual Base Salary, executive incentive compensation,
disability, death, retirement, pension or profit sharing benefits
(unless such reductions shall have been applied to all Bank
employees as a part of a validly adopted plan of cost
containment), responsibilities or duties, or (ii) either
Companies' relocation or a change in the Executive's base
location, or (iii) a Nonrenewal Notice given pursuant to
Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of
the Executive to terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be
communicated to the Companies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof.

     8.  Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:

     (a)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive the
Executive's full compensation through the effective date of his
Termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of
Termination is given or at the time of Termination, if earlier,
and in addition

     (b)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive within ten
(10) days of Termination a lump sum amount equal to two (2) times
the Executive's Annual Base Salary then in effect, and in
addition

      (c)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive all benefits
payable to the Executive under the Companies' retirement,
executive incentive compensation, pension and profit sharing
plans, and in addition

     (d)   The Companies shall pay to the Executive all legal
fees and expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition

     (e)   The Companies shall provide the Executive, for one
year following his Termination, Health Insurance and Group Life
Insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to his Termination, and in
addition

     (f)   In the event the Termination Benefits paid to the
Executive under this Agreement or any other agreement are subject
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (the "Excise Tax"), then the Companies will pay to
the Executive, within ten (10) days after the date the Excise Tax
is determined to be due, an additional amount ("Gross Up") such
that the net amount retained by the Executive after deduction of
(i) any Excise Tax on the Termination Benefits and any other
benefits subject to the Excise Tax, and (ii) any Federal, State
and local income taxes and Excise Tax upon the payment provided
for in this subparagraph (f), shall be equal to the Termination
Benefits.  For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross
Up, the Executive shall be deemed to pay Federal, State and local
income taxes at the highest marginal rate of taxation in the
calendar year in which the Termination Benefits are to be made.
State and local income taxes shall be determined based upon the
state and locality of the Executive's domicile on Termination.
The determination of whether such Excise Tax is payable and the
amount thereof shall be based upon the opinion of tax counsel
selected by the Companies and acceptable to the Executive.  If
such opinion is not finally accepted by the Internal Revenue
Service upon audit, then appropriate adjustments shall be
computed (without interest but with Gross Up, if applicable) by
such tax counsel based upon the final amount of the Excise Tax so
determined.  The adjusted amount shall be paid by the appropriate
party in one lump cash sum within thirty (30) days of such
computation.

     9.  Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive
and hold Executive harmless for any acts or decisions made by
Executive in good faith while performing services for either of
the Companies and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage
for Executive under any insurance policy now in force or
hereinafter obtained during the term of this Agreement covering
the other officers and directors of the Companies against
lawsuits.  The Companies will pay all expenses, including
attorney's fees, actually and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with any appeal thereon including the
cost of court settlements.

     10.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
personally delivered or mailed at any general or branch United
States Post Office enclosed in a post paid envelope and addressed
to the address of the respective party stated below or to such
changed address as such party may have fixed by notice.

To the Companies:    TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                     Trustco Bank New York
                     192 Erie Boulevard
                     Schenectady, NY  12305-1808

To the Executive:    Ralph A. Pidgeon
                     925 Marion Avenue
                     Schenectady, NY  12303

     Provided, however, that any notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

     11.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their
successors and assigns, including without limitation, any person
or entity which may acquire all or substantially all of either
Company's assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, as well as Executive's
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The
Executive may assign the right to payment under this Agreement,
but not obligations under this Agreement.

     12.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of New York.

     13.  Complete Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all
prior understandings and agreements between the parties, and may
not be amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed
by the parties hereto.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Restated Agreement on June 21, 1994.



                                    TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY



ATTEST:
                                  By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                  President and Chief  Executive
/s/William F. Terry             Officer                "Company"
Secretary



                                   TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK



ATTEST:                        By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                              President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry          Officer                     "Bank"
Secretary



                               /s/Ralph A. Pidgeon
                                Ralph A. Pidgeon


     Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and Ralph A. Pidgeon

Calendar Year         Annual Salary      Approval of Companies

     1992             $160,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1993              200,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1994              230,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1995              240,000.00        /s/Robert A. McCormick


                                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE


                                /s/Ralph A. Pidgeon
                                Ralph A. Pidgeon










                              AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                    TO
                       EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                         TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                         TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                             RALPH A. PIDGEON

      WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with Ralph A. Pidgeon (herein referred to
as the "Executive"); and
      WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from
a state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
      WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
      NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement
is hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment
No. 1 to be executed this 14th day of February, 1995.
TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By:/s/Robert A. McCormick       By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
Title:President and CEO         Title: President and CEO

                                /s/Ralph A. Pidgeon
                                Ralph A. Pidgeon



                                                   Exhibit 10(g)










                       EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                                  between

                           TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

                                    and

                           TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                    and

                             Peter A. Zakriski

                           EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



      AGREEMENT, dated as of July 15, 1992, (the  Agreement ), by
and between Trustco Bank New York (the "Bank"), a New York
banking corporation, and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company"), a
New York business corporation (hereinafter referred to
collectively as the "Companies"), with principal offices at 320
State Street, Schenectady, New York and Peter A. Zakriski ( the
Executive ), residing at 86 St. Stephen's Lane West, Scotia, New
York  12302.

      1.  Engagement.  The Companies agree to engage the
Executive and the Executive agrees to serve the Companies as an
Executive.

      2.  Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the
date first above written and shall continue until December 31,
1992.  Beginning on January 1, 1993, and on January 1 of each and
every year thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew
for an additional year on the same terms and conditions, except
to the extent modified in writing, unless the Executive is
notified by the method set forth in Paragraph 11 herein that
Executive has been terminated ("Nonrenewal Notice").  Nothing
contained herein, however, shall be construed to extend the
Executive's right to employment beyond the age of 65 years or the
then mandatory retirement age in effect, whichever shall be
greater.

      3.  Purpose and Effect.  The purpose of this Agreement is
to provide Termination Benefits, as defined in Paragraph 9
hereof, in the event of a Termination, as defined in Paragraph 8
hereof.

      4.  Service.  The Executive shall exert Executive's best
efforts and devote substantially all of Executive's time and
attention to the affairs of the Bank.  The Executive shall
perform all the services and duties necessary or appropriate for
the management of the Bank's businesses, subject to the general
direction, approval, and control of the Chief Executive Officer
and his designees.

      5.  Compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, Annual
Compensation shall be deemed to be the Executive's Annual Base
Salary.  Commencing January 1, 1992, Executive shall be paid by
the Companies, the Annual Base Salary established on Schedule A
attached hereto, (which base salary shall be paid in bi-weekly
installments).  Thereafter, Annual Base Salary shall continue at
such level or such other level as may have been agreed to among
the parties and evidenced as provided in this Paragraph, until
renegotiated among the parties hereto and either confirmed in a
writing signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or a
member of the Board of Directors of the Companies, or endorsed on
Schedule A and signed by either the Chief Executive Officer of or
by a member of the Board of Directors of the Companies.

      6.  Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive, the Executive
shall be eligible to participate fully in any retirement,
executive incentive compensation, pension or profit sharing plans
maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the terms of such plans.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any
of the terms of or conditions precedent to participation in such
plans.

      7.  Termination of Employment.  If there shall be a
Termination (as hereinafter defined) of the Executive for any
reason other than for good cause, death, retirement at the
mandatory retirement age, or disability, the Executive shall
receive upon his Termination with either of the Companies, the
Termination Benefits set forth herein.  The Executive's
Termination for good cause shall be limited to the Executive's
having committed an act of fraud, embezzlement, or theft,
constituting a felony or any act intentionally against either of
the Companies which causes either Company material injury, or a
final determination by a court that the Executive has committed a
material breach of his duties and responsibilities in connection
with rendering services to either of the Companies pursuant to
this Agreement.


      8.  Termination.  Termination shall include, but is not
limited to, (i) any reduction in the Executive's Annual Base
Salary, retirement other than at the mandatory retirement age,
executive incentive compensation, pension or profit sharing
benefits, (unless such reductions shall have been applied to all
Bank employees as a part of a validly adopted plan of cost
containment), responsibilities or duties, or (ii) either
Companies' relocation or a change in the Executive's base
location, or (iii) a nonrenewal notice given pursuant to
Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, or (iv) the unilateral election of
the Executive to terminate the Agreement.  Such election shall be
communicated to the Companies pursuant to Paragraph 11 hereof.

      9.  Termination Benefits.  The following benefits shall be
Termination Benefits:

      (a) The Companies shall pay to the Executive the
Executive's full compensation through the effective date of his
termination at the rate in effect at the time notice of
termination is given or at the time of Termination, if earlier,
and in addition


      (b) The Companies shall pay to the Executive within ten
(10) days of Termination an additional lump sum amount equal to
that Executive's Annual Base Salary then in effect, and in
addition

      (c) The Companies shall pay to the Executive all benefits
payable to the Executive under the Companies' retirement,
executive incentive compensation, pension and profit sharing
plans, and in addition

      (d) The Companies shall pay to the Executive all legal fees
and expenses incurred by the Executive as a result of such
Termination, and in addition

      (e) The Companies shall provide the Executive, for one year
following his Termination, Health Insurance and Group Life
Insurance benefits substantially similar to those the Executive
was receiving immediately prior to his Termination.

      10. Indemnity.  The Companies shall indemnify the Executive
and hold Executive harmless for any acts or decisions made by
Executive in good faith while performing services for either of
the Companies and shall use their best efforts to obtain coverage
for Executive under any insurance policy now in force or
hereinafter obtained during the term of this Agreement covering
the other officers and directors of the Companies against
lawsuits.  The Companies will pay all expenses, including
attorney's fees, actually and necessarily incurred by the
Executive in connection with any appeal thereon including the
cost of court settlements.

      11. Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications provided for by this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been given at the time when
personally delivered or mailed at any general or branch United
States Post Office enclosed in a post paid envelope and addressed
to the address of the respective party stated below or to such
changed address as such party may have fixed by notice.

To the Companies:    TrustCo Bank Corp NY
                     Trustco Bank New York
                     320 State Street
                      Schenectady, NY  12305

To the Executive:    Peter A. Zakriski
                     86 St. Stephen's Lane West
                     Scotia, NY  12302

      Provided, however, that any notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

      12.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the Companies, their
successors and assigns, including, without limitation, any person
or entity which may acquire all or substantially all of either
Company's assets or business or into which either Company may be
consolidated or merged, and the Executive, as well as Executive's
heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives.  The
Executive may assign the right to payment under this Agreement,
but not obligations under this Agreement.

      13.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by
the laws of the State of New York.

      14.  Complete Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all
prior understandings and agreements between the parties, and may
not be amended or modified orally, but only by a writing signed
by the parties hereto.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
Agreement as of the 15th Day of July, 1992


                                    TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                                 By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                President and Chief Executive
                                 Officer        "Company"


                                   TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK

ATTEST:                            By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
/s/William F. Terry                Officer               "Bank"
Secretary



                                   /s/Peter A. Zakriski
                                  Peter A. Zakriski


    Schedule A to Agreement among Companies and Peter A. Zakriski

Calendar Year         Annual Salary       Approval of Companies

     1992             $110,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1993              115,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1994              120,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick
     1995              125,000.00         /s/Robert A. McCormick


                                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK



                                By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
                                   President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer


                                AGREEMENT OF EXECUTIVE


                                /s/Peter A. Zakriski
                                Peter A. Zakriski









                              AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                    TO
                       EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                         TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                         TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                             PETER A. ZAKRISKI


      WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York and Trustco Bank Corp NY
(herein referred to as the  companies ) entered into an
Employment Agreement dated as of July 15, 1992, (herein referred
to as the  Agreement ); with Peter A. Zakriski (herein referred
to as the  Executive ); and

      WHEREAS, the Companies and the Executive desire to amend
the Agreement, effective as of November 16, 1993;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the Agreement is hereby amended effective
June 21, 1993 in the following respect:

      Section 6 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety and the following is substituted in lieu thereof:

       6. Retirement, Pension and Profit Sharing.  As further
compensation for the services of the Executive:

      a.  The Executive shall be eligible to participate fully in
any retirement, executive incentive compensation, pension or
profit sharing plans maintained by the Companies, pursuant to the
terms of such plans.  Nothing in this agreement shall be
construed as a waiver of any of the terms of or conditions
precedent to participation in such plans; and,

      b.  Upon termination of the Executive's employment due to
retirement or disability (both as defined in the Retirement Plan
of Trustco Bank New York), the Companies shall provide to the
Executive and his spouse, for the life of the Executive, the
health insurance benefits provided to retirees by the Companies
under their medical insurance plan.  the Companies shall provide
to the Executive for his life the life insurance benefits
provided to retirees by the Companies under their life insurance
plan.  The obligations of the Companies pursuant to this
subparagraph b.  shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Companies and the Executive have
executed this Amendment No. 1 this 16 day of November, 1993.

TRUSTCO BANK NEW York                   TRUSTCO BANK NY
By:/s/Robert A. McCormick               By:/s/Robert A. McCormick

                                        /s/Peter A. Zakriski
                                        Peter A. Zakriski





                          AMENDMENT NO. 2
                                TO
                   EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                     TRUSTCO BANK NEW YORK AND
                      TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY AND
                        PETER A. ZAKRISKI

      WHEREAS, Trustco Bank New York (herein referred to as the
"Company") and TrustCo Bank Corp NY (herein referred to as
"TrustCo") entered into an Employment Agreement (herein referred
to as the "Agreement") with Peter A. Zakriski (herein referred to
as the "Executive"); and
      WHEREAS, by statutory conversion the Company converted from
a state chartered trust company to a national bank, and in
connection with the conversion the name of the Company changed to
Trustco Bank, National Association effective February 1, 1995;
and
      WHEREAS, the Company, TrustCo and the Executive desire to
amend the Agreement to reflect the name change;
      NOW, THEREFORE, effective February 1, 1995, the Agreement
is hereby amended by changing "Trustco Bank New York" to "Trustco
Bank, National Association" in each place where it appears
therein.
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment
No. 2 to be executed this 14th day of February, 1995.
TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL                TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
ASSOCIATION

By:/s/Robert A. McCormick       By:/s/Robert A. McCormick
Title:President and CEO         Title: President and CEO

                                /s/Peter A. Zakriski
                                Peter A. Zakriski









                                              Exhibit 10(h)
                                 RESTATED

                         1985 TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                             STOCK OPTION PLAN


      WHEREAS, TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company") established
the 1985 TrustCo Bank Corp NY Stock Option Plan (the "Plan"); and

      WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend said Plan effective
as of July 1, 1994, and to restate the Plan in its entirety;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the Company does hereby amend the Plan
effective July 1, 1994, and restates the Plan in its entirety so
that it will read as follows:

SECTION 1:                      PURPOSE

      This 1985 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") has been
established by TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company") to advance
the interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing to
certain key employees an opportunity to acquire equity ownership
in the Company and the incentive advantages inherent in that
equity ownership.

SECTION 2:                  DEFINITIONS

      When capitalized and used in this Plan, each of the
following terms or phrases has the indicated meaning, unless a
different meaning is clearly implied by the content:

"Adoption Date"
   means the date this plan is duly adopted by the Board.

"Board" means the Company's Board of Directors.

"Code"  means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

"Committee"
means the Committee to be appointed by the Board from time
to time and to consist of three or more members of the Board
who have not been eligible to receive options under the Plan at
any time within a period of one year immediately preceding the
date of their appointment to such Committee.

"Company"  means TrustCo Bank Corp NY and its subsidiaries.

"Disability"
means a Participant's termination of employment by
the Company or a Participating Subsidiary by reason of his
permanent and total disability, as defined in Code Section
22(e)(3).

"Eligible Employee"
means any executive or other key managerial employee of
the Company or any Participating Subsidiary who has been
designated by the Board as eligible to participate in the Plan
and who is a full-time, salaried employee of the Company or any
Participating Subsidiary, provided he is so employed at the date
any Stock Option is granted to him.

"Fair Market Value"
means the current fair market value of any Stock subject
to a Stock Option.  During such time as the Stock is not listed
on an established stock exchange, fair market value per share
shall be the mean between the closing dealer "bid" and "ask"
prices for the Stock as quoted by NASDAQ for the day of the grant
and if "bid" and "ask" prices are quoted for the day of the
grant, the fair market value shall be determined by reference to
such prices on the next preceding day on which such prices were
quoted.  If the Stock is listed on an established stock exchange
or exchanges, the fair market value shall be deemed to be the
highest closing price of the Stock on such stock exchange or
exchanges on the day the option is granted or, if no sale of
Stock has been made on any stock exchange on that day, the fair
market value shall be determined by reference to such price for
the next preceding day on which a sale occurred. In the event
that Stock is not traded on an established stock exchange, and no
closing dealer "bid" and "ask" prices are available, then the
purchase price shall be 100 percent of the fair market value of
one share of Stock on the day the option is granted, as
determined by the Committee in good faith.  The purchase price
shall be subject to adjustment only as provided in Section 9 of
the Plan.

"Incentive Stock Option"
means an option granted to a Participant under this Plan
to purchase the Company's Stock, which is designated as an
Incentive Stock Option and which satisfies the requirements of
Code ?422, as amended.

"Nonqualified Stock Option"
means an option granted to a Participant under this
Plan to purchase the Company's Stock and which is not an
Incentive Stock Option.

"Option Agreement"
means the written agreement executed between the Participant
and the Company evidencing the award of Stock Options
under this Plan, as more particularly described in Section 7.

"Participant"
means any Eligible Employee who has been awarded any
Stock Option(s) under this Plan and his heirs, legatees, or
personal representatives who may succeed to his interests under
any Option Agreement at his death.

"Participating Subsidiary"
means a Subsidiary some or all of whose employees
have been designated as Eligible Employees by the Board.
"Plan"means the Restated 1985 TrustCo Bank Corp NY Stock Option
Plan as embodied in this document including all amendments to
this document made from time to time.

"Shareholder-Employee"
means any Eligible Employee who at the time an
Incentive Stock Option is to be granted to him under this Plan
owns (within the meaning of Code Section 422(b)(6) and (c)(5))
more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes
of the Company's Stock or of its parent or subsidiary companies
(if any).

"Stock"  means shares of the Company's common stock.

"Stock Appreciation Right"
means a right, granted to a Participant concurrently with
the grant of a Nonqualified Stock Option, to receive a cash
payment from the Company upon the partial or complete
cancellation of that option by a Participant.  Each Option
Agreement may provide that the Participant may from time to time
elect to cancel all or any portion of the Option then subject to
exercise, in which event the Company's obligation in respect of
such Option may be discharged by payment to the Participant of an
amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market
value at the time of cancellation of the shares subject to the
Option or the portion thereof so cancelled, over the aggregate
purchase price for such shares as set forth in the Option
Agreement.  In the event of such a cancellation, the number of
shares as to which such Option was cancelled shall not become
available for use under the Plan.

"Stock Option" or "Option"
means a right granted under this Plan to purchase
Company Stock, including a Nonqualified Stock Option or
an Incentive Stock Option.

"Subsidiary"
means a corporation of which stock possessing 50% or
more of the total combined voting power of all classes of its
stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is
owned in the aggregate by the Company directly or indirectly
through one or more Subsidiaries.



SECTION 3:           PLAN ADMINISTRATION

The Plan is to be administered by the Committee except as
otherwise provided in the Plan.  Subject to all other Plan
provisions, the Committee is expressly empowered to:

1.    select the Eligible Employees who are to receive Stock
Options and Stock Appreciation Rights under this Plan from time
to time and grant those Options and Stock Appreciation Rights;

2.    determine the time(s) at which Stock Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights are to be granted;

3.    determine the number of shares of Stock to be subject to a
Stock Option granted to any Participant;

4.    determine the option price and term of each Stock Option
granted under this Plan (including whether it is to be an
Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified Stock Option) and all
other terms and conditions to be included in the Option Agreement
relating to any Stock Options under this Plan;

5.    determine the duration and purposes of leaves of absence
which may be granted to a Participant without constituting a
termination of employment or service for purposes of the Plan;

6.    determine all matters of interpretation of the Plan and any
Option Agreement, and the Committee's decision is to be binding
and conclusive on all persons;

7.    determine, in its sole discretion, whether the Company is
to accept Stock previously acquired by a Participant as payment
of the option price for Stock Options granted under this Plan;

8.    prescribe, amend and rescind all rules and regulations
relating to the Plan and its operations;

9.    in the event of the Company's or a Participating
Subsidiary's merger, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation,
accelerate the exercise date and expiration date for any
unexercised Stock Options then outstanding; and

10.   make all other determinations and decisions and take all
further actions deemed necessary or advisable for the Plan's
administration.

Notwithstanding any conflicting Plan provision, the Board
reserves the right, by written resolution duly adopted by the
Board, to terminate from time to time any and all powers
delegated to the Committee by the express Plan provisions and, in
that event, those Committee powers so terminated by the Board
shall revert to and be fully exercisable by the Board to the same
extent as they were exercisable by the Committee, provided that
no termination of the Committee's powers shall be retroactively
effective.  Any termination of the Committee's powers under this
Plan shall not be deemed a Plan amendment.  No Committee or Board
member may participate in the decision to award any Stock Option
or Stock Appreciation Right under this Plan to himself.  Neither
the Board nor the Committee may, without the Participant's
consent, change the terms and conditions of any Option Agreement
after its execution, except to the extent that the Agreement may,
by its terms, be so amended.

SECTION 4:        PLAN EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION

This Plan is effective as of the Adoption Date, subject, however,
to the Plan's approval by the Company's shareholders either on or
before the Adoption Date or within the 12-month period following
the Adoption Date.  If shareholder approval is not so obtained,
all Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights and Option
Agreements granted under this Plan shall automatically be null
and void, ab initio.  No Stock Option may be granted under this
Plan at any date which is 10 years or more after the Adoption
Date.

SECTION 5:             AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATIONS

This Plan may be amended, suspended, terminated or reinstated, in
whole or in part, at any time by the Board; provided, however,
that without the approval of the Company's stockholders, the
Board may not:

1.    except as provided in Section 9, increase the number of
shares of Stock subject to Stock Options issued under this Plan;

2.    extend the maximum period during which a Stock Option may
be exercised;

3.    extend the maximum period during which Incentive Stock
Options may be granted under this Plan; or

4.    change the class of Eligible Employees.

SECTION 6:             SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

The total number of shares available for grants of Stock Options
under this Plan is 428,703, subject to the adjustments under
Section 9.  If a Stock Option or a portion thereof expires or
terminates for any reason without being exercised in full, the
unpurchased shares covered by the Option are to be available for
future Stock Option grants under this Agreement.

SECTION 7:             GRANTS OF OPTIONS

Nonqualified Stock Options may be granted to any Eligible
Employee, at the time(s) and upon such terms and conditions as
may be selected by the Committee.  At the time of grant of a
Nonqualified Stock Option, the Committee may, in its discretion,
also grant to the Eligible Employee Stock Appreciation Rights for
the total number of shares subject to that Option.  The grant of
a Nonqualified Stock Option and, if appropriate, Stock
Appreciation Rights shall be evidenced by an Option Agreement
between the Eligible Employee and the Company containing any
terms and conditions specified by the Committee, but including
the terms described in Section 8.

Incentive Stock Options may be granted to any Eligible Employee,
at the time(s) and upon such terms and condition as may be
selected by the Committee, subject, nevertheless to the
following:

      1.    With respect to Incentive Stock Options granted prior
to January 1, 1987, the aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the
date the Incentive Stock Option is granted) of the Stock subject
to Incentive Stock Options granted to any Eligible Employee
during one calendar year (under this Plan and all other plans of
the Company and its Subsidiaries providing "incentive stock
options" within the meaning of Code Section 422A(b)) shall not
exceed the sum of:  (i) $100,000; and (ii) the amount of any
"unused limit carryover" which may be taken into account for that
calendar year with respect to that Eligible Employee under Code
Section 422(A)(c)(4).

      2.                        With respect to Incentive Stock
Options granted after December 31, 1986, the aggregate fair
market value, determined at the time the Incentive Stock Option
is granted, of the shares with respect to which Incentive Stock
Options are exercisable for the first time by an Eligible
Employee during any calendar year (under all stock option plans
of the Company and its Subsidiaries to which the provisions of
Section 422 of the Code apply) shall not exceed $100,000.

      3.                        The grant shall be evidenced by
an Option Agreement between the Company and the Eligible Employee
containing any terms and conditions specified by the Committee,
except that those terms and conditions must conform with Section
8 and must be consistent with the requirements for an "incentive
stock option" as described in Code Section 422(b).

SECTION 8:                      TERMS OF OPTIONS AGREEMENT

All Option Agreements issued under this Plan must include terms
that are consistent with the following:

1.    The Participant shall be entitled to purchase the number of
shares subject to the Stock Option, upon his exercise of that
Option, at a price no less than 100% of the Stock's Fair Market
Value at the date of the grant; provided, however, that in the
case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a
Shareholder-Employee, the option price is to be no less than 110%
of that Fair Market Value.

2.    At the option's exercise, the option price may be paid in
cash or cash equivalent--that is, by certified check, bank draft
or postal or express money orders made payable to the Company's
order in U.S. dollars.  Alternatively, in the Committee's sole
discretion, the option price may be paid, in whole or in part, by
the Participant's exchange of Company Stock previously acquired
by him, based on that Stock's Fair Market Value at the date of
exchange.  However, no Company Stock may be accepted in payment
of the option price upon exercise of an Incentive Stock Option,
if that Stock was acquired by the Participant's previous exercise
of an Incentive Stock Option unless that Stock has been held by
the Participant for more than 2 years after the date that
previous Option was granted and more than 1 year after the date
that previous Option was exercised.

3.    (i) The Option may not be exercisable after the earlier of
the following dates:

          (a)                   If the Participant is not a
Shareholder--  Employee at the date of grant or the Option is not
an Incentive Stock Option, the date 10 years after the date of
grant;

          (b)                   If the Participant is a
Shareholder- Employee at the date of grant and the Option is an
Incentive Stock Option, the date 5 years after the date of grant;

          (c)                   If the Participant's employment
terminates for reasons other than his death or Disability or
retirement, the date three months after the date his employment
terminates.

          (d)                   If the Participant terminates
employment as a result of Disability or retirement, the date
described in Item 3(i)(a) or 3(i)(b), whichever is applicable.

          (e)                   If the Participant dies, the date
prescribed by the Committee, except that no Option shall be
exercisable after the date described in Item 3(i)(a) or 3(ii)(b)
of Section 8, whichever is applicable.

(f)   If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option and the
Participant's employment terminates due to Disability or
retirement, the tax treatment available pursuant to Code Section
422 upon the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option will not be
available to a Participant who exercises any Incentive Stock
Option more than (a) three months after the date of the
termination of employment due to retirement or (b) twelve months
after the date of termination of employment due to Disability.
If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option and the Participant
dies, the tax treatment available pursuant to Code Section 422
upon the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option will not be
available to the Participant's estate or any person who acquires
the Option by bequest or inheritance or by reason of the death of
the Participant unless the Participant was eligible for such tax
treatment at the time of his death.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the committee, in its discretion,
may further limit the period during which all or any portion of a
Stock Option may be exercised and may accelerate the time at
which an Option maybe exercised.

4.    Acceleration and the immediate right to exercise options in
full will occur if any one or more the following takes place:

          (i)  a contract providing for a merger or consolidation
of the Company with or into another entity (except in the case
where the Company is the surviving entity and the merger does not
affect the stock interest of the stockholders of the Company) or
a sale of substantially all the assets of the Company is
executed;

          (ii)  a single entity or individual (including any
related parties to such entity or individual) acquires 20% or
more of the outstanding stock of the Company; or

          (iii)  a situation occurs in which, during any period
of 12 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of
such period were members of the Board cease for any reason to
constitute at least a majority of the Board, unless the
nomination or election of each new director was approved by at
least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
directors at the beginning of such period.

5.    The Stock Option(s) and any related Stock Appreciation
Rights may be exercised during such Participant's lifetime, only
by the Participant and, after his death, only by his heirs
legatees or personal representatives who succeed to his interest
under the Option Agreement.  The Option Agreement, the Stock
Options and the Stock Appreciation Rights issued under this Plan
shall not be transferable by the Participant other than by will
or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, in
addition to non-transferable Stock Options, the Committee may
grant Nonqualified Stock Options that are transferable, without
payment of consideration, to (i) revocable trusts for the benefit
of immediate family members which qualify as grantor trusts for
Federal income tax purposes, (ii) by gift to immediate family
members, and (iii) to partnerships whose only partners are
immediate family members.  The Committee may also amend
outstanding Nonqualified Stock Options to provide for such
transferability.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that a transferable Nonqualified Stock Option is transferred as
permitted herein, such Nonqualified Stock Option(s) may be
exercised by such transferee.  The transferee of a transferable
Nonqualified Stock Option is subject to all conditions applicable
to the transferable Nonqualified Stock Option prior to its
transfer.

6.    Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, no Incentive
Stock Option may be exercised while there is outstanding (within
the meaning of former Code Section 422(c)(7)) any "incentive
stock option" (within the meaning of former Code Section 422(b))
to purchase stock of the Company or any Subsidiary which was
granted to the Participant prior to the grant of the Option
sought to be exercised.  The provisions of this Item 6 shall
apply only to Incentive Stock Options granted prior to January 1,
1987.

7.    In the case of Nonqualified Stock Options, the Option may
be exercised while there is outstanding another Stock Option to
purchase Stock of the company or a Subsidiary which was granted
to the Participant prior to the grant of the Option sought to be
exercised.

8.    The aggregate fair market value (determined at the time the
Option is granted) of the stock with respect to which Incentive
Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by such
individual during any calendar year (under all such plans of the
individual's employer corporation and its parent and subsidiary
corporation) shall not exceed $100,000.  The provisions of this
Item 8 shall apply to Incentive Stock Options granted after
December 31, 1986.

9.    The acceleration provisions of Section 8, Items 4 and 10 of
the Plan shall override restrictions contained in Section 8, Item
8.

10.   As to each Option granted a Participant since November 19,
1985, if the Participant's employment terminates by his death,
Disability or retirement, the exercise of each such Option shall
accelerate and become exercisable in full upon such termination,
and shall remain exercisable throughout the period permitted for
exercise as described in Item 3 of this Section 8.

11.   If a Participant dies during the period which he or she
could have exercised an Option under Item 3 of Section 8 of the
Plan, then the Option may be exercised by the executors or
administrators of the Participant's estate, or by any person or
persons who may have acquired the Option, directly from the
Participant by bequest or inheritance within a period prescribed
by the Committee after the Participant's death, except that no
Option shall be exercisable after its expiration date as defined
in Item 3(i) or 3(ii) of Section 8, whichever is applicable.

SECTION 9:                      RECAPITALIZATION

The number of shares of Stock subject to this Plan, the number of
shares of Stock covered by each outstanding Option (and any
corresponding Stock Appreciation Rights), and the price per share
in each Option, are to be proportionately adjusted for any
increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Company
Stock resulting from a subdivision or consolidation of shares or
the payment of a stock dividend (but only on the Company's common
stock) or any other increase or decrease in the number of those
shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.

Subject to any required action by the Stockholders if the Company
shall be the surviving corporation in any merger or
consolidation, each outstanding Stock Option (and any
corresponding Stock Appreciation Rights) shall pertain to and
apply to the securities to which a holder of the number of shares
of stock subject to that Option would have been entitled.  A
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, a proposed sale of
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or a merger or
consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving
Corporation, shall cause each outstanding Option (and any
corresponding stock Appreciation Rights) to terminate as of a
date to be fixed by the Board; provided that no less than 30 days
written notice of the date so fixed shall be given to each
Optionee, and each Optionee shall have the right, during the
period of 30 days preceding such termination, to exercise his
option as to all or any part of the shares covered thereby,
including shares as to which such option would not otherwise be
exercisable.

The foregoing adjustments shall be made by the Committee.
Fractional shares resulting from any adjustment in options
pursuant to this Section 9 may be settled as the Committee or the
Board (as the case may be) shall determine.

SECTION 10:                     GOVERNMENT AND OTHER REGULATIONS

No Option shall be exercisable, no Stock shall be issued, no
certificate for shares of Stock shall be delivered, and no
payment shall be made under this Plan except in compliance with
all applicable federal and state laws and regulations.  The
Company shall have the right to rely on the opinion of its
counsel as to such compliance.  Any share certificate issued to
evidence Stock for which an Option is exercised may bear such
legends and statements as the Committee may deem advisable to
assure compliance with federal and state laws and regulations.
No Option shall be exercisable, no Stock shall be issued, no
certificate for shares shall be delivered, and no payment shall
be made under this Plan until the Company has obtained such
consent or approval as the Committee may deem advisable from
regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such matters.

SECTION 11:                     INDEMNIFICATION OF COMMITTEE

In addition to such other rights of indemnification that they may
have as officers or directors, the Committee members shall be
indemnified by the Company against the reasonable expenses,
including attorneys' fees actually and necessarily incurred in
connection with the Plan's administration and the defense of any
action, suit, or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal
therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reasons
of any action taken or failure to act under or in connection with
the Plan or any Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted
thereunder.  The Committee members are also to be indemnified
against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided
that settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected
by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in
any such action, suit or proceeding, except in relation to
matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such action, suit or
proceeding that such Committee member is liable for gross
negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his/her
duties; provided that within 60 days after institution of any
such action, suit or proceeding a Committee member shall in
writing offer the Company the opportunity, at its own expense, to
handle and defend the same.

SECTION 12:             MISCELLANEOUS

The adoption of this Plan, its operation, or any
documents describing or referring to this
Plan (or any part thereof) shall not confer upon any
employee any right to continue
in the employ of the Company or in any way affect any right and
power of the Company to terminate the employment of any employee
at any time with or without assigning a reason thereof.

Any liability of the Company to any person with respect to any
grant under this Plan shall be based solely upon any contractual
obligations which may be created pursuant to this Plan.  No such
obligation of the Company shall be deemed to be secured by any
pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Company.

The Plan shall be administered in the State of New York and the
validity, construction, interpretation, administration and effect
of the Plan shall be determined solely in accordance with the
laws of that State.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Plan to be
executed on this 18th day of October, 1994.



TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY


By:  /s/ William F. Terry

Title:   Secretary










                                                 Exhibit 11
                     TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY

                       1994 FORM 10-K

       Computation of Net Income Per Common Share


Year Ended December 31


                1994               1993             1992
Net Income    $22,888,000      $20,325,000     $17,503,000
Weighted Daily
 average number
 of common
 shares
 outstanding  14,886,000       14,803,000        14,606,000
Net Income
Per Common
 Share        $1.54               $1.37            $1.20

              ======            ======            ======


Note:  Daily average shares outstanding for all years have been
adjusted to reflect a 10% stock dividend in October 1994, the 2
for 1 stock split in November 1993, and the 5 for 4 stock split
in November 1992.


                                      Exhibit 13
Presidents Message

Dear Shareholder:

     The good news is 1994 was another record year at TrustCo.
The bad news is a significant segment of the banking industry
is encountering difficulty in the area of interest rate hedging
or "derivatives."  TrustCo has no derivative exposure and our
policy of "plain vanilla" in the management of our Company
appears to have carried us through unscathed once again.  We
are grateful to our staff and Board of Directors for their
continuing enthusiasm and support.
     During 1994, shareholder values continued in the right
direction with net income at $22.9 million, up a significant
13% over 1993.  TrustCo's most important ratio, return on
shareholders' equity, was 17.01%, up from 16.18% in 1993.  We
are committed to insuring that return on equity compares
favorably in any peer group, and we are comfortable that it
does.  TrustCo's five year ROE was 16.78% and we plan an
increase to 18% for the current fiscal year.
     During 1994, we increased our cash dividend by 10% and
then issued a 10% stock dividend maintaining the increased cash
dividend level on the newly issued shares, effectively
increasing dividend income for TrustCo owners by 21%.  The
quarterly cash dividend has increased at a 25% compound annual
rate over the last five years, a major accomplishment.  It is
our intention to continue monitoring our internal generation
of capital; should excess capital exist, we would recommend
steps to the Board to correct that situation.  These steps
could include special dividends, stock buy back, or any other
measures that would return excess capital to TrustCo's owners.
     Daniel J. Rourke, M.D., retired from the Bank and Holding
Company boards during 1994.  We thank Dan for his many
contributions over the years and wish him well in his
retirement.  I think it appropriate to thank all our Board
members for their continued guidance throughout the year.  We
note with sorrow the passing of Herman R. Hill, Honorary
Director, who served the Board with distinction for many
years.
     Senior staff additions during 1994 include Robert T.
Cushing, appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer about mid-year.  Bob managed the banking practice at
KPMG Peat Marwick for many years and adds an important level of
experience to our senior management ranks.  Henry C. Collins
was appointed Vice President & General Counsel and Carroll E.
Winch was named Administrative Vice President and Senior Trust
Officer.  These additions should add significant strength to
our senior management.
     The TrustCo branch expansion program continues and we
anticipate opening three additional branches during 1995.  Our
plans call for two to three branch openings a year until we
have filled the gaps in our market territory.  The targeted
upgrading continues with each branch receiving a major review
and renovation at approximately seven year intervals.
     During 1994, we evaluated and discussed a number of
acquisition opportunities.  Unfortunately, our discussions were
not successful.  Our approach to acquisitions is quite simple
we are extremely careful to avoid damage to shareholder value
in the existing TrustCo franchise.  We would prefer that the
benefits of an acquisition be shared by all the owners of the
emerging company, and that does make for difficult negotiations
on occasion.
    Since its inception, Trustco Bank has been a New York State
chartered institution regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York and the New York State Banking Department.  During
the first quarter of 1995, we completed a change from our New
York State charter to a national charter.  We think changes in
the industry suggest the most appropriate direction for the
future is a national charter regulated by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency.
    TrustCo's Affordable Housing Program, which was designed to
assist with homeownership, continues to be a success in new
markets.  We consider this program a model for community
reinvestment and one of the most effective in the State.
     Occasionally, TrustCo has been described as "boring" because
we are able to avoid most industry difficulties.  Well, 1994 was
another boring year during which we were able to benefit all
important constituencies -- the owners, employees, and community.
We expect to be equally tiresome in 1995.
     1995 should provide income and growth success with
emphasis continuing on the Home Equity Loan and Home Equity
Credit Line products and our improved NOW account on the
deposit side.
     Our Trust Department, which currently manages assets in
excess of $630 million has ambitious expectations, and the
impetus to move forward under new management.
     1995 and beyond should benefit from the solid performance of
the superb employee team here at TrustCo.  For 1994 the often
quoted efficiency ratio for our Company was 41.82% at a time
when most banking companies would like to see 60.00%.  This
level of performance efficiency will benefit us through reduced
operating expense for years to come.
     Net interest margins are another interesting ongoing
benefit.  During 1994, we recognized $8,877,000 of security
losses and still had record net income.  We have always
described security losses as the deferral of income into future
periods.  To dramatize that point, net interest margin for the
month of December 1993 was 3.78%.  In December 1994 TrustCo's net
interest margin was 4.63% and accelerating.  This year-to-year
increase of 85 basis points provides dramatic pre-tax income
opportunities for the future.
     The quality of the loan portfolio is excellent, and our
reserve for loan loss has a coverage ratio 14 times
non-performing loans, an important area of reserve.
     Community needs have expanded and TrustCo has responded
appropriately.  TrustCo has provided increased employee and
management participation in charitable and community
organizations, increased its corporate charitable contributions
throughout the Capital District, and our Affordable Housing
Program continues to grow.
     We have an enthusiastic view of TrustCo's future.  It is
the intention at every level in the Company to continue our
past success into the future.  Our products are tailored to the
needs of our community, we have an unmatched employee team to
deliver them, and a management style that can adapt almost
immediately to any change the marketplace may bring.
     Though we are not certain what the banking environment of
the future will be, we are sure the combination mentioned above
and the enthusiastic commitment of the Board of Directors will
ensure our continuing success in the years ahead.

Sincerely,


/s/ Robert A. McCormick

Robert A. McCormick,
President and Chief Executive Officer




Management's Discussion and Analysis of Operations

The financial review which follows will focus on the  factors affecting
the financial condition and results of operations of TrustCo Bank Corp NY
(the "Company" or "TrustCo") and Trustco Bank, National Association (the
"Bank" or "Trustco") during 1994 and, in summary form, the preceding two
years. Net interest income  and net interest margin are presented in this
discussion on a taxable equivalent basis. Balances discussed are daily
averages unless otherwise described. The consolidated financial statements
and related notes and the quarterly reports to shareholders for 1994 should
be read in conjunction with this review. Certain amounts in years prior to
1994 have been reclassified to conform with the 1994 presentation.

Overview

TrustCo recorded net income of $22,888,000 or  $1.54 per share for the
year ended December 31, 1994, compared to $20,325,000 or $1.37 per share for
the year ended December 31, 1993. This represents an increase of 13% in the
full year earnings and a 12% increase in the per share results.

During 1994 TrustCo achieved:

* taxable equivalent net interest income of $81.1 million, an increase
  of almost 10% over 1993,

* a reserve coverage ratio of non-performing loans of  14 times. The
  reserves set aside for problem loans were 3.37% of loans at year end 1994,
  compared to 3.21% for 1993,

* an efficiency ratio of 41.82% for the year. Industry goals look for
  the attainment of a 60% efficiency ratio. TrustCo outperformed this ratio
  for both 1993 and 1994,

* an increase in the net interest margin from 4.04%  in 1993 to 4.26% in
  1994, the net interest margin  for the fourth quarter of 1994 was 4.55%;
  and

* a dividend payout ratio of 64% of net income.

Net Interest Margin

1992         3.98%
1993         4.04%
1994         4.26%

<TABLE>
MIX OF AVERAGE EARNING ASSETS
(dollars in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                        Components
                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                             % of                          Earning
                                                                                            Total                           Assets
                                                1994              1993        Change       Change      1994      1993         1992
<S>                                       <C>                <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>     <C>
Loans, net of unearned income             $1,110,859         1,021,984        88,875       131.0%      58.4      55.7         57.7
Trading securities                                --             1,731        (1,731)       (2.5)        --        .1           --
Securities available for sale:
  U.S. Treasuries and agencies               272,003           182,273        89,730       132.3       14.3       9.9          2.8
  Mortgage-backed securities                  36,119                --        36,119        53.2        1.9        --           --
  Other                                       29,015            10,160        18,855        27.8        1.5        .5           .4
  Total securities available for sale        337,137           192,433       144,704       213.3       17.7      10.4          3.2
Investment securities:
  U.S. Treasuries and agencies                98,380           274,398      (176,018)     (259.5)       5.2      15.0         19.7
  States and political subdivisions           27,120            32,615        (5,495)       (8.1)       1.4       1.8          3.1
  Mortgage-backed securities                 111,691           119,442        (7,751)      (11.4)       5.9       6.5          8.6
  Other                                       13,621            28,681       (15,060)      (22.2)        .7       1.6          1.2
  Total investment securities                250,812           455,136      (204,324)     (301.2)      13.2      24.9         32.6
Federal funds sold                           203,878           163,567        40,311        59.4       10.7       8.9          6.5
Total earning assets                      $1,902,686         1,834,851        67,835       100.0%     100.0     100.0        100.0
</TABLE>

Asset/Liability Management

TrustCo's objectives in managing its balance sheet are to manage the
sensitivity of net interest income  to actual or potential changes in
interest rates and to enhance profitability through strategies that promise
sufficient reward for understood and controlled risk. The Company has
established guidelines for liquidity so as to maintain adequate levels in
light of loan and deposit demands. TrustCo does not engage in any high risk
investing activities nor does it invest in financial derivatives. The Company
relies on traditional banking investment instruments and its large base of
"core" deposits to help in asset/liability management.

Earning Assets

Average earning assets during 1994 were $1.9 billion, which is $68
million, or 4%, over the prior year. Increases in the balance of average
earning  assets is dependent on three factors:

* growth in funding sources (deposits and borrowings),

* movement of assets from non-earning to earning categories, and

* the internal generation of capital retained by the Company.

To account for the $68 million of growth in average earning assets,
TrustCo increased the funding sources by $40 million, converted $20 million
from non-earning asset categories, and retained $11  million in capital
during 1994. A small amount of the growth in these areas was directed to a
decrease of $4 million in various other liabilities.

The table, "Mix of Average Earning Assets" shows how the mix of the
earning assets has changed over the last three years. While growth in earning
assets  is critical to improved profitability, changes to the mix of earning
assets can also have a significant impact  on profitability.

<TABLE>
Loan portfolio
<CAPTION>
Average Balances
(dollars in thousands)
                                     1994                 1993                1992               1991                1990
                                Amount  Percent      Amount  Percent     Amount  Percent    Amount  Percent     Amount  Percent
<S>                         <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Residential                   $650,178    58.4%    $550,906    53.8%   $503,272    49.8%  $274,696    43.6%   $168,118    37.3%
Commercial                     229,015     20.6     237,179     23.1    270,947     26.8   171,695     27.2    127,842     28.4
Home equity line of credit     203,623     18.3     200,811     19.6    183,424     18.2   133,721     21.2     97,478     21.7
Installment                     30,174      2.7      36,013      3.5     52,750      5.2    50,268      8.0     56,786     12.6
Total loans                  1,112,990   100.0%   1,024,909   100.0%  1,010,393   100.0%   630,380   100.0%    450,224   100.0%
Less: Unearned income            2,131                2,925               4,735              5,349               7,057
Allowance for loan losses       37,334               30,214              23,735             16,139              12,362
Net loans                   $1,073,525              991,770             981,923            608,892             430,805
</TABLE>

Loans: Average total loans increased $88.1 million, or 8.6% during 1994. Net
loans grew from 55.7% of average earning assets in 1993 to 58.4% of average
earning assets in 1994. The steady growth of the loan portfolio as a
component of its asset mix, as well as  the continued high quality of the
portfolio, have contributed significantly to the Company's superior
operating results for 1994.

Loan products related to residential real estate  continued to exhibit
significant growth during 1994. Average residential mortgage loan
outstandings rose $99.3 million, or 18.0%, during 1994. TrustCo also
continued to experience success in the marketing of home equity loans and
home equity credit lines  during the year.

The overwhelming majority of TrustCo's real estate loans are secured by
properties within the Bank's market area. Management's specific knowledge of
local market conditions and trends enhances the quality of the loan
portfolio. During 1994, management continued its established practice of
retaining all new real estate loan originations in the Bank's portfolio
rather than packaging them for sale in the secondary mortgage market.

Average commercial loan and commercial real estate loan outstandings
were largely unchanged during 1994. New loan originations were slightly
outpaced by amortizations and problem loan  resolutions, a portfolio trend
reflective of general  economic uncertainty.

TrustCo's commercial lending activities are focused on balancing the
Company's commitment to meeting the credit needs of businesses within its
market area with the necessity of maintaining a high quality loan
portfolio. In accordance with these ideals, the Bank has consistently
emphasized the origination of loans within its trade area. The portfolio
contains no foreign loans, nor does it contain any concentrations  of credit
extended to any particular borrower or  specific industry. The Bank's
commercial portfolio is a reflection of the diversity found in the Capital
Region's economy.

TrustCo continues to offer a full range of consumer credit products.
However, as has been the case in the recent past, the unfavorable tax
treatment of installment loan interest curbed demand in 1994. In addition,
the artificially low rates offered by other lenders have affected origination
volume for the year.

During 1994, the Bank commenced a program to promote its credit card
products. This program, which combined aggressive marketing and attractive
pricing, resulted in significant growth in credit card receivables
during 1994.

<TABLE>
MATURITIES AND SENSITIVITIES OF LOANS TO CHANGES IN INTEREST RATES
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                      December 31, 1994
                                                            After 1 year
                                      In 1 year               but within             After
                                        or less                  5 years            5 years                Total
<S>                                   <C>                   <C>                     <C>                  <C>
Commercial                             $129,089                   82,030             18,944              230,063
Real estate construction                 12,935                       --                 --               12,935
Total                                  $142,024                   82,030             18,944              242,998
Predetermined rates                    $  9,382                   67,362             18,944               95,688
Floating rates                          132,642                   14,668                 --              147,310
Total                                  $142,024                   82,030             18,944              242,998
</TABLE>

Securities available for sale and investment securities: The Company adopted
new accounting standards during 1994 for its securities portfolio. The
Company has now identified securities available for sale and those securities
that are for investment purposes and will be held to maturity. The following
tables identify certain information related to these securities.

<TABLE>
Securities available for sale and investment securities
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                               As of December 31,

                                                      1994                        1993                         1992
                                               Book         Market          Book         Market          Book        Market
                                              Value          Value         Value          Value         Value         Value
<S>                                        <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>
Securities available for sale:
  U.S. Treasuries and agencies             $102,947        102,919       230,563        236,471       110,507       113,721
  Other                                      14,581         14,539        10,153         11,588        10,168        10,679
    Total securities available for sale    $117,528        117,458       240,716        248,059       120,675       124,400
Investment securities:
  U.S. Treasuries and agencies             $145,542        141,117       228,157        237,008       360,622       373,900
  States and political subdivisions          44,222         43,827        23,017         23,471        44,318        44,787
  Mortgage-backed securities                143,082        134,902       138,376        142,119       111,455       114,172
  Other                                      15,012         14,609        27,256         28,700        31,883        32,825
    Total investment securities            $347,858        334,455       416,806        431,298       548,278       565,684
</TABLE>

Securities Available for Sale: During 1994, the portfolio of securities
available for sale was actively managed by the Company to
take full advantage  of the increases in interest rates available during
that time period. At December 31, 1994, securities available for sale
amounted to $117.5 million compared to $240.7 million at year-end 1993. Near
the end of 1994, TrustCo liquidated a large portion of  the securities
available for sale and reinvested the proceeds in federal funds sold, which
ended the year at $263.0 million, or $114.0 million more than the balance at
year-end 1993.

For 1994, the average balance of securities available for sale was
$337.1 million, almost double the average amount for 1993. The average rates
earned during 1994 were 6.30% compared to 7.07% in 1993. During 1994, certain
of the high coupon  securities in this portfolio at year-end 1993 were
disposed of. As noted earlier, the portfolio of securities available for sale
was actively managed during 1994. Consequently, $8.9 million of securities
losses were recognized as compared to securities gains of $6.2 million in
1993. The objective of recognizing these losses was to insure that the
resulting portfolio of earning assets took advantage of the higher yields that
were in the marketplace at year-end 1994. Management's actions resulted in an
average yield on the securities available for sale portfolio for the fourth
quarter of 1994 of 6.93%, compared to 5.81% for the comparable fourth quarter
period in 1993. Absent these actions, the average yield in the year-end 1994
portfolio would have been significantly less, thereby resulting in lower
future earnings. Therefore, these actions are consistent with the
longstanding Company philosophy of taking actions designed to insure the
future growth of net income.

This portfolio is heavily weighted to U.S. Treasuries and Agency
obligations because these issuers provide a consistent source of liquidity
for the bonds and are readily accepted from a credit risk perspective.

TrustCo has never invested in derivative products, structured notes or
in any other exotic investment vehicles. By actively managing a portfolio of
high quality securities the objectives of asset/liability management and
liquidity can be met, while at the same time producing a constant earnings
stream that meets or exceeds rates offered in the marketplace.

Securities available for sale are recorded at their fair value with any
unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, recognized as a component of
shareholders' equity. At year-end 1994, the market value of Trustco's
portfolio of securities available for sale was 99.94% of the amortized cost
basis, thereby demonstrating an ability to take full advantage of the top of
the current interest rate market.

During 1994, approximately $213 million of securities available for
sale were transferred to the held  to maturity investment securities
portfolio. At the time of the transfer, the amortized cost of the securities
transferred approximated market value.

Investment Securities: This portfolio had a balance of $347.9 million at
year-end 1994 compared to $416.8 million at year-end 1993. The average
balance of investment securities during 1994 was $250.8 million and produced
an average yield of 6.81%, compared to an average balance in 1993  of $455.1
million and a yield of 6.48%.

At year end 1994, 42% of the investment securities portfolio was
invested in U.S. Treasuries and Agency issues, 41% was invested in
mortgage-backed securities (all of which are agency guaranteed), 13% was  in
municipal securities and the remainder in other bonds. Therefore, virtually
all of the investment securities portfolio is supported by some form of U.S.
Government or subdivision guarantee. All securities  in the portfolio are
investment grade securities.

<TABLE>
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO MATURITY DISTRIBUTION AND YIELD
Securities available for sale:
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)
                                                                                             As of December 31, 1994
                                                                                    Amortized         Market
                                                                                         Cost          Value          Yield
<S>                                                                                 <C>               <C>             <C>
Within 1 year
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                        $    275              276          7.62%
Other                                                                                     --               --            --
  Total within 1 year                                                                    275              276          7.62
1 to 5 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                         102,672          102,643          7.77
Other                                                                                     25               25          5.50
  Total 1 to 5 years                                                                 102,697          102,668          7.77
5 to 10 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                              --               --            --
Other                                                                                    650              650          6.62
  Total 5 to 10 years                                                                    650              650          6.62
After 10 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                              --               --            --
Other                                                                                 13,906           13,864          6.06
  Total after 10 years                                                                13,906           13,864          6.06
Total
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                         102,947          102,919          7.77
Other                                                                                 14,581           14,539          6.08
  Total securities available for sale                                               $117,528          117,458          7.56%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Investment securities portfolio:
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                                                               As of December 31, 1994
                                                                              Book             Market
                                                                             Value              Value          Yield
<S>                                                                       <C>                 <C>              <C>
Within 1 year
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                              $     --                --              --
States and political subdivisions                                           12,458             12,462           4.35%
Mortgage-backed securities                                                      --                 --             --
Other                                                                           --                 --             --
  Total within 1 year                                                       12,458             12,462           4.35
1 to 5 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                19,949             19,011           6.39
States and political subdivisions                                           22,246             22,110           5.28
Mortgage-backed securities                                                   6,602              6,257           5.70
Other                                                                           --                 --             --
  Total 1 to 5 years                                                        48,797             47,378           5.79
5 to 10 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                84,945             81,793           7.49
States and political subdivisions                                            7,283              7,060           5.43
Mortgage-backed securities                                                  55,419             50,453           6.04
Other                                                                       15,012             14,609           7.85
  Total 5 to 10 years                                                      162,659            153,915           6.93
After 10 years
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                40,648             40,313           8.04
States and political subdivisions                                            2,235              2,195           5.67
Mortgage-backed securities                                                  81,061             78,192           7.65
Other                                                                           --                 --             --
  Total after 10 years                                                     123,944            120,700           7.74
Total
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                               145,542            141,117           7.49
States and political subdivisions                                           44,222             43,827           5.06
Mortgage-backed securities                                                 143,082            134,902           6.93
Other                                                                       15,012             14,609           7.85
  Total investment securities                                             $347,858            334,455           6.97%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Average balances, yields and net interest margins
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                             1994                            1993                           1992
                                                 Interest                        Interest                       Interest
                                       Average    Income/  Average      Average   Income/  Average     Average   Income/  Average
                                       Balance    Expense    Rate       Balance   Expense    Rate      Balance   Expense   Rate
<S>                                  <C>         <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>       <C>
Assets
  Loans, net of unearned income      $1,110,859    94,432    8.50%   $1,021,984    87,559    8.57%  $1,005,658    93,532   9.30%
  Trading securities                         --        --      --         1,731        94    5.43           --        --     --
  Securities available for sale:
    U.S. Treasuries and agencies        272,003    17,142    6.30       182,273    12,797    7.02       48,660     3,671   7.54
    Other                                65,134     4,104    6.30        10,160       804    7.91        7,056       558   7.91
    Total securities available
      for sale                          337,137    21,246    6.30       192,433    13,601    7.07       55,716     4,229   7.59
  Investment securities:
    U.S. Treasuries and agencies         98,380     7,128    7.24       274,398    16,913    6.16      342,796    26,209   7.65
    States and political subdivisions    27,120     1,661    6.13        32,615     2,074    6.35       54,652     4,005   7.33
    Mortgage-backed securities          111,691     7,254    6.50       119,442     8,444    7.07      149,408    12,389   8.29
    Other                                13,621     1,036    7.61        28,681     2,071    7.23       21,969     1,639   7.46
    Total investment securities         250,812    17,079    6.81       455,136    29,502    6.48      568,825    44,242   7.78
  Federal funds sold                    203,878     9,058    4.44       163,567     4,912    3.00      113,429     3,811   3.36
    Total interest earning assets     1,902,686   141,815    7.45     1,834,851   135,668    7.39    1,743,628   145,814   8.36
  Allowance for loan losses             (37,334)                        (30,214)                       (23,735)
  Cash and non-interest
    earning assets                      129,145                         142,078                        132,287
    Total assets                     $1,994,497                       1,946,715                      1,852,180
Liabilities and shareholders' equity
  Time deposits:
    Regular savings & NOW accounts    $ 972,719    25,361    2.61%    $ 973,076    27,530    2.83%   $ 811,973    31,850   3.92%
    Other time deposits                 741,795    34,673    4.67       701,692    33,352    4.75      774,839    43,324   5.59
    Total time deposits               1,714,514    60,034    3.50     1,674,768    60,882    3.64    1,586,812    75,174   4.74
  Short-term borrowings                  18,129       461    2.54        17,447       380    2.18       25,520       757   2.97
  Long-term debt                          2,840       203    7.15         3,870       357    9.22        5,000       470   9.40
    Total interest-bearing
      liabilities                     1,735,483    60,698    3.50     1,696,085    61,619    3.63    1,617,332    76,401   4.72
  Demand deposits                        93,822                          92,763                         88,667
  Other liabilities                      28,215                          32,219                         29,943
  Shareholders' equity                  136,977                         125,648                        116,238
    Total liabilities and
      shareholders' equity           $1,994,497                      $1,946,715                     $1,852,180
Net interest income                                81,117                          74,049                         69,413
Net interest spread                                          3.95%                           3.76%                         3.64%
Net interest margin (net
  interest income to total
  interest earning assets)                                   4.26                            4.04                          3.98
</TABLE>

Certain portions of income earned on certain commercial loans, U.S.
Government obligations, obligations of states and political
subdivisions, and equity securities are exempt from federal and state
taxation. Appropriate adjustments have been made to reflect the equivalent
amount of taxable income that would have been necessary to generate an equal
amount of after tax income. Federal and New York State tax rates used to
calculate income on a tax equivalent basis were 35.0 percent and 10.13
percent for 1994, 35.0 percent and 10.35 percent for 1993, and 34.0 percent
and 10.35 percent for 1992. The average balances of securities available for
sale is calculated using market values for these securities. For 1994, the
average market value was $2.4 million greater than original costs.

Federal Funds Sold: During 1994, the average balance of these funds was
$203.9 million up from the $163.6 million in 1993. The average rate earned on
these funds was 4.44% for 1994, and 3.00% for 1993. TrustCo utilized this
category of earning assets during 1994 as a means of keeping strong liquidity
during  the year as interest rates in the securities markets rose. Rather
than invest this excess liquidity during 1994,  the Company chose to invest
these funds in overnight federal funds sold. This decision had the short term
effect of suppressing the potential earnings for 1994, but positioned TrustCo
to take advantage of higher interest rates offered near the end of 1994 and
into 1995. The increase in federal funds balances during 1994 is not expected
to continue during 1995 as the Company reinvests this excess liquidity into
higher yielding securities.

Interest Bearing Sources of Funds: TrustCo utilizes various traditional
sources of funds to support its asset portfolio. The following table "Average
Sources of Funding" presents the various categories of funds used and the
corresponding average balances for each of the last two years.

<TABLE>
Average Sources of Funding
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                                                       % of            Components of
                                                                            Total            Total Funding
                                              1994       1993    Change    Change      1994       1993       1992
<S>                                     <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>
Demand deposits                         $   93,822     92,763    1,059        2.6%      5.1        5.2        5.2
Retail deposits:
  Regular savings                          726,362    730,200   (3,838)      (9.5)     39.7       40.8       33.9
  Time deposits under $100 thousand        589,506    550,358   39,148       96.8      32.2       30.8       35.0
  NOW accounts                             246,357    242,876    3,481        8.6      13.5       13.6       13.7
  Money market deposits                    103,622    113,632  (10,010)     (24.7)      5.7        6.4        7.8
  Total retail deposits                  1,665,847  1,637,066   28,781       71.2      91.1       91.6       90.4
  Total core deposits                    1,759,669  1,729,829   29,840       73.8      96.2       96.8       95.6
Time deposits over $100 thousand            48,667     37,702   10,965       27.1       2.7        2.1        2.6
Short-term borrowings                       18,129     17,447      682        1.7       1.0        0.9        1.5
Long-term debt                               2,840      3,870   (1,030)      (2.6)      0.1        0.2        0.3
  Total purchased liabilities               69,636     59,019   10,617       26.2       3.8        3.2        4.4
  Total sources of funding              $1,829,305  1,788,848   40,457      100.0%    100.0      100.0      100.0
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Average Deposits by Type of Depositor
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
                                                                    1994         1993          1992        1991          1990
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>             <C>
Individuals, partnerships and corporations                    $1,752,163    1,706,530     1,605,191     948,390       690,970
U.S. Government                                                      542          540           525         505           620
States and political subdivisions                                 44,289       48,145        58,439      45,101        37,162
Other (certified and official checks, etc.)                       11,342       12,316        11,324       7,308         5,231
  Total average deposits by type of depositor                 $1,808,336    1,767,531     1,675,479   1,001,304       733,983
</TABLE>

Deposits: The average of total deposits (including time deposits greater than
$100 thousand) was $1.808 billion in 1994 compared to $1.768 billion in 1993.
Deposit increases centered in the retail deposit categories of time deposit
under $100 thousand (an increase of $39.1 million), and NOW accounts (an
increase of $3.5 million). Growth was also experienced in time deposits
greater than $100 thousand, which increased by $11.0 million. These increases
were offset by decreases in average deposits in regular savings accounts
($3.8 million) and money market deposit accounts ($10.0 million). TrustCo
experienced the same trend noted by other financial institutions, namely
depositors switching from regular savings type accounts to time deposit
products. This was an attempt by depositors to lock in higher rates than
those offered on regular savings accounts. By year-end 1994, demand deposits,
regular savings, NOW accounts, and money market accounts were down $79.0
million from year-end 1993, while all other deposit accounts increased $74.6
million. The average rate on deposit accounts was 3.50% in 1994, compared to
3.64% in 1993 and 4.74% in 1992. The dramatic reduction in rates from 1992 to
1994 more than offset the modest increases in average balances during this time
period thereby producing interest expense that was $15.1 million less in 1994
than it was in 1992, and $848 thousand less than in 1993. For 1995, TrustCo
anticipates interest expense to rise as competitive pressures and the
depositors desire for higher rates becomes more of a reality. Mutual funds,
and the stock and bond markets all compete with financial institutions for
the same funds. TrustCo has developed plans for 1995 to add 3 new branches.
These new retail outlets will provide new sources of funding and additional
opportunities for cross selling to a new deposit base.

Maturity of 1994 Year end Time deposits
over $100 thousand
(in thousands)

      Under 3 months             $ 16,547
      3 to 6 months                 4,099
      6 to 12 months               11,132
      over 12 months               30,733
                                 --------
                                 $ 62,511

Other Funding Sources: The Company had $18.1 million of average short-term
borrowings and $2.8 million of long-term debt outstanding during 1994. Total
purchased liabilities (which includes time deposits over $100 thousand) was
$69.6 million in 1994  compared to $59.0 million in 1993. The average  rate
on short-term borrowings was 2.54% in 1994  and 2.18% in 1993; the average
rate on the long-term debt was 7.15% in 1994 and 9.22% in 1993.

Net Interest Income

Taxable equivalent net interest income for 1994  was $81.1 million, up
$7.1 million or 9.5% over 1993. The yield on average earning assets rose 6
basis points to 7.45% during the year while the rate paid on average interest
bearing liabilities dropped 13 basis points to 3.50%. Together, this resulted
in a 19 basis point increase in the net spread to 3.95%. While spread  is an
important consideration, net interest margin is generally viewed as the most
significant measure of earning asset performance. The net interest margin
increased 22 basis points to 4.26% during 1994.

<TABLE>
Volume and Yield Analysis
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                     1994 vs. 1993                                   1993 vs. 1992
                                                      Increase    Due to   Due to                     Increase   Due to   Due to
                                      1994     1993  (Decrease)   Volume     Rate     1993     1992  (Decrease)  Volume    Rate
<S>                               <C>       <C>     <C>          <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>         <C>       <C>
Interest income (TE):
  Federal funds sold              $  9,058    4,912      4,146     1,408    2,738    4,912    3,811      1,101    1,541    (440)
  Trading securities                    --       94        (94)      (94)      --       94       --         94       94      --
  Securities available for sale     21,246   13,601      7,645     9,190   (1,545)  13,601    4,229      9,372    9,643    (271)
  Investment securities
    Taxable                         15,417   27,425    (12,008)  (14,010)   2,002   27,425   40,234    (12,809)  (6,479) (6,330)
    Tax-exempt                       1,662    2,077       (415)     (341)     (74)   2,077    4,008     (1,931)  (1,453)   (478)
    Total investment securities     17,079   29,502    (12,423)  (14,351)   1,928   29,502   44,242    (14,740)  (7,932) (6,808)
  Loans                             94,432   87,559      6,873     7,064     (191)  87,559   93,532     (5,973)     570  (6,543)
    Total interest income          141,815  135,668      6,147     3,217    2,930  135,668  145,814    (10,146)   3,916 (14,062)
Interest expense:
  NOW accounts                       3,636    4,224       (588)       60     (648)   4,224    6,406     (2,182)     231  (2,413)
  Money market deposits              2,477    2,937       (460)     (248)    (212)   2,937    4,720     (1,783)    (624) (1,159)
  Regular savings                   21,725   23,306     (1,581)     (121)  (1,460)  23,306   25,444     (2,138)   5,806  (7,944)
  Time deposits under
     $100 thousand                  29,613   28,325      1,288     1,979     (691)  28,325   36,026     (7,701)  (2,681) (5,020)
  Time deposits over
     $100 thousand                   2,583    2,090        493       585      (92)   2,090    2,578       (488)    (385)   (103)
  Short-term borrowings                461      380         81        15       66      380      757       (377)    (205)   (172)
  Long-term debt                       203      357       (154)      (84)     (70)     357      470       (113)    (104)     (9)
    Total interest expense          60,698   61,619       (921)    2,186   (3,107)  61,619   76,401    (14,782)   2,038 (16,820)
    Net interest income (TE)      $ 81,117   74,049      7,068     1,031    6,037   74,049   69,413      4,636    1,878   2,758

Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense due to both
rate and volume have been allocated to the two categories of variances
(volume and rate) based on the percentage relationship of such variances to
each other.

The margins and spreads for 1994 and 1993 resulted from an increase in
interest on earning assets of $6.1 million and a decrease in interest expense
of $921 thousand. The increase in the interest on earning assets was almost
evenly split between the increase in average balances and increases in rates.
The decrease in interest on liabilities was primarily a factor of decreasing
rates offset by additional interest expense resulting from increased average
balances.

Risk Management

The responsibility for balance sheet risk management oversight is the
function of the asset allocation committee. This committee meets monthly and
includes the senior executives of the Company as  well as other department
managers as appropriate. The meetings include a review of the balance sheet
structure, formulation of strategy in light of expected economic conditions,
and a review of performance against guidelines established to control
exposure  to various types of risk.

Credit Risk

Credit risk is managed through a network of loan officer authorities,
credit committees, loan policies and oversight from the senior executives of
the Company. Management follows a policy of continually identifying,
analyzing and evaluating the credit risk inherent in the loan portfolio. As a
result of management's ongoing review of the loan portfolio, loans are placed
in non-accrual status, either due to the delinquent  status of principal
and/or interest payments or a  judgment by management that, although payment
of principal and/or interest are current, such action is prudent. Loans are
generally placed in non-accrual status when principal and/or interest is 90
days past due. Thereafter, no interest is taken into income unless received
in cash or until such time as the borrower demonstrates the ability to make
scheduled payments of interest and principal.

Non-Performing Assets

Non-performing assets include loans in non-accrual status, loans which
have been treated as troubled debt restructurings, and loans past due 90 days
or more and still accruing interest. Also included in total non-performing
assets are foreclosed and in-substance foreclosed real estate properties.

Non-performing assets at year-end 1994 totalled $17.0 million, down
$4.1 million from the balance  at year-end 1993. Non-performing loans
increased from $1.9 million in 1993 to $2.8 million in 1994. Non-performing
loans as a percentage of loans were 0.24% in 1994, 0.18% in 1993 and 0.72% in
1992. All of these percentages are well below industry and peer group
averages, and reflect TrustCo's conservative lending policy and its
aggressive collection and charge-off policies.

Non-performing assets for 1994 included $5.1  million of foreclosed
properties and $9.2 million of  in-substance foreclosed properties. For 1993,
the  balance of foreclosed properties stood at $4.3 million and the
in-substance foreclosed properties totalled $14.9 million.

There are no other loans in the Bank's portfolio  that management is
aware of that pose any significant risk of the eventual non-collection of
principal. As of December 31, 1994, there were no other loans  classified for
regulatory purposes that management reasonably expects will materially impact
future  operating results, liquidity or capital resources.


</TABLE>
<TABLE>
Non-performing Assets
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                                                 As of December 31,
                                                     1994            1993              1992              1991              1990
<S>                                              <C>              <C>                <C>               <C>               <C>
Loans on non-accrual status                      $  1,058              24               970             1,054               107
Loans past due 90 days or more                        803           1,853             6,438             3,340             1,772
Restructured loans                                    910              --                --                --                --
Total non-performing loans                          2,771           1,877             7,408             4,394             1,879
Foreclosed real estate                              5,080           4,309             5,946             1,413                --
In-substance foreclosed real estate                 9,157          14,917            20,674            16,771                --
Total non-performing assets                       $17,008          21,103            34,028            22,578             1,879
Allowance for loan losses                         $38,851          34,087            26,919            19,049            13,446
Allowance coverage of non-performing loans          14.02X          18.16              3.63              4.34              7.16
Non-performing loans as a % of total loans           0.24%           0.18              0.72              0.44              0.41
Non-performing assets as a % of total assets         0.86            1.07              1.75              1.28              0.20
</TABLE>

Allowance for Loan Losses

The balance in the allowance for loan losses has been accumulated over
the years through periodic  provisions, and is available to absorb losses on
loans which have been determined to be uncollectible. The adequacy of the
allowance is evaluated continuously, with particular emphasis on
non-performing and other loans that management believes warrant special
attention. The balance of the allowance is maintained at a level that is, in
management's judgment, representative of the amount of risk inherent in the
loan portfolio given present and anticipated future conditions.

The table "Summary of Loan Loss Experience" includes an analysis of the
changes to the allowance for the past five years. Loans charged off in 1994
were $4.8 million, compared to $6.7 million in 1993. Recoveries were $1.5
million in 1994, and $2.3 million in 1993. The provisions recorded in 1994
and 1993 were $8.1 million and $11.6 million, respectively.

Non-Performing Assets (in millions)

1992               $34.0
1993               $21.1
1994               $17.0

<TABLE>
Summary of Loan Loss Experience
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                               1994             1993              1992               1991            1990
<S>                                            <C>               <C>               <C>                <C>              <C>
Amount of loans outstanding at end of year
    (less unearned income)                     $1,152,632        1,060,648         1,028,541          1,025,421         462,469
Average loans outstanding during year
    (less average unearned income)              1,110,859        1,021,984         1,005,658            625,031         443,167
Balance of allowance at beginning of year          34,087           26,919            19,049             13,446          11,336
Loans charged off:
  Commercial                                        3,864            5,866             4,857              1,129             313
  Real estate                                          53              199               125                 70             140
  Installment                                         907              676             1,015                616             395
      Total                                         4,824            6,741             5,997              1,815             848
Recoveries of loans previously charged off:
  Commercial                                        1,125            1,810               327                 23              21
  Real estate                                          --               --                --                 --              --
  Installment                                         407              523               847                174             237
      Total                                         1,532            2,333             1,174                197             258
Net loans charged off                               3,292            4,408             4,823              1,618             590
Additions to allowance charged to
    operating expense                               8,056           11,576            12,693              6,490           2,700
Allowance of acquired bank                             --               --                --                731              --
Balance of allowance at end of year            $   38,851           34,087            26,919             19,049          13,446
Net charge-offs as percent of average
    loans outstanding during year
    (less average unearned income)                   0.30%            0.43              0.48               0.26            0.13
Allowance as percent of loans outstanding
    at end of year                                   3.37             3.21              2.62               1.86            2.91
</TABLE>

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans were .30% in 1994 and
 .43% in 1993, while the allowance as a percentage of
loans outstanding  grew to 3.37% in 1994 from 3.21% in 1993.
The Company has a policy of recognizing charge-offs early in a
loan's deterioration and then aggressively pursuing collection efforts. This
policy of early intervention has proven to be a cornerstone of the strong
lending performance that TrustCo has achieved.

In 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 1
14 "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" which is effective for
TrustCo for 1995. This statement prescribes recognition criteria for loan
impairment and measurement methods for certain impaired loans and loans whose
terms have been the subject of a renegotiation. TrustCo will adopt the new
pronouncement in 1995, and does not anticipate that it will have any material
impact on the financial condition or operating results of the Company.  A
significant percentage of loans that have been identified as in-substance
foreclosed real estate and included in real estate owned as of December 31,
1994, will be reclassified to loans under Statement 114.

Interest Rate Risk

Management of interest rate risk involves continual monitoring of the
relative sensitivity of asset and liability portfolios to changes in rate due
to maturities or repricing. Forecasting models are utilized to quantify the
impact of changes in rates on the Company's net income. Specific targets for
interest rate sensitivity have been established by the Company.

Interest rate sensitivity is a function of the repricing of assets and
liabilities through maturity and interest rate changes. The objective is to
maintain an appropriate balance between income growth and the risk
associated with maximizing income through the  mismatch of the timing of
interest rate changes between assets and liabilities. Perfectly matching
this funding can eliminate interest rate risk but net interest income is not
always enhanced.

One measure of interest rate risk, the so called "gap," is illustrated
in the table "Interest Rate Sensitivity."

The table measures the incremental and cumulative gap, or the
difference between assets and liabilities subject to repricing during the
periods indicated. For purposes of this analysis the maturity and repricing
of loans is based on the stated maturity or earliest repricing date. For
securities available for sale and investment securities, the earlier of
average life or stated maturity is used. NOW, money market deposits and
regular savings accounts are presented with a maturity or repricing cycle
over the full interest rate cycle even though they are subject to immediate
withdrawal. Time deposit accounts are presented based upon their maturity
dates.

At December 31, 1994, the Company's gap position indicates an excess
of assets repricing in the 0-90 day period of $462.9 million. This positive
gap position is significantly enhanced by the $263.0 million federal funds
balance at year end. The gap position turns negative in the 91 to 365 day
period and in the 1 to 5 year period. This situation reflects the
significant amount of time deposits that mature  in these timebands. Over 5
years, the gap position again reflects an excess of repricing assets over
liabilities of $490.3 million.

In evaluating interest rate sensitivity at year-end 1994, the Company
would benefit from an increase in interest rates, as the Bank would be able
to redeploy short-term assets that are repricing into higher yielding
investments. Conversely, the Company would be negatively affected by a
decrease in interest rates, since the assets that are repricing would do so
at lower interest rates.

The Company's gap position is constantly under evaluation in relation
to products, services and the marketplace. The positive gap position at
year-end was designed by management to position the Bank  to take full
advantage of increased interest rates  available at that time.

There are some shortcomings inherent in the method of analysis
presented in the Interest Rate Sensitivity table. For example, although
certain  assets and liabilities have similar periods to maturity or to
repricing, they may react in different degrees  to changes in market rates.
Also, the interest rates  on certain types of assets and liabilities may
fluctuate in advance of changes in market interest rates, while interest
rates on other types may lag behind changes in market rates. Additionally,
certain assets have  features which restrict changes in interest rates on a
short-term basis and over the life of the asset (certain annual caps and
lifetime caps). Further, in the event  of significant change in interest
rates, prepayment  and early withdrawal levels would likely deviate
significantly from those assumed in the table. Finally, the ability of many
borrowers to service their debt  may decrease in the event of a significant
interest  rate increase. Management takes these factors into account when
reviewing the Bank's gap position  and establishing future asset/liability
strategy.

<TABLE>
Interest Rate Sensitivity
(dollars in thousands)
                                                                  At December 31, 1994
                                                                  Repricing, or able to be repriced, in:
                                                  0-90       91-365           1-5         Over 5             Rate
                                                  Days         Days         Years          Years      Insensitive       Total
<S>                                           <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
Assets:
  Federal funds sold                          $263,000           --            --             --               --     263,000
  Securities available for sale                  2,350          226       102,668         12,214               --     117,458
  Investment securities                         17,558        4,654       133,696        191,950               --     347,858
  Loans, net of unearned income                320,700      170,021       101,632        560,279               --   1,152,632
  Allowance for loan losses                         --           --            --             --          (38,851)    (38,851)
  Others assets                                  1,873        5,623        29,988         14,995           81,101     133,580
  Total assets                                 605,481      180,524       367,984        779,438           42,250   1,975,677
Cumulative total assets                        605,481      786,005     1,153,989      1,933,427        1,975,677   1,975,677
Liabilities and shareholders' equity:
  Deposits:
    Demand deposits                              3,339       10,017        53,426         26,714               --      93,496
    NOW accounts                                 9,804       29,411       140,858         67,763               --     247,836
    Money market deposits                       11,620       34,862        46,483             --               --      92,965
    Regular savings                             20,222       74,617       379,303        189,651               --     663,793
    Time deposits under 100 thousand            63,294      192,876       369,521          3,539               --     629,230
    Time deposits over 100 thousand             16,547       15,231        30,733             --               --      62,511
    Total interest bearing deposits            121,487      346,997       966,898        260,953               --   1,696,335
    Total deposits                             124,826      357,014     1,020,324        287,667               --   1,789,831
Short-term borrowings                           12,713           --            --             --               --      12,713
Long-term debt                                      --          296         3,254             --               --       3,550
Other liabilities                                5,034          395           342          1,449           23,080      30,300
Shareholders' equity                                --           --            --             --          139,283     139,283
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity     142,573      357,705     1,023,920        289,116          162,363   1,975,677
Cumulative total liabilities and
    shareholders' equity                      $142,573      500,278     1,524,198      1,813,314        1,975,677   1,975,677
Incremental gap:
  Interest sensitivity gap                    $462,908     (177,181)     (655,936)       490,322
  Gap as a % of earning assets                   24.61%       (9.42)       (34.87)         26.07
  Interest sensitive assets to liabilities      449.78        50.36         34.84         292.94
Cumulative gap:
  Interest sensitivity gap                    $462,908      285,727      (370,209)        120,113
  Gap as a % of earning assets                   24.61%       15.19        (19.68)           6.39
  Interest sensitive assets to liabilities      449.78       161.69         76.91          109.83
</TABLE>

Liquidity Risk

TrustCo seeks to obtain favorable sources of liabilities and to
maintain prudent levels of liquid assets in order to satisfy varied liquidity
demands. In addition to serving as a funding source for maturing obligations,
liquidity provides flexibility in responding to customer initiated needs.
Many factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including variations
in the markets served by the TrustCo network of branches, the mix of assets
and liabilities, and general economic conditions.

The Company actively manages its liquidity position through target
ratios established under the Asset/Liability Management policies. Continual
monitoring of these ratios, both historically and through forecasts under
multiple interest rate scenarios, allows TrustCo to employ strategies
necessary to maintain adequate liquidity levels. Management has also
developed various liquidity alternatives should abnormal situations arise.

The Company achieves its liability-based liquidity objectives in a
variety of ways. Net liabilities can be classified into three categories for
the purposes of managing liability based liquidity; net core deposits,
purchased money and capital market funds. TrustCo seeks deposits that are
dependable and predictable, ones that are based as much on interest rate as
they are on the level and quality of service. At December 31, 1994, core
deposits representing total deposits less those deposits greater than
$100,000, amounted to $1.727 billion. Average balances of core deposits are
detailed in the table "Average Sources of Funding."

In addition to core deposits another funding source available to
TrustCo is purchased money. These are principally long and short term
borrowings, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase
agreements and time deposits greater than $100,000. The average balances of
these purchased money instruments are detailed in the table "Average Sources
of Funding." During 1994 the average balance in  purchased money instruments
was $69.6 million,  in 1993 it was $59.0 million and in 1992 it was  $75.1
million.

Off-Balance Sheet Risk

Commitments to extend credit: TrustCo makes contractual commitments to
extend credit and extends lines of credit, which are subject to the Bank's
credit approval and monitoring procedures. At December  31, 1994 and 1993
commitments to extend credit in the form of loans, including unused lines of
credit amounted to $217.3 million and $200.9 million respectively. In the
opinion of management, there  are no material commitments to extend credit
that represent unusual risk.

Letters of credit and standby letters of credit: TrustCo guarantees the
obligations or performance of customers by issuing letters of credit and
standby letters  of credit to third parties. These letters of credit are
frequently issued in support of third party debt, such  as corporate debt
issuances, industrial revenue bonds and municipal securities. The risk
involved in issuing letters of credit and standby letters of credit is
essentially the same as the credit risk involved in extending loan facilities
to customers, and they are subject to the same credit origination, portfolio
maintenance and management procedures in effect to monitor other credit and
off balance sheet products. At December 31, 1994 and 1993 outstanding letters
of credit and standby letters of credit were approximately $20.8  million and
$21.4 million respectively.

Other Off-Balance Sheet Risk: TrustCo does not engage in activities
involving interest rate swaps, forward placement contracts, options or any
other instrument commonly referred to as a "derivative." Management believes
these instruments pose a high degree of risk and that investing in them is
unnecessary.

Noninterest Income and Expense

Noninterest Income: Noninterest income is a  significant source of
revenue for the Company and an important factor in the overall results for
the year. Total noninterest income was $4.6 million for 1994 compared to $19.2
million in 1993. Included in the 1994 results are $8.9 million of securities
losses compared to securities gains of $6.2 million during the comparable
period in 1993. Excluding these securities transactions, noninterest income
would have been $13.4 million and $12.9 million in 1994 and 1993,
respectively. As noted earlier, these securities losses for 1994 were
realized in an effort to maintain the available for sale portfolio at the
year-end higher interest rates. Therefore, future periods will benefit from
these enhanced rates.

<TABLE>
Noninterest income
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)
                                                                                                         1994 vs. 1993
                                                     1994             1993             1992         Amount           Percent
<S>                                                <C>              <C>              <C>          <C>                <C>
Trust department income                            $4,850            4,347            3,869            503              11.6%
Service charges on deposit accounts and
  other charges and fees                            7,007            6,489            6,378            518               8.0
Credit card processing income                         903              881            1,035             22               2.5
Net gain (loss) on securities transactions         (8,877)           6,239            2,939        (15,116)           (242.3)
Other                                                 677            1,220            1,212           (543)            (44.5)
  Total noninterest income                         $4,560           19,176           15,433        (14,616)            (76.2)%
</TABLE>

The Trust Department contributes the largest recurring portion of
noninterest income through fees generated by the performance of fiduciary
services. Income from these fiduciary activities totalled $4.9 million in
1994 and $4.3 million in 1993. This increase was the result of changes in the
fees charged on trust accounts.

The changes in the other categories of noninterest income reflect the
fee scale used by the Bank for pricing its services.

Noninterest Expense: Noninterest expense was $40.6 million in 1994,
$43.5 million in 1993 and $42.8 million in 1992. TrustCo's operating
philosophy stresses the importance of monitoring and controlling the level of
noninterest expense. The efficiency ratio is a strong indicator of how well
controlled and monitored these expenses are for a banking enterprise. The
TrustCo efficiency ratio was 41.82% for 1994, 44.63% for 1993 and 51.96%
for 1992.

Salaries and employee benefits are the most significant component of
noninterest expense. At year-end 1994, these expenses amounted to $18.3
million  compared to $16.6 million and $15.9 million for  1993 and 1992,
respectively. The increase in salaries and employee benefits reflect merit
increases and raises given to the Bank staff. In addition, increased costs
for benefits, such as health insurance and retirement benefits, account for
the remainder of the increase.

Expenses associated with the portfolio of other real estate decreased
from $4.7 million in 1993 to $1.0 million in 1994. During 1993 the Company
recognized significant write-downs and expenses associated with other real
estate properties so as to facilitate their eventual disposition.

Continued operating efficiency is a cornerstone to TrustCo's operating
philosophy. TrustCo is committed to continuing cost control and to the
reduction of noninterest expense where possible.

Efficiency Ratio
      1992                   51.96%
      1993                   44.63%
      1994                   41.82%

Income Tax

In 1994, TrustCo recognized income tax expense of $12.6 million as
compared to $12.5 million in 1993 and $9.3 million in 1992. The tax expense
on the Company's income was lower than tax expense at the statutory rate of
35% primarily due to tax exempt income and other permanent differences.

Prior to January 1, 1993, when it adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," the Company
accounted for income taxes under APB No. 11. Statement 109, which calls  for
an asset/liability, or balance sheet approach in  determining income tax
expense, has changed the Company's method of accounting for income taxes from
that required under ABP No. 11, which had been the deferred method or income
statement approach. Adoption of the new accounting literature did not have
any material impact on the results of operation for the year of adoption.

<TABLE>
Noninterest Expense
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                                                                                   1994 vs. 1993
                                                    1994            1993             1992           Amount            Percent
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>               <C>
Salaries and employee benefits                   $18,323          16,649           15,853            1,674               10.1%
Net occupancy expense of bank premises             3,479           3,439            3,534               40                1.2
Equipment expense                                  3,363           3,650            4,182             (287)              (7.9)
FDIC insurance expense                             4,071           3,985            3,654               86                2.2
Advertising and promotional expense                  871             999            2,168             (128)             (12.8)
Professional services                              2,548           2,508            4,295               40                1.6
Other real estate expenses                         1,016           4,679              215           (3,663)             (78.3)
Supplies                                           1,176           1,207            1,286              (31)              (2.6)
Credit card processing expense                       758           1,000            1,143             (242)             (24.2)
Amortization of goodwill                              --              --              880               --                 --
Other                                              4,955           5,386            5,561             (431)              (8.0)
  Total noninterest expense                      $40,560          43,502           42,771           (2,942)              (6.8)%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Five Year Summary of Financial Data
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                      1994              1993            1992             1991             1990
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
Statement of income data:
  Interest income                               $  140,282           133,657         143,260          100,805           81,520
  Interest expense                                  60,698            61,619          76,401           58,252           48,445
  Net interest income                               79,584            72,038          66,859           42,553           33,075
  Provision for loan losses                          8,056            11,576          12,693            6,490            2,700
  Net interest income after provision
    for loan losses                                 71,528            60,462          54,166           36,063           30,375
  Noninterest income                                 4,560            19,176          15,433            9,847            5,735
  Noninterest expense                               40,560            43,502          42,771           28,193           21,877
  Income before income taxes                        35,528            36,136          26,828           17,717           14,233
  Income tax expense                                12,640            12,516           9,325            4,856            3,658
  Income before cumulative effect of
    change in accounting principle                  22,888            23,620          17,503           12,861           10,575
  Cumulative effect of a change in
    accounting principle                                --            (3,295)             --               --               --
  Net income                                    $   22,888            20,325          17,503           12,861           10,575
Share data:
  Average equivalent shares outstanding
    (in thousands)                                  14,886            14,803          14,606           11,189           10,030
  Book value                                    $     9.53              8.93            8.32             7.73             6.03
  Cash dividends                                       .98               .80             .62              .52              .41
  Net income                                          1.54              1.37            1.20             1.15             1.05
Financial ratios:
  Return on average assets                            1.15%             1.04             .94             1.12             1.22
  Return on average shareholders' equity <F1>        17.01             16.18           15.06            17.16            18.49
  Cash dividend payout ratio                         63.71             57.93           51.05            45.00            38.36
  Tier 1 capital as a % of total risk adjusted
    assets                                           12.08             12.18           11.39            10.45            11.36
  Total capital as a % of total risk adjusted
    assets                                           13.35             13.45           12.64            11.70            12.33
  Efficiency ratio                                   41.82             44.63           51.96            48.51            50.28
  Net interest margin                                 4.26              4.04            3.98             4.20             4.41
Average balances:
  Total assets                                  $1,994,497         1,946,715       1,852,180        1,149,775          868,069
  Earning assets                                 1,902,686         1,834,851       1,743,628        1,085,868          813,663
  Loans, net                                     1,110,859         1,021,984       1,005,658          625,031          443,167
  Allowance for loan losses                        (37,334)          (30,214)        (23,735)         (16,139)         (12,362)
  Securities available for sale                    337,137           192,433          55,716               --               --
  Investment securities                            250,812           455,136         568,825          418,295          308,813
  Deposits                                       1,808,336         1,767,531       1,675,479        1,001,304          733,983
  Short-term borrowings                             18,129            17,447          25,520           42,990           50,489
  Long-term debt                                     2,840             3,870           5,000            5,000            5,000
  Shareholders' equity                             136,977           125,648         116,238           74,951           57,208
<FN>
<F1> Average shareholders' equity excludes the effect of the mark to market
     adjustment for securities available for sale.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Summary of unaudited quarterly financial information
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
                                                 1994                                                   1993
                            Q1         Q2         Q3        Q4         Year        Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4       Year
<S>                    <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
Income statement:
  Interest income      $  32,684     34,726     36,215    36,657     140,282     34,209     33,731     33,216     32,501    133,657
  Interest expense        14,666     15,069     15,342    15,621      60,698     16,062     15,470     15,207     14,880     61,619
  Net interest income     18,018     19,657     20,873    21,036      79,584     18,147     18,261     18,009     17,621     72,038
  Provision for
    loan losses            1,827      1,886      2,778     1,565       8,056      1,000      2,600      5,690      2,286     11,576
  Net interest
    income after
    provision for
    loan losses           16,191     17,771     18,095    19,471      71,528     17,147     15,661     12,319     15,335     60,462
  Noninterest income       3,314       (402)       838       810       4,560      4,981      2,943      5,379      5,873     19,176
  Noninterest expense     11,409      8,808      9,599    10,744      40,560      9,284     10,867     10,381     12,970     43,502
  Income before
    income taxes           8,096      8,561      9,334     9,537      35,528     12,844      7,737      7,317      8,238     36,136
  Income tax expense       2,800      3,085      3,420     3,335      12,640      4,809      2,833      2,030      2,844     12,516
  Income before
    cumulative
    effect of
    change in
    accounting
    principle              5,296      5,476      5,914      6,202     22,888      8,035      4,904      5,287      5,394     23,620
  Net income               5,296      5,476      5,914      6,202     22,888      4,751      4,904      5,287      5,383     20,325
Per share data:
  Net income                 .36        .37        .40        .42       1.54        .33        .34        .36        .36       1.37
  Book value                9.10       9.14       9.35       9.53       9.53       8.47       8.63       8.78       8.93       8.93
  Cash dividends
    declared                 .23        .23        .25        .28        .98        .18        .18        .21        .23        .80
Average balances:
  Assets               1,968,001  2,002,981  2,007,747  1,974,105  1,994,497  1,920,522  1,945,479  1,953,112  1,953,240  1,946,715
  Loans, net           1,081,884  1,099,507  1,119,222  1,143,331  1,110,859  1,019,725  1,017,706  1,004,929  1,036,161  1,021,984
  Deposits             1,797,804  1,821,748  1,825,202  1,788,504  1,808,336  1,749,573  1,768,967  1,775,303  1,775,908  1,767,531
  Shareholders'
    equity               142,752    134,353    134,657    137,641    136,977    120,571    124,950    127,440    129,513    125,648
Ratios:
  Return on
    average assets          1.08%      1.09       1.17       1.25       1.15       1.08       1.01       1.07       1.09       1.04
  Return on average
    shareholders'
    equity                 16.33      16.37      17.45      17.84      17.01      16.33      15.74      16.46      16.49      16.18
  Net interest
    margin (TE)             3.86       4.19       4.44       4.55       4.26       3.86       4.10       4.03       3.90       4.04
  Efficiency ratio         49.89      36.73      38.57      42.49      41.82      40.63      49.06      46.09      42.86      44.63
</TABLE>

Capital Resources

Consistent with its long-term goal of operating a sound and profitable
financial organization, TrustCo strives to maintain strong capital ratios.
New issues of equity securities have not been required, since most of the
Company's capital requirements have been provided through retained earnings.

Part of the operating philosophy of TrustCo is that the Company will
not retain any excess capital. All capital that is generated by the Company
that is in excess of the levels considered by management to be necessary for
the safe and sound operations of the Company will be distributed to the
shareholders in the form of recurring or special cash dividends.
Consequently, the capital ratios that are maintained are adequate but not
excessive. This philosophy has led to a dividend payout ratio for 1994 of
63.71%, 1993 of 57.93% and 1992 of 51.05%. These are significant payouts to
the Company shareholders and are considered by management to be a prudent use
of the retained capital in TrustCo. As to the likelihood of future dividends,
the philosophy stated above will continue into 1995 and where appropriate the
Board of Directors will declare dividends consistent with that operating
philosophy.

Dividends Per Share

    1992             $0.62
    1993             $0.80
    1994             $0.98

At December 31, 1994 TrustCo's Tier 1 capital  was $139.3 million or 12.08%
of risk adjusted assets. The Tier 1 capital to total assets or the
leverage ratio at December 31, 1994 was 7.05%  as compared to 6.59% in 1993
and 6.19% in 1992. At December 31, 1994 the subsidiary bank, Trustco Bank met
the regulatory definition of a "well  capitalized" institution.

The Bank has converted to a nationally chartered bank, and in early 1995
changed its legal name to Trustco Bank, National Association. All of the
current operations of the Bank are consistent with those allowed of a
nationally chartered bank. Therefore, management does not believe that the
operations will be inhibited in any fashion. The national charter allows the
Bank to streamline its regulatory process  by having the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency as the primary bank regulator.

As mentioned earlier, Trustco will be expanding its branch network by
three locations in 1995. It is not anticipated that additional capital will
be required to support this expansion program. Likewise, operating costs
during 1995 can be expected to rise modestly as a result of these new
branches, but will be offset by the additional revenue the new branches will
generate.

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles which require the measurement
of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars
without considering the changes in the relative purchasing power of money
over time  due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected  in the
increasing costs of operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all
the assets and  liabilities of the Company are monetary. As a result,
interest rates have a greater impact on the Company's performance than do the
effects of general levels of inflation, since interest rates do not
necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the  price of
goods and services.

Impact of Changes in Accounting Standards

ACCOUNTING FOR POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER  THAN PENSIONS: On January
1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement 106 "Employers' Accounting  for
Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions."  In implementing the new
accounting standard, the Company recorded a one time transition charge of
$3.3 million, net of tax benefits, which is reflected  as a cumulative effect
of a change in accounting principle in the 1993 consolidated statement of
income.

ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES: On January 1, 1993, the Company adopted
Statement 109 "Accounting  for Income Taxes." Statement 109 significantly
changed the method of accounting for income taxes for financial statement
purposes without affecting the actual cash tax liability. In adopting
Statement 109, the Company elected not to restate prior period financial
results. The implementation of Statement 109 had no  material impact on the
1993 results of operations. The Company's complete disclosure related to
Statement 109 is included in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

ACCOUNTING BY CREDITORS FOR IMPAIRMENT OF A LOAN: In May 1993,
Statement 114 "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" was issued.
The Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994
(for TrustCo this statement will be effective for 1995). This Statement
requires that an impaired loan be measured
based on the present value of expected future cash flows or, for a loan whose
repayment is collateral dependent, based on the  collateral's observable
market price. The Statement also narrows the application of the concept of
in-substance foreclosures to situations where the creditor has received
physical possession of the debtor's collateral regardless of whether formal
foreclosure proceedings have taken place. The adoption of Statement 114 is
not anticipated to have a material impact on the financial condition or
results of operation of the Company. Upon adoption, a significant percentage
of the loans identified at year-end 1994 as in-substance foreclosures will be
reclassified into the loan portfolio.

ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY SECURITIES. The
Company adopted Statement  115 "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities" effective January 1, 1994. Upon adoption of Statement
115, the Company identified securities that are "available for sale" and those
that are "held to maturity" (the Company has no  trading account assets as
prescribed by Statement 115). Securities classified as available for sale
are  those that can be sold in response to changes in  market interest rates,
liquidity requirements, or other investment alternatives. Securities
classified as held to maturity are not available for sale and are held until
contractual maturity or call. Securities available for  sale are recorded at
market value with the unrealized appreciation and depreciation, net of tax,
recorded as an element of shareholders' equity. Securities identified as held
to maturity are recorded at amortized cost.

Glossary of Terms

Book Value Per Share
Total shareholders' equity divided by shares outstanding on the same dates.
This provides an indication of the value of a share of stock.

Cash Dividends Per Share
Total cash dividends declared divided by average shares outstanding for the
period.

Derivative Investments
These are investments in futures contracts, forwards, swaps, or option
contracts, or other investments with similar characteristics.

Earning Assets
The sum of interest-bearing deposits with banks, securities available for
sale, investment securities, loans in accrual status and federal funds sold.

Earnings Per Share
Net income divided by the average shares of common stock outstanding during
the period including the effect of stock options.

Efficiency Ratio
Noninterest expense (excluding nonrecurring charges and other real estate
expense) divided by taxable equivalent net interest income plus noninterest
income (excluding securities transactions). This is an indicator of the total
cost of operating the Company in relation to total income generated.

Interest-Bearing Liabilities
The sum of interest-bearing deposits, federal funds purchased, securities
sold under agreements to repurchase, other short term borrowings and long
term debt.

Interest Rate Spread
The difference between the taxable equivalent yield on earning assets and the
rate paid on interest bearing liabilities.

Liquidity
The ability to meet both loan commitments and deposit withdrawals as they
come due.

Net Interest Margin
Fully taxable equivalent net interest income as a percentage of average
earning assets.

Net Loans Charged Off
Reductions to the allowance for loan losses written off as losses, net of the
recovery of loans previously charged off.

Non-Accrual Loans
Loans for which no periodic accrual of interest income is recognized.

Non-Performing Assets
The sum of non-performing loans plus real estate owned.

Non-Performing Loans
The sum of loans on a non-accrual basis (for purposes of interest
recognition) plus loans whose repayment criteria have been renegotiated to
less than market terms due to the inability of the borrowers to repay the
loan in accordance with their original terms plus loans 90 days or more past
due as to principal or interest payments.

Parent Company
A company that owns or controls a subsidiary through the ownership of voting
stock.

Real Estate Owned
Real estate acquired in either formal or, where the borrower's circumstances
appear to make actual foreclosure likely, in-substance foreclosures.

Return on Average Assets
Net income as a percentage of average total assets.

Return on Average Equity
Net income as a percentage of average equity, excluding the impact of the
mark to market adjustment for securities available for sale.

Taxable Equivalent (TE)
Tax exempt income which has been adjusted to an amount that would yield the
same after tax income had the income been subject to taxation at the
statutory Federal and/or state income tax rates.


Management's Statement of Responsibilities

The management of TrustCo Bank Corp NY (the "Company") is responsible for the
preparation, content and integrity of the financial statements and other
statistical data and analyses compiled for this report. The consolidated
financial statements and related notes have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles and, in the judgment of management,
present fairly and consistently the Company's financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. Management also believes that financial
information elsewhere in this report is consistent with that in the financial
statements. The amounts contained in the financial statements are based on
management's best estimates and judgments.

The Company maintains a system of internal controls and accounting procedures
designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the protection of assets and
the integrity of the financial statements. These procedures include
management's evaluation of asset quality, organizational arrangements that
provide an appropriate division of responsibilities, and a program of
internal audits to evaluate independently the adequacy and application of
financial and operating controls.

The Board of Directors discharges its responsibility for TrustCo's financial
statements through its Audit Committee which is composed entirely of outside
directors and has responsibility for the recommendation of the independent
auditors.

Management has made an assessment of the Company's internal control structure
and procedures, covering financial reporting using established and recognized
criteria. On the basis of this assessment, management believes that the
Company maintained an effective system of internal control for financial
reporting as of December 31, 1994.

Robert A. McCormick
President and Chief Executive Officer

Robert T. Cushing
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

January 27, 1995

Independent Auditors' Report

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of TrustCo Bank Corp NY:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of
TrustCo Bank Corp NY and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 1994. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of TrustCo
Bank Corp NY and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1994 the
Company adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board's
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" which changed its method of
accounting for certain investments in debt and equity securities. As
discussed in notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993
the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes" which changed its method of accounting for income taxes. As
discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
also adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting
for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions" in 1993 which changed its
method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions.

Albany, New York
January 27, 1995

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Income
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                  1994            1993                1992
<S>                                                                           <C>             <C>                 <C>
Interest income:
  Interest and fees on loans                                                   $93,873          86,965              92,935
  Interest and dividends on:
    U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                                23,841          28,976              29,125
    States and political subdivisions                                            1,129           1,416               2,810
    Mortgage-backed securities                                                   9,376           8,444              12,389
    Other                                                                        3,005           2,944               2,190
  Interest on federal funds sold                                                 9,058           4,912               3,811
      Total interest income                                                    140,282         133,657             143,260
Interest expense:
  Interest on deposits:
    Regular savings and NOW accounts                                            25,361          27,530              31,850
    Money market deposit accounts                                                2,477           2,937               4,720
    Certificates of deposit (in Denominations of $100,000 or more)               2,583           2,090               2,578
    Other time accounts                                                         29,613          28,325              36,026
  Interest on short-term borrowings                                                461             380                 757
  Interest on long-term debt                                                       203             357                 470
      Total interest expense                                                    60,698          61,619              76,401
      Net interest income                                                       79,584          72,038              66,859
Provision for loan losses                                                        8,056          11,576              12,693
      Net interest income after provision for loan losses                       71,528          60,462              54,166
Noninterest income:
  Trust department income                                                        4,850           4,347               3,869
  Fees for other services to customers                                           7,007           6,489               6,378
  Credit card processing income                                                    903             881               1,035
  Net gain (loss) on securities transactions                                    (8,877)          6,239               2,939
  Other                                                                            677           1,220               1,212
      Total noninterest income                                                   4,560          19,176              15,433
Noninterest expense:
  Salaries and employee benefits                                                18,323          16,649              15,853
  Net occupancy expense of bank premises                                         3,479           3,439               3,534
  Equipment expense                                                              3,363           3,650               4,182
  FDICinsurance expense                                                          4,071           3,985               3,654
  Advertising and promotional expense                                              871             999               2,168
  Professional services                                                          2,548           2,508               4,295
  Other real estate expenses                                                     1,016           4,679                 215
  Supplies                                                                       1,176           1,207               1,286
  Credit card processing expense                                                   758           1,000               1,143
  Amortization of goodwill                                                          --              --                 880
  Other                                                                          4,955           5,386               5,561
      Total noninterest expense                                                 40,560          43,502              42,771
Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of a
  change in accounting principle                                                35,528          36,136              26,828
Income taxes                                                                    12,640          12,516               9,325
Income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle             22,888          23,620              17,503
Cumulative effect at January 1, 1993 of a change in accounting principle            --         (3,295)                  --
Net income                                                                     $22,888          20,325              17,503
Earnings per common share:
Income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle              $1.54            1.59                1.20
Cumulative effect at January 1, 1993 of a change in accounting principle            --          (0.22)                  --
Net income per common share                                                      $1.54            1.37                1.20

Average equivalent shares outstanding 14,886,000 for 1994, 14,803,000 for 1993 and 14,606,000 for 1992. Per share data has been
adjusted for a 10% stock dividend in October 1994, a 2 for 1 stock split in
November 1993, and a 5 for 4 stock split in November 1992.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Condition
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<CAPTION>
As of December 31,

                                                                                    1994               1993
<S>                                                                           <C>                <C>
ASSETS
Cash and due from banks                                                          $52,479             50,977
Federal funds sold                                                               263,000            149,000
  Total cash and cash equivalents                                                315,479            199,977
Trading securities                                                                    --              2,106
Securities available for sale
  (approximate market value $248,059 at December 31, 1993)                       117,458            240,716
Investment securities (approximate market value $334,455 and
  $431,298 at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively)                          347,858            416,806
Loans                                                                          1,154,601          1,063,006
  Less: Unearned income                                                            1,969              2,358
   Allowance for loan losses                                                      38,851             34,087
      Net loans                                                                1,113,781          1,026,561
Bank premises and equipment                                                       23,877             24,893
Real estate owned                                                                 14,237             19,226
Other assets                                                                      42,987             41,013
      Total assets                                                            $1,975,677          1,971,298

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Deposits:
  Demand                                                                         $93,496             96,034
  Regular savings and NOW accounts                                               911,629            970,407
  Money market deposit accounts                                                   92,965            110,630
  Certificates of deposit (in denominations of $100,000 or more)                  62,511             42,358
  Other time accounts                                                            629,230            574,803
      Total deposits                                                           1,789,831          1,794,232
Short-term borrowings                                                             12,713             18,323
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                            30,300             26,113
Long-term debt                                                                     3,550              2,750
      Total liabilities                                                        1,836,394          1,841,418
Commitments and contingencies
Shareholders' equity:
  Capital stock; $1 par value. Shares authorized 25,000,000;
    15,018,448 and 13,588,044 shares issued at December 31, 1994
    and 1993, respectively                                                        15,018             13,588
  Surplus                                                                        118,352             91,955
  Undivided profits                                                                6,948             25,331
  Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale                               (41)                --
  Treasury stock; 401,022 and 364,566 shares, at cost, at
    December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively                                        (994)              (994)
      Total shareholders' equity                                                 139,283            129,880
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                              $1,975,677          1,971,298

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
(dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Three Years Ended December 31, 1994
                                                                                                                 Net
                                                                                                          Unrealized
                                                                                                             Loss on
                                                                                                          Securities
                                                         Capital                        Undivided          Available    Treasury
                                                           Stock         Surplus          Profits           For Sale       Stock
<S>                                                      <C>             <C>            <C>               <C>           <C>
Beginning balance, January 1, 1992                        $5,378          98,749            7,999                 --      (1,023)
Net income-1992                                               --              --           17,503                 --          --
Cash dividend declared, $.62 per share                        --              --          (8,936)                 --          --
Stock options exercised, 38,621 shares                        39             720               --                 --          --
5 for 4 stock split (1,354,223 shares)                     1,354         (1,354)               --                 --          --
Ending balance, December 31, 1992                          6,771          98,115           16,566                 --      (1,023)
Net income-1993                                               --              --           20,325                 --          --
Cash dividend declared, $.80 per share                        --              --         (11,560)                 --          --
Stock options exercised, 23,919 share                         24             444               --                 --          --
Sale of 5,300 treasury shares to benefit plans                --             189               --                 --          29
2 for 1 stock split (6,793,022 shares)                     6,793         (6,793)               --                 --          --
Ending balance, December 31, 1993                         13,588          91,955           25,331                 --        (994)
Net income-1994                                               --              --           22,888                 --          --
Cash dividend declared, $.98 per share                        --              --         (14,310)                 --          --
Stock options exercised, 65,282 shares                        65             801               --                 --          --
10% stock dividend 1,365,122 shares                        1,365          25,596         (26,961)                 --          --
Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale          --              --               --               (41)          --
Ending balance, December 31, 1994                        $15,018         118,352            6,948               (41)        (994)

Per share data adjusted for a 10% stock dividend in October 1994, a 2 for 1
stock split in November 1993, and a 5 for 4 stock split in November 1992.

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                                                        1994              1993              1992
<S>                                                                               <C>                <C>               <C>
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income before change in accounting principle                                  $ 22,888            23,620            17,503
  Change in accounting principle                                                          --           (3,295)                --
Net income                                                                            22,888            20,325            17,503
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in)/provided by
  operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                                      2,749             2,373             2,245
    Provision for loan losses                                                          8,056            11,576            12,693
    Amortization of goodwill                                                              --                --               880
    Provision for deferred tax expense (benefit)                                      (2,981)               46            (4,364)
    Net (gain) loss on sale of securities                                              8,877            (6,239)           (2,939)
    Purchase of trading securities                                                        --            (1,940)               --
    (Increase) decrease in taxes receivable                                           (1,003)           (1,505)            4,066
    Decrease in interest receivable                                                      488             3,345             1,939
    Increase (decrease) in interest payable                                              318            (4,881)             (985)
    (Increase) decrease in other assets                                                1,551            (9,066)            6,244
    Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses                                            3,154             3,354            (7,010)
      Total adjustments                                                               21,209            (2,937)           12,769
      Net cash provided by operating activities                                       44,097            17,388            30,272
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale                             1,015,688            99,475                --
  Proceeds from maturities of securities available for sale                           42,558                --                --
  Purchase of securities available for sale                                         (770,617)         (153,596)               --
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities                                            --             1,877           107,639
  Proceeds from maturities of investment securities                                   80,717           229,288           299,559
  Purchase of investment securities                                                 (182,981)         (159,540)         (500,144)
  Net increase in loans                                                              (99,396)          (37,769)          (19,506)
  Proceeds from sales of real estate owned                                             9,109             6,091             3,127
  Capital expenditures                                                                (1,733)           (2,210)           (4,415)
  Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                 93,345           (16,384)         (113,740)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net increase (decrease) in deposits                                                 (4,401)           22,926           203,226
  Net decrease in short-term borrowing                                                (5,610)           (2,526)          (18,098)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                             --            (5,000)               --
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                                               800             2,750                --
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                                                 866               468               759
  Proceeds from sale of treasury stock                                                    --               218                --
  Dividends paid                                                                     (13,595)          (10,888)           (8,394)
  Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                (21,940)            7,948           177,493
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            115,502             8,952            94,025
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                       199,977           191,025            97,000
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                           $ 315,479           199,977           191,025
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Interest paid                                                                       $ 60,380            66,500            77,386
Income taxes paid                                                                     16,624             8,554             5,873
Reclassification of investment securities to securities available for
  sale upon adoption of Statement 115                                                398,454                --                --
Transfer of investment securities to/(from) securities available for sale           (213,199)           60,055           120,675
Transfer of loans to real estate owned                                                 4,120             1,254            11,563
Increase in dividends payable                                                            715               672               542
Reclassification of trading securities to securities available for sale upon
  adoption of Statement 115                                                            2,106                --                --
Unrealized gain on securities available for sale on January 1, 1994                   14,037                --                --

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accounting and financial reporting policies of TrustCo Bank Corp NY
(Company or TrustCo) and Trustco Bank, National Association (Bank or Trustco)
conform to general practices within the banking industry and are in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A description of
the more significant policies follows. The Bank has converted to a national
banking association from the previous charter as a state banking association.
Upon conversion, the Bank changed its name to TRUSTCO BANK, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION. The conversion was finalized during the first quarter of 1995
and will have no effect on the Bank's operations.

Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the
accounts of the subsidiaries  after elimination of all significant
intercompany accounts and transactions.

Securities Available for Sale

Securities available for sale are carried at market value (for 1994)
and lower of cost or market (for 1993) with any unrealized appreciation or
depreciation of value, net of tax, (for 1994) included as an element of the
capital accounts. Management maintains an available for sale portfolio in
order to provide maximum flexibility in future balance sheet management. The
designation of available for sale is made at the time of purchase based upon
management's intent to hold the securities for an indefinite period of time.
These securities, however, would be available for sale in response to changes
in market interest rates, related changes  in liquidity needs or changes in
the availability of and yield on alternative investments. Unrealized losses
on securities that reflect a decline in value which is other than temporary,
if any, are charged to income. Nonmarketable equity securities (principally
stock of the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank) are included
in securities available for sale at cost since there is no readily available
market value.

Gains and losses on the sale of securities available for sale are based
on the amortized cost of the specific security sold.

Investment Securities

Securities classified as investment securities are held to maturity to
meet longer term investment objectives, including yield and liquidity
purposes. At the time of purchase, securities are identified as held for
investment based upon the Company's intention and ability to hold the
securities to maturity. Investment securities are carried at cost, adjusted
for amortization of premium and accretion of discounts on a method that
equates to the level yield. Unrealized losses on securities that reflect a
decline in value which is other than temporary, if any, are charged to income.

Loans

Loans are carried at the principal amount outstanding net of unearned
income and unamortized loan fees and costs, which are amortized into income
over the applicable loan period.

Non-performing loans include non-accrual loans, restructured loans and
loans which are 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest.
Generally, loans are placed on non-accrual status, either due to the
delinquency status of principal and/or interest payments, or a judgment by
management that, although payments of principal and/or interest are current
such action is prudent. Future payments received on non-performing loans are
recorded as interest income or principal reductions based upon management's
ultimate expectation for collections.

Allowance for Loan Losses

An allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered
adequate by management to provide for potential loan losses based on analysis
of the credit risk of the loan portfolio including a review of past loan
experience, current economic conditions and  the underlying collateral value.
The allowance is increased by provisions charged against income  and reduced
by net charge-offs.

In addition, various regulatory agencies as an integral part of their
examination process, periodically review the Company's allowance for loan
losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize additions to the
allowances based on their judgments of information available to them at the
time of their examination.

Bank Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
and amortization computed on either the straightline or accelerated methods
over the remaining useful lives of the assets.

Real Estate Owned

Real estate owned includes assets received from foreclosures and
in-substance foreclosures. A loan is considered an in-substance foreclosure
when little or no equity of the borrower is present in the underlying
collateral, considering the current fair value of the  collateral; proceeds
for repayment of the loan can be expected to come only from the operation or
sale of the collateral; control of the collateral is effectively abandoned,
or because of the current financial condition it is doubtful that equity will
be rebuilt or the loan repaid in the foreseeable future.

Foreclosed assets, including in-substance foreclosures, held for sale
are recorded on an individual basis at the lower of (1) fair value minus
estimated costs  to sell or (2) "cost" (defined as the fair value at initial
foreclosure). When a property is acquired or identified as in-substance
foreclosure, the excess of the loan  balance over fair value is charged to
the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent write downs are included in other
noninterest expense.

Income Taxes

Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes" and has chosen not to restate prior year financial  statements. Under
the asset and liability method of Statement 109, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and
tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
Under Statement 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date.

Dividend Restrictions

Banking regulations restrict the amount of cash dividends which may be
paid during a year by the Bank to the Parent Company without the written
consent of the appropriate bank regulatory agency. Based on these
restrictions, the Bank could pay $29.8 million plus 1995 net profits. For all
practical purposes, TrustCo could not declare dividends to shareholders
materially in excess of the aggregate amount of dividends that could be paid
by the Bank.

Pension Plan

The Company has a defined benefit pension plan covering substantially
all of its employees. The benefits are based on years of service and the
employee's compensation. The cost of this program is being funded currently.

Reclassification of Prior Year Statements

It is the Company's policy to reclassify prior year financial statements
to conform to the current year presentation.


(2) Balances at Other Banks

The Bank is required to maintain certain reserves of vault cash and/or
deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank. The amount of this reserve
requirement, included in cash and due from banks, was approximately
$14,576,000 and $15,986,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

(3) Securities Available for Sale

The amortized cost and approximate market value of the securities
available for sale are as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                        At December 31, 1994

                                                                                Gross                 Gross   Approximate
                                                      Amortized            Unrealized            Unrealized        Market
                                                           Cost                 Gains                Losses         Value
<S>                                                   <C>                  <C>                   <C>          <C>
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                           $102,947                    32                    60       102,919
Other                                                    14,581                    --                    42        14,539
Total securities available for sale                    $117,528                    32                   102       117,458
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                        At December 31, 1993
                                                                                    Gross                   Gross      Approximate
                                                           Amortized           Unrealized              Unrealized           Market
                                                                Cost                Gains                  Losses            Value
<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>                     <C>             <C>
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                                $230,563                7,289                   1,381          236,471
Other                                                         10,153                1,435                      --           11,588
Total securities available for sale                         $240,716                8,724                   1,381          248,059
</TABLE>

The anticipated maturity schedule of amortized cost and market value of
securities available for sale at December 31, 1994, follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                     Amortized                    Market
                                                                                          Cost                     Value
<S>                                                                                  <C>                     <C>
Due in one year or less                                                               $000,275                       276
Due after one year through five years                                                  102,697                   102,668
Due after five years through ten years                                                     650                       650
Due after ten years                                                                     13,906                    13,864
                                                                                      $117,528                   117,458
</TABLE>

Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale during 1994 and 1993
were approximately $1,015,688,000, and $99,475,000, respectively. During 1992
there were no sales of securities available for sale.

The gross realized gains on sales of securities available for sale in 1994
and 1993 were approximately $5,799,000 and $5,867,000, respectively.

Gross realized losses on the sales of securities available for sale in 1994
and 1993 were $14,682,000 and $2,000, respectively.

The amortized cost of securities available for sale that have been
pledged to secure public deposits  and for other purposes required by law
amounted to $44,430,000, and $41,219,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

(4) Investment Securities

The book value and approximate market value of the investment
securities are as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
At December 31, 1994
                                                                            Gross                 Gross            Approximate
                                                         Book          Unrealized            Unrealized                 Market
                                                        Value               Gains                Losses                  Value
<S>                                                  <C>               <C>                   <C>                   <C>
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                         $145,542                 376                 4,801                141,117
States and political subdivisions                      44,222                 125                   520                 43,827
Mortgage-backed securities                            143,082                 280                 8,460                134,902
Other                                                  15,012                  --                   403                 14,609
Total investment securities                          $347,858                 781                14,184                334,455
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
At December 31, 1993
                                                                            Gross                 Gross            Approximate
                                                         Book          Unrealized            Unrealized                 Market
                                                        Value               Gains                Losses                  Value
<S>                                                  <C>               <C>                   <C>                   <C>
U.S. Treasuries and agencies                         $228,157               8,851                    --                237,008
States and political subdivisions                      23,017                 458                     4                 23,471
Mortgage-backed securities                            138,376               4,524                   781                142,119
Other                                                  27,256               1,465                    21                 28,700
Total investment securities                          $416,806              15,298                   806                431,298
</TABLE>

The anticipated maturity schedule of book values and market values of
investment securities at December 31, 1994 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                          Book                 Market
                                                                                         Value                  Value
<S>                                                                                   <C>                 <C>
Due in one year or less                                                               $ 12,458                 12,462
Due after one year through five years                                                   48,797                 47,378
Due after five years through ten years                                                 162,659                153,915
Due after ten years                                                                    123,944                120,700
                                                                                      $347,858                334,455
</TABLE>

The maturity of mortgage-backed securities is based on the security's average
life. There were no sales of investment
securities during 1994. Proceeds from sales of investment securities during
1993 and 1992 were $1,877,000 and $107,639,000,
respectively. Gross realized gains on sales of equity instruments in 1993
were approximately $229,000.The gross realized gains on
sales and calls of investment securities in 1992 were $3,346,000. Gross
realized losses on sales of equity instruments in 1993
were approximately $21,000. Gross realized losses on the sales and calls of
debt instruments for 1992 were $407,000.

The book value of investment securities pledged to secure public deposits and
for other purposes required by law amounted
to $135,050,000, and $85,634,000 at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and
Equity Securities" as of January 1, 1994. The Company classified certain of
the investment securities as being available for sale
and reclassified these balances to a separate line on the consolidated
statement of condition. Securities included in the available for sale
category may be sold in response to changes in market interest rates and
related changes in a security's prepayment risk, needs for liquidity, changes
in the availability of and the yield on alternative investments or changes in
funding sources and terms. These securities are recorded at market value with
any net unrealized gains (losses) shown as a component of shareholders'
equity.

In addition, the Company has identified a portfolio of investment
securities which are being held to maturity. In accordance with Statement 115
these securities cannot be sold except in very limited circumstances as
described in the Statement.

(5) Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses

<TABLE>
A summary of loans by category is as follows:
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                               At December 31,
                                                                          1994              1993
<S>                                                                <C>                <C>
Commercial                                                            $230,063           218,669
Real estate
  Construction                                                          12,935            14,172
  Residential mortgage loans                                           668,604           596,935
  Home equity line of credit                                           207,313           202,018
  Installment loans                                                     35,686            31,212
Total loans                                                          1,154,601         1,063,006
Less: Unearned income                                                    1,969             2,358
      Allowance for loan losses                                         38,851            34,087
Net loans                                                           $1,113,781         1,026,561
</TABLE>

At December 31, 1994 and 1993, loans to executive officers, directors
and to associates of such persons aggregated $7,641,000 and $11,163,000,
respectively. During 1994, new loans of $4,638,000 were made and repayments
of loans totalled $8,160,000. In the opinion of management, such loans were
made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms,
including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for
comparable transactions. These loans do not involve more than normal risk of
collectibility or present other unfavorable features.

TrustCo primarily lends in the Capital District region of New York
State and in the geographic territory surrounding its borders. Although the
loan portfolio is diversified, a substantial portion of its debtors ability
to repay is dependent upon the economic conditions existing in New York
State.

The following table sets forth the information with regard to
non-performing loans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                At December 31,
                                                                      1994          1993         1992
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>          <C>
Loans on non-accrual status                                         $1,058            24          970
Loans contractually past due 90 days or more and still
    accruing interest                                                  803         1,853        6,438
Restructured loans                                                     910            --           --
Total non-performing loans                                          $2,771         1,877        7,408
</TABLE>

Interest on non-accrual and restructured loans of $222 thousand, $1
thousand and $79 thousand, would have been earned in accordance with the
original contractual terms of the loans in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Approximately $35 thousand, $1 thousand and $61 thousand of interest on
non-accrual and restructured loans was collected and recognized as income in
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. There are no commitments to extend further
credit on non-accrual or restructured loans.

Transactions in the allowance for loan losses accounts are summarized
as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                    For the years ended December 31,
                                                                  1994           1993            1992
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>             <C>
Balance at beginning of year                                   $34,087         26,919          19,049
Provision for loan losses                                        8,056         11,576          12,693
Loans charged off                                              (4,824)        (6,741)         (5,997)
Recoveries on loans previously charged off                       1,532          2,333           1,174
Balance at year end                                            $38,851         34,087          26,919
</TABLE>

On May 31, 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors
for Impairment of a Loan." Statement 114, which is effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994,
prescribes recognition criteria for loan impairment and measurement methods
for certain impaired loans and loans whose terms are modified in troubled-debt
restructurings. Statement 114 will be adopted effective January 1, 1995. At
that time, a significant amount of the assets currently identified as in-
substance foreclosures will be reclassified to loans, and, for the most part,
included in the category of impaired loans. Other than this reclassification
of the balances  of in-substance foreclosure loans, the adoption of Statement
114 is not anticipated to have a material impact on the results of operations
of the Company.

There are $8.4 million and $11.4 million of loans pledged for various
purposes at December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

(6) Bank Premises and Equipment

A summary of premises and equipment at December 31, 1994 and 1993 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                        1994           1993
<S>                                                                                <C>            <C>
Land                                                                                $3,958          4,268
Buildings                                                                           22,155         21,361
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                   15,466         14,849
Leasehold improvements                                                               2,936          2,783
                                                                                    44,515         43,261
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                          (20,638)       (18,368)
Total                                                                              $23,877         24,893
</TABLE>

Depreciation and amortization expense approximated $2,749,000,
$2,373,000 and $2,245,000  for the years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Occupancy expense of Bank premises included rental expense of $1,053,000,
$1,388,000 and $1,430,000 for the years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

(7) Short-term Borrowings

Short-term borrowings, consisting primarily of Securities sold under
agreements to repurchase with maturities of generally less than ninety days,
was  as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(dollars in thousands)                                                     1994           1993
<S>                                                                     <C>             <C>
Amount outstanding at December 31                                       $12,713         18,323
Maximum amount outstanding at any month end                              21,746         20,405
Average amount outstanding                                               18,129         17,447
Weighted average interest rate:
  For the year                                                            2.54%           2.18
  As of year-end                                                           3.36           2.11
</TABLE>

The Company has available $202.3 million of unused lines of credit at
December 31, 1994.

(8) Income Taxes

A summary of income tax expense (benefit) included in the consolidated
statements of income follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                       For the years ended December 31,
                                                                   1994          1993             1992
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>              <C>
Current tax expense:
  Federal                                                       $12,412        10,372           11,103
  State                                                           3,209         2,098            2,586
Total current tax expense                                        15,621        12,470           13,689
Deferred expense (benefit)                                       (2,981)           46           (4,364)
Total consolidated provision for income taxes                   $12,640        12,516            9,325
</TABLE>

Prior to 1993, the Company accounted for income taxes under APB11.
Under APB 11, deferred tax expense (benefit) resulted from timing differences
in the recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement
purposes. Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement 109. The
effect of adoption was not material to the financial statements.

The sources of these differences and the tax effect for 1992 follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                   1992
<S>                                                                                           <C>
Provision for loan losses more than amount
  deducted for tax purposes                                                                   $(3,213)
Depreciation expense less than amount deducted
  for tax purposes                                                                                  2
Other expense not utilized for tax purposes                                                      (102)
Financial statement interest income greater
  than taxable interest income                                                                    191
Financial statement interest expense greater
  than taxable interest expense                                                                  (186)
Bond accretion and security gains/losses
  currently reportable for tax purposes                                                        (1,056)
    Total deferred tax benefit                                                                $(4,364)
</TABLE>

      The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December
31, 1994 and 1993 is presented below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)
                                                                                 December 31, 1994
                                                                           Deductible             Taxable
                                                                            temporary           temporary
                                                                          differences         differences
<S>                                                                       <C>                 <C>
Bond accounting                                                               $   107                  --
Benefits and deferred remuneration                                              2,326                  --
Deferred loan fees, net                                                         1,391                  --
Difference in reporting the provision for loan losses, net                     18,301                  --
Other income or expense not utilized for tax purposes                           2,174                  --
Other items                                                                     1,042                  --
  Total                                                                        25,341                  --
Valuation reserve                                                             (4,706)                  --
Total after valuation reserve                                                  20,635                  --
Net deferred tax asset at December 31,1994                                     20,635
Net deferred tax asset at December 31,1993                                     17,654
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for 1994                                      $ (2,981)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                             December 31, 1993
                                                                           Deductible             Taxable
                                                                            temporary           temporary
                                                                          differences         differences
<S>                                                                       <C>                 <C>
Bond accounting                                                               $    --                 126
Benefits and deferred remuneration                                              1,883                  --
Deferred loan fees, net                                                         1,992                  --
Difference in reporting the provision for loan losses, net                     17,039                  --
Other income or expense not utilized for tax purposes                           1,966                  --
Other items                                                                       838                  --
  Total                                                                        23,718                 126
Valuation reserve                                                             (5,938)                  --
Total after valuation reserve                                                  17,780                 126
Net deferred tax asset at December 31, 1993                                    17,654
Net deferred tax asset at January 1, 1993                                      17,700
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for 1993                                        $   46
</TABLE>

The valuation allowance as established by management takes into
consideration the historical level of  taxable income in the prior years as
well as the time period that the items giving rise to the deferred tax assets
turn around.

The effective tax rates differ from the statutory federal income tax
rate. The reasons for these differences are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               1994       1993    1992
<S>                                                                            <C>        <C>     <C>
Statutory federal income tax rate                                              35.0%      35.0    34.0
Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:
  Tax exempt income                                                            (1.9)      (2.2)   (3.9)
  State income tax, net of federal tax benefit                                  4.9        4.0     3.6
  Goodwill amortization                                                          --         --     1.1
  Effect of (increase) decrease in tax rate on deferred tax benefit             1.1       (1.4)     --
  Reduction in valuation reserve                                               (3.5)        --      --
  Other items                                                                    --       (0.8)     --
Effective income tax rate                                                       35.6%     34.6    34.8
</TABLE>

In addition to the deferred tax asset described in the preceding table,
the Company also has a deferred tax asset of $29,000 relating to the
unrealized loss on securities available for sale.

(9) Employee Benefits

The Company maintains a trusteed non-contributory pension plan covering
employees that have completed one year of employment and 1,000 hours. The
benefits are based on the sum of (a) a benefit equal to a prior service
benefit plus the average of the employees' highest five consecutive years
compensation in the ten years preceding retirement multiplied by a percentage
of service after a specified date plus (b) a benefit based upon career
average compensation. The amounts contributed to the plan are determined
annually on the basis of (a) the maximum amount that can be deducted for
federal income tax purposes or (b) the amount certified by a consulting
actuary as necessary to avoid an accumulated funding deficiency as defined by
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Contributions are
intended to provide not only for benefits attributed to service to date but
also for those expected to be earned in the future. Assets of the plan are
primarily invested in common stock and fixed income common funds administered
by the Bank. The following table sets forth the plans' funded status and
amounts recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of condition at
December 31, 1994 and 1993:

<TABLE>
Actuarial Present Value of Benefit Obligations:
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                      1994              1993
<S>                                                                                            <C>               <C>
Accumulated benefit obligation, including vested benefits of $12,768 and
  $12,409 in 1994 and 1993, respectively                                                       $(12,946)          (12,555)
Projected benefit obligation for service rendered to date                                       (14,093)          (13,570)
Plan assets at fair value                                                                         18,575            19,554
Plan assets in excess of projected benefit obligation                                              4,482             5,984
Unrecognized net gain from past experience different from that assumed and effects
  of changes in assumptions                                                                      (1,825)           (3,420)
Unrecognized prior service cost                                                                    (511)             (395)
Unrecognized net asset at transition being recognized over 15 years                                (884)           (1,032)
Prepaid pension expense                                                                        $   1,262             1,137
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Net Pension Benefit for 1994, 1993 and 1992 Included the Following Components:

<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                           1994              1993             1992
<S>                                                                 <C>                 <C>              <C>
Service cost-benefits earned during the period                       $    518               501              529
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation                             874               811              808
Actual return on plan assets                                             (39)           (1,064)            (573)
Net amortization and deferral                                         (1,478)             (500)          (1,221)
Net periodic pension benefit                                         $  (125)             (252)            (457)
</TABLE>

The actuarial assumptions used in determining the actuarial present
value of projected benefit obligations and the net pension costs were as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1994           1993          1992
<S>                                                                      <C>            <C>           <C>
Weighted average discount rate                                           6.75%          6.75          7.50
Rate of increase in future compensation                                  5.00           5.00          6.00
Expected long-term rate of return on assets                              6.50           6.50          7.00
</TABLE>

The Company also has an unfunded defined  contribution supplementary
pension plan under which additional retirement benefits are accrued for
eligible senior and executive officers. The expense recorded for this plan
was $1,780,000, $489,000 and $392,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

The Company provides a profit-sharing plan for substantially all
employees. The expense of this plan, which is based on management discretion
as defined in the plan, amounted to $1,230,000, in 1994, $1,470,000 in 1993,
and $1,344,000 in 1992.

The Company also has an executive incentive plan. The expense of this plan
is based on the Bank's performance and estimated distributions to
participants are accrued during the year and generally paid in the following
year. The expense recorded for this plan was $1,291,000, $419,000 and
$393,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992 respectively.

Under the terms of the Company's Stock Option Plan the following table
presents a summary of activity with respect to this plan:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Outstanding                        Exercisable
                                                                            options                             options
                                                                            Average                             Average
                                                                             option                              option
                                                          Shares              price            Shares             price
<S>                                                    <C>               <C>                <C>             <C>
Balance, January 1, 1992                                 598,924             $ 9.68           306,994           $  7.65
New options awarded-1992                                 276,510              13.14            55,302             13.14
Cancelled options-1992                                    52,250              12.03                --                --
Exercised options-1992                                   106,207               7.14           106,207              7.14
Options became exercisable                                    --                 --            63,296              7.65
Balance, December 31, 1992                               716,977              11.22           319,385              9.60
New options awarded-1993                                 308,000              18.35            61,600             18.35
Cancelled options-1993                                        --                 --                --                --
Exercised options-1993                                    48,569               8.87            48,569              8.87
Options became exercisable                                    --                 --           114,784              9.60
Balance, December 31, 1993                               976,408              12.35           447,200             11.61
New options awarded-1994                                 270,050              18.29            54,010             18.29
Cancelled options-1994                                    89,264              17.44             1,100             18.35
Exercised options-1994                                    71,601              12.11            71,601             12.11
Options became exercisable                                    --                 --           161,041             11.61
Balance, December 31, 1994                             1,085,593             $14.54           589,550            $12.81
</TABLE>

Under the terms of the Directors' Stock Option Plan, 110,000 shares are
reserved for director options.  As of December 31, 1994, 34,100 options
remain issued and outstanding with an average exercise  price of $19.83.

In December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting
for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." Statement 106 requires a
calculation of  the present value of expected benefits to be paid to
employees after their retirement and an allocation of those benefits to the
periods that employees render service to earn the benefits. The Company
permits retirees under age 65 to participate in the Company's medical plan by
paying the same premium as the active employees. At age 65, the Bank provides
a Medicare Supplemental Program to retirees.

Since these benefits are currently being provided, the Company adopted
Statement 106 effective January 1, 1993, and has reported the cumulative
effect of that change in the December 31, 1993 Consolidated Statement of
Income.

Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 1994 and 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                          1994              1993
<S>                                                                                   <C>                <C>
Retirees                                                                              $2,850             2,987
Fully eligible active plan participants                                                1,381             1,083
Other active plan participants                                                         2,911             2,140
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                                         $7,142             6,210
Plan assets, at fair value                                                            $6,358             6,618
</TABLE>

Net periodic postretirement benefit cost for 1994 and 1993 includes the
following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                          1994              1993
<S>                                                                                     <C>              <C>
Service cost                                                                            $362               357
Interest cost                                                                            462               389
Return on plan assets                                                                   (429)             (279)
Transition obligation                                                                     --             5,260
Net period postretirement benefit cost                                                  $395             5,727
</TABLE>

Expense for 1993 related to the transition obligation was $5.3 million,
with an after-tax cost of $3.3 million. Periodic benefit cost amounted to
$467 thousand for 1993. The Company funded the plan in full through the use
of a benefit trust during the first quarter of 1993. As a result, periodic
benefit costs in future years are expected to decrease. Assets of the plan
are primarily invested in common stock and fixed income common funds
administered by the Bank.

The trust holding the plan assets is subject to federal income taxes at
a 35.0 percent tax rate. The expected long term rate of return on plan
assets, after estimated income taxes was 4.2 percent and 3.3 percent for the
years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

For measurement purposes, a 12 percent annual rate of increase in the
per capita cost of covered benefits (i.e., health care cost trend rate) was
assumed for 1994; the rate was assumed to decrease gradually  to 5.75 percent
by the year 2002 and remain at that level thereafter.

The health care cost trend rate assumption has a significant effect on
the amounts reported. To illustrate, increasing the assumed health care cost
trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1994, by
approximately $1.4 million, and the aggregate of the service and the interest
cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit  cost for the year
ended December 31, 1994, by approximately $274 thousand. The weighted-average
discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation was 6.75 percent at December 31, 1994 and 1993.

(10) Lease Commitments and  Contingent Liabilities

(A) LEASES

The Bank leases certain banking premises. These leases are accounted
for as operating leases with minimum rental commitments in the amounts
presented below. The majority of these leases contain options to renew.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>
1995                                                  $  853
1996                                                     888
1997                                                     833
1998                                                     766
1999                                                     704
2000 and after                                         3,139
                                                      $7,183
</TABLE>

(B) LITIGATION

Existing litigation arising in the normal course of business is not
expected to result in any material loss  to the Company.

(11) Off-Balance-Sheet Financing

Loan commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer
as long as there is no violation  of any condition established in the
contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or  other
termination clauses and may require a fee.

Commitments sometimes expire without being drawn upon, therefore the total
commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
These arrangements have credit risk essentially the same as that involved in
extending loans to customers and are subject to the Bank's normal credit
policies including obtaining collateral. The Bank's exposure to credit loss
for loan commitments including unused lines of credit outstanding at December
31, 1994 and 1993 was $217.3 million and $200.9 million, respectively.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the
Bank to guarantee the performance of  a customer to a third party. These
arrangements have credit risk essentially the same as that involved in
extending loans to customers and are subject to the Bank's normal credit
policies including the obtaining of collateral. The Bank's exposure to
credit loss for standby letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 1994
and 1993 was $20.8 million and $21.4 million, respectively. No losses are
anticipated as a result of loan commitments or standby letters of credit.

(12) Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair values shown below represent management's estimates of values
at which the various types of financial instruments could be exchanged in
transactions between willing, unrelated parties. They do not necessarily
represent amounts that would be received or paid in actual trades of specific
financial instruments.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                    As of December 31 , 1994
                                                                              Carrying                  Fair
                                                                                 value                 value
<S>                                                                         <C>                    <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                 $  315,479               315,479
  Securities available for sale                                                117,458               117,458
  Investment securities                                                        347,858               334,455
  Loans                                                                      1,113,781             1,098,637
  Accrued interest receivable                                                   14,690                14,690

Financial liabilities:
  Noninterest-bearing deposits                                                  93,496                93,496
  Interest-bearing deposits                                                  1,696,335             1,696,335
  Borrowings                                                                    16,263                16,263
  Accrued interest payable                                                       1,843                 1,843
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                   As of December 31 , 1993
                                                                              Carrying                  Fair
                                                                                 value                 value
<S>                                                                         <C>                    <C>
Financial assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                 $  199,977               199,977
  Securities available for sale                                                240,716               248,059
  Investment securities                                                        416,806               431,298
  Loans                                                                      1,026,561             1,089,897
  Accrued interest receivable                                                   15,178                15,178

Financial liabilities:
  Noninterest-bearing deposits                                                  96,034                96,034
  Interest-bearing deposits                                                  1,698,198             1,713,732
  Borrowings                                                                    21,073                21,073
  Accrued interest payable                                                       1,525                 1,525
</TABLE>

The specific estimation methods and assumptions used can have a
substantial impact on the resulting fair values ascribed to financial
instruments. Following is a brief summary of the significant methods and
assumptions used in the above table:

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The carrying values of these financial instruments approximates fair
values.

Securities

Fair values for all securities portfolios are based upon quoted market
prices, where available. The carrying value of certain local, unrated
municipal obligations was used as an approximation of fair value.

Loans

The fair values of all loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses with discount rates equal to the interest rates currently being
offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality.

Deposit Liabilities

The fair values disclosed for noninterest-bearing deposits, NOW
accounts, savings accounts and money market accounts are, by definition,
equal to the amount payable on demand at the balance sheet date. The carrying
value of all variable rate certificates of deposit is assumed to approximate
fair value. The fair value of all other fixed rate certificates of deposit
are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses with discount rates equal
to the interest rates currently being offered on certificates of similar size
and remaining maturity. At December 31, 1994, the fair value of fixed rate
certificates of deposit are assumed to equal carrying value due to the
interest rate environment at year-end 1994.

Borrowings and Other Financial Instruments

The fair value of all borrowings and other financial instruments is
assumed to be the carrying value.

Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk

The Company is a party to financial instruments  with off-balance sheet
risk. Such financial instruments consist of commitments to extend financing
and letters of credit. If the commitments are exercised by the prospective
borrowers, these financial instruments will become interest-earning assets of
the Company. If the commitments expire, the Company retains any fees paid by
the prospective borrower. The fair value of commitments is estimated based
upon fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into
consideration the remaining terms of the agreements and the present
credit-worthiness of the borrower. For fixed rate commitments, the fair value
estimation takes into consideration an interest rate risk factor. The fair
value of these off-balance sheet items at December 31, 1994 and 1993
approximates the recorded amounts of the related fees, which are considered
to be immaterial.

The Company has no derivative investment  products at year-end 1994 and
1993, nor has the Company ever invested in such investment vehicles.
Therefore, the disclosures as required by Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 119 "Disclosures about Derivative Financial Instruments and
Fair Value of Financial Instruments" is not presented except as  it relates
to fair value disclosures in this footnote.

(13) Parent Company Only

The following statements pertain to TrustCo Bank Corp NY (Parent Company):

<TABLE>
Statements of Income
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)
                                                                                 Years Ended December 31,
                                                                           1994            1993              1992
<S>                                                                    <C>               <C>              <C>
Income:
  Dividends and interest
     from subsidiaries                                                  $14,820          11,061            11,067
  Gain on sale of securities                                                133             374                --
  Income from other investments                                              66              72                43
      Total income                                                       15,019          11,507            11,110
Expense:
  Interest on long-term debt                                                 --             343               470
  Operating supplies                                                        129             129               151
  Professional services                                                     145             128               187
  Miscellaneous expense                                                      48              33                14
       Total expense                                                        322             633               822
Income before income
  taxes and undistributed
  net income of subsidiaries                                             14,697          10,874            10,288
Income tax expense (benefit)                                                  1              52              (153)
Income before equity in
  undistributed net
  income of subsidiaries                                                 14,696          10,822            10,441
Equity in undistributed net
  income of subsidiaries                                                  8,192           9,503             7,062
Net income                                                              $22,888          20,325            17,503
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Statements of Condition
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                           1994              1993
<S>                                                                                    <C>                <C>
Assets:
Cash in subsidiary bank                                                                $  8,229             6,425
Trading securities                                                                           --             2,106
Notes and receivables from subsidiaries                                                      --                10
Investments in subsidiaries at equity                                                   132,300           124,124
Securities available for sale                                                             2,300                37
Other receivables .                                                                         126               101
Bank premises and equipment                                                                 389               389
      Total assets                                                                     $143,344           133,192
Liabilities and shareholders' equity:
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                                 $  4,061             3,312
      Total liabilities                                                                   4,061             3,312
Shareholders' equity                                                                    139,283           129,880
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                       $143,344           133,192
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Statements of Cash Flows
<CAPTION>
(in thousands)
For the Years Ended December 31,                                    1994            1993           1992
<S>                                                             <C>             <C>            <C>
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents:

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                                      $ 22,888          20,325         17,503

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
  provided by operating activities:
    Undistributed income of subsidiaries                          (8,192)         (9,503)        (7,062)
    Decrease in receivable from subsidiary                            --              54             --
    Gain on sales of securities                                     (133)           (374)            --
    Decrease in taxes and other receivables                            1              53            437
    Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses                           34            (120)          (136)
      Total adjustments                                           (8,290)         (9,890)        (6,761)
Net cash provided by operating activities                         14,598          10,435         10,742
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from sales or maturities of investment securities          --           1,877             --
  Proceeds from sale of securities available for sale              1,603              --             --
  Purchase of trading securities                                      --          (1,940)            --
  Purchase of investment securities                               (1,668)             (8)           (48)
  Net decrease in short term loaned funds to subsidiary               --           2,500             --
  Increase in investment in subsidiary                                --              (1)            --
    Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities              (65)           2,428           (48)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Repayment of long-term debt                                         --           (5,000)           --
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                             866              468           759
  Dividends paid                                                 (13,595)         (10,888)       (8,394)
  Sales of treasury stock                                             --              218            --
    Net cash used in financing activities                        (12,729)         (15,202)       (7,635)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents               1,804           (2,339)        3,059
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                     6,425            8,764         5,705
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                        $  8,229            6,425         8,764
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
  Increase in dividends payable                                 $    715              672           542
  Reclassification of trading securities to securities
    available for sale upon adoption of Statement 115              2,106               --            --
  Net unrealized loss on securities
    available for sale at year end                                    41               --            --
</TABLE>


TrustCo Bank Corp NY
Officers and Board of Directors

Officers

PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Robert A. McCormick

VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Robert T. Cushing

VICE PRESIDENT
Nancy A. McNamara

SECRETARY
William F. Terry

Board of Directors

Barton A. Andreoli
President
Towne Construction and Paving Co.

Lionel O. Barthold
Vice-Chairman, Power Technologies, Inc.
(Consulting Engineers)

M. Norman Brickman
President, D. Brickman, Inc.
(Wholesale Fruit and Produce)

Charles W. Carl, Jr.
Retired, Former President, The Carl Company
(Department Store)

Robert A. McCormick
President and Chief Executive Officer
Trustco Bank

Nancy A. McNamara
Senior Vice President
Trustco Bank

Dr. John S. Morris
President Emeritus, Union College and Former
Chancellor, Union University

James H. Murphy, D.D.S.
Orthodontist

Richard J. Murray, Jr.
President, R.J. Murray Co., Inc.
(Air Conditioning Distributors)

Kenneth C. Petersen
President
Schenectady International, Inc.

William J. Purdy
President
Welbourne & Purdy Realty, Inc.

William F. Terry
Senior Vice President and Secretary
Trustco Bank

Philip J. Thompson
Retired, Former Vice President, and Director
New York Telephone

Directors of TrustCo Bank Corp NY are also Directors of Trustco Bank

HONORARY DIRECTORS
Donald E. Craig
Dr. Caryl P. Haskins
Bernard J. King
H. Gladstone McKeon
William H. Milton, III
Daniel J. Rourke, M.D.
Anthony M. Salerno
Edwin O. Salisbury
Harry E. Whittingham, Jr.
Henry D. Wright

Trustco Bank Officers

PRESIDENT AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Robert A. McCormick

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Robert T. Cushing

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
Nancy A. McNamara

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
Ralph A. Pidgeon

SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
AND SECRETARY
William F. Terry

AUDITOR
John C. Fay

ACCOUNTING/FINANCE,
DATA PROCESSING,
GENERAL SERVICES
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
Robert T. Cushing

ACCOUNTING/FINANCE
Administrative Vice President
Linda C. Christensen

DATA PROCESSING
Administrative Vice President
William H. Milton

Senior Information Services Officer
Daneille M. Eddy

GENERAL SERVICES
Administrative Vice President
Peter A. Zakriski

HUMAN RESOURCES,
LEGAL COUNSEL, LOAN
DIVISION, MANAGEMENT
INFORMATION SERVICES,
QUALITY CONTROL
Senior Vice President
Nancy A. McNamara

HUMAN RESOURCES,
MANAGEMENT
INFORMATION SERVICES,
QUALITY CONTROL
Vice President
Ann M. Noble

Management Information Officer
Lynn D. Hackler

LEGAL COUNSEL
Vice President
Henry C. Collins

Vice President
George W. Wickswat

LOAN DIVISION

COMMERCIAL LOANS
Administrative Vice President
Donald J. Csaposs

Senior Commercial Loan Officer
John H. Cunningham

Commercial Loan Officers
Timothy C. Larson
Richard G. Roberts

MORTGAGE LOANS
Senior Mortgage Officer
Elinore J. Vine

BRANCHES, INSTALLMENT
LOANS/CREDIT CARDS,
RETIREMENT/GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTS
Senior Vice President
Ralph A. Pidgeon

BRANCH OFFICERS
Richard E. Bailey
Thomas H. Lauster

INSTALLMENT LOANS/CREDIT CARDS
Senior Installment Loan
Officer
Thomas M. Poitras

BANK OPERATIONS,
MARKETING/COMMUNITY
RELATIONS, TRUST DEPARTMENT
Senior Vice President
William F. Terry

BANK OPERATIONS
Administrative Vice President
James D. McLoughlin

MARKETING/COMMUNITY
RELATIONS
Vice President
Madeline S. Busch

TRUST DEPARTMENT
Administrative Vice President
Carroll E. Winch

Vice President and
Senior Trust Officer
James Niland

Vice President and
Senior Trust Officer
Matthew G. Waschull

Trust Officer
John P. Fulgan

Investment Officer
Robert Scribner

Branch Locations

Altamont Ave. Office
1400 Altamont Ave.
Schenectady
Telephone: 356-1317

Altamont Ave. West Office
1900 Altamont Ave.
Rotterdam
Telephone: 355-1900

Bay Road Office
292 Bay Road
Queensbury
Telephone: 792-2691

Brandywine Office
State St. at Brandywine Ave.
Schenectady
Telephone: 346-4295

Central Avenue Office
163 Central Ave.
Albany
Telephone: 426-7291

Clifton Park Office
1018 Route 146
Clifton Park
Telephone: 371-8451

Clifton Country Road Office
7 Clifton Country Road
Clifton Park
Telephone: 371-5002

Colonie Office
1892 Central Ave.
Colonie Plaza, Colonie
Telephone: 456-0041

Delmar Office
167 Delaware Ave.
Delmar
Telephone: 439-9941

East Greenbush Office
501 Columbia Turnpike
Rensselaer
Telephone: 479-7233

Glens Falls Office
3 Warren Street
Glens Falls
Telephone: 798-8131

Greenwich Office
131 Main St.
Greenwich
Telephone: 692-2233

Guilderland Office
3900 Carman Road
Schenectady
Telephone: 355-4890

Halfmoon Office
Country Dollar Plaza
Halfmoon
Telephone: 371-0593

Hoosick Falls Office
47 Main St.
Hoosick Falls
Telephone: 686-5352

Hudson Office
507 Warren St.
Hudson
Telephone: 828-9434

Hudson Falls Office
3376 Burgoyne Avenue
Hudson Falls
Telephone: 747-0886

Latham Office
1 Johnson Road
Latham
Telephone: 785-0761

Loudon Plaza Office
372 Northern Blvd.
Albany
Telephone: 462-6668

Madison Avenue Office
1084 Madison Ave.
Albany
Telephone: 489-4711

Main Office
320 State St.
Schenectady
Telephone: 377-3311

Malta Mall
43 Round Lake Road
Ballston Lake
Telephone: 899-1558

Mayfair Office
Saratoga Road at Mayfair
Glenville
Telephone: 399-9121

Mont Pleasant Office
Crane St. at Main Ave.
Schenectady
Telephone: 346-1267

New Scotland Office
301 New Scotland Ave.
Albany
Telephone: 438-7838

Newton Plaza Office
588 New Loudon Road
Latham
Telephone: 786-3687

Niskayuna-Woodlawn Office
3461 State St.
Schenectady
Telephone: 377-2264

Plaza Seven Office
1208 Troy-Schenectady Road
Latham
Telephone: 785-4744

Queensbury Office
33 Quaker Road
Queensbury
Telephone: 798-7226

Rotterdam Office
Curry Road Shopping Ctr.
Rotterdam
Telephone: 355-8330

Rotterdam Square Office
2 Campbell Road
Rotterdam
Telephone: 377-2393

Route 9 Office-Latham
754 New Loudon Rd.
Latham
Telephone: 786-8816

Sheridan Plaza Office
1350 Gerling St.
Schenectady
Telephone: 377-8517

Shoppers' World Office
Old Rte. 146 and Plank Rd.
Clifton Park
Telephone: 383-6851

State Farm Road Office
2050 Western Ave.
Guilderland
Telephone: 452-6913

State Street Office
112 State St.
Albany
Telephone: 436-9043

Stuyvesant Plaza Office
Western Ave. at Fuller Road
Albany
Telephone: 489-2616

Tanners Main Office
345 Main Street
Catskill
Telephone: 943-2500

Tanners West Side Office
238 West Bridge St.
Catskill
Telephone: 943-5090

Troy Office
5th Ave. and State St.
Troy
Telephone: 274-5420

Union Street East Office
1700 Union St.
Schenectady
Telephone: 382-7511

Upper New Scotland Office
583 New Scotland Ave.
Albany
Telephone: 438-6611

Upper Union Street Office
1620 Union St.
Schenectady
Telephone: 374-4056

Wilton Mall Office
Route 50
Saratoga Springs
Telephone: 583-1716

Wolf Road Office
34 Wolf Road
Albany
Telephone: 458-7761

General Information

ANNUAL MEETING
Monday, May 15, 1995
12:00 Noon
Glen Sanders Mansion
One Glen Avenue
Scotia, New York 12302

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
320 State Street
Schenectady, New York 12305
(518-377-3311)

DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN
A Dividend Reinvestment Plan is available to shareholders of TrustCo Bank
Corp NY.  It provides for the reinvestment
of cash dividends and optional cash payments to purchase additional shares of
TrustCo stock. The Plan is free of administrative charges, and provides a
convenient method of acquiring additional shares. Trustco Bank, our wholly
owned bank subsidiary, acts as administrator for this service, and has
designated Glens Falls National Bank and
Trust Company to act as agent for shareholders in these transactions.
Shareholders who want additional information may contact the TrustCo
Shareholder Services Department (518-381-3699, ext. 1292).

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY AT TRUSTCO
Trustco Bank is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer.

FORM 10-K
TrustCo Bank Corp NY will provide without charge a copy of its Form 10-K upon
written request. Requests and
related inquiries should be directed to William F. Terry, Secretary, TrustCo
Bank Corp NY, P.O. Box 1082, Schenectady, New York 12301-1082.

NASDAQ SYMBOL: TRST
The Corporation's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ National Market
System.

SUBSIDIARIES:
Trustco Bank, National Association
Schenectady, New York
Member FDIC
ORE Subsidiary Corp.
Schenectady, New York

TRANSFER AGENT
Trustco Bank
Securities Department
P.O. Box 380
Schenectady, New York 12301-0380



                                                   Exhibit 21


                   LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF TRUSTCO


Trustco Bank, National Association.........Nationally chartered
                                           banking association
ORE Subsidiary Corp........................New York corporation








                                              Exhibit 23


KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
74 North Pearl Street
Albany, NY  12207


  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



The Board of Directors
TrustCo Bank Corp NY:

We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements, Form S-8 (No. 33-43153) filed on October 3, 1991,
Form S-8 (No. 33-67176) filed on August 6, 1993, and Form S-8
(No. 33-43153) filed on March 21, 1995 of TrustCo Bank Corp NY
and subsidiaries of our report dated January 27, 1995, relating
to the consolidated statements of condition of TrustCo Bank Corp
NY  and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of income, changes in
shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 1994, which report appears
in the December 31, 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K of TrustCo
Bank Corp NY.  Our report refers to the adoption of the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other
Than Pensions," Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," and Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments
in Debt and Equity Securities."


/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Albany, New York
March 27, 1995







                                                 Exhibit 24
                POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned persons do hereby appoint William F. Terry or
Robert T. Cushing as a true and lawful Attorney In Fact for the
sole purpose of affixing their signatures to the 1994 Annual
Report (Form 10-K) of TrustCo Bank Corp NY to the Securities and
Exchange Commission.


/s/Barton A. Andreoli              /s/Lionel O. Barthold
Barton A. Andreoli                 Lionel O. Barthold

/s/M. Norman Brickman              /s/Charles W. Carl, Jr  .
M. Norman Brickman                  Charles W. Carl, Jr.

/s/Robert A. McCormick            /s/Nancy A. McNamara
Robert A. McCormick               Nancy A. McNamara

/s/Dr. John S. Morris             /s/Dr. James H. Murphy
Dr. John S. Morris                Dr. James H. Murphy

/s/Richard J. Murray, Jr.        /s/Kenneth C. Petersen
Richard J. Murray, Jr.           Kenneth C. Petersen

/s/William J. Purdy              /s/William F. Terry
 William J. Purdy                 William F. Terry

/s/Philip J. Thompson
Philip J. Thompson


Sworn to before me this 21st day of March 1995


By/s/Joan Clark

Joan Clark
Notary Public, State of New York
Qualified in Albany County
No. 01CL4822282
Commission Expires Nov. 30, 1996


Financial Data Schedules to 10-K                   Exhibit 27



 PERIOD-TYPE                                12-MOS
 FISCAL-YEAR-END                            DEC-31-1994
 PERIOD-END                                 DEC-31-1994
 CASH                                              52,479
 INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS                           1,696,335
 FED-FUNDS-SOLD                                   263,000
 TRADING-ASSETS                                         0
 INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE                        117,458
 INVESTMENTS-CARRYING                             347,858
 INVESTMENTS-MARKET                               334,455
 LOANS                                          1,152,632
 ALLOWANCE                                         38,851
 TOTAL-ASSETS                                   1,975,677
 DEPOSITS                                       1,789,831
 SHORT-TERM                                        12,713
 LIABILITIES-OTHER                                 30,300
 LONG-TERM                                          3,550
 COMMON                                            15,018
 PREFERRED-MANDATORY                                    0
 PREFERRED                                              0
 OTHER-SE                                         124,265
 TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY                   1,975,677
 INTEREST-LOAN                                     93,873
 INTEREST-INVEST                                   46,409
 INTEREST-OTHER                                         0
 INTEREST-TOTAL                                   140,282
 INTEREST-DEPOSIT                                  60,034
 INTEREST-EXPENSE                                  60,698
 INTEREST-INCOME-NET                               71,528
 LOAN-LOSSES                                        8,056
 SECURITIES-GAINS                                  (8,877)
 EXPENSE-OTHER                                     40,560
 INCOME-PRETAX                                     35,528
 INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY                          35,528
 EXTRAORDINARY                                          0
 CHANGES                                                0
 NET-INCOME                                        22,888
 EPS-PRIMARY                                         1.54
 EPS-DILUTED                                         1.54
 YIELD-ACTUAL                                         426
 LOANS-NON>                                          1,057
 LOANS-PAST                                           803
 LOANS-TROUBLED                                       910
 LOANS-PROBLEM                                          0
 ALLOWANCE-OPEN                                    34,087
 CHARGE-OFFS                                        4,824
 RECOVERIES                                         1,532
 ALLOWANCE-CLOSE                                   38,851
 ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC                                     0
 ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN                                      0
 ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED                             38,851





                                                  Exhibit 99


KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
74 North Pearl Street
Albany, NY  12207

              Independent Auditors' Report
          ------------------------------------


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Trustco Bank Corp NY:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of
condition of TrustCo Bank Corp NY and subsidiaries as of December
31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of
income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1994.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of TrustCo Bank Corp NY and subsidiaries as of December
31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the years in the three- year period ended
December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

As discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements,
in 1994 the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities" which changed its method of accounting for
certain investments in debt and equity securities.  As discussed
in notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, in
1993 the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" which changed
its method of accounting for income taxes.  As discussed in note
9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company also
adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than
Pensions" in 1993 which changed its method of accounting for
postretirement benefits other than pensions.











/s/KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
January 27, 1995

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLE 9 FDS FOR 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>                           9
       
<S>                                          <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                            DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                                 DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                              52,479
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                           1,696,335
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                                   263,000
<TRADING-ASSETS>                                         0
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                        117,458
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                             347,858
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                               334,455
<LOANS>                                          1,152,632
<ALLOWANCE>                                         38,851
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                   1,975,677
<DEPOSITS>                                       1,789,831
<SHORT-TERM>                                        12,713
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                                 30,300
<LONG-TERM>                                          3,550
<COMMON>                                            15,018
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                    0
<PREFERRED>                                              0
<OTHER-SE>                                         124,265
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>                   1,975,677
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                     93,873
<INTEREST-INVEST>                                   46,409
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                         0
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                                   140,282
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                                  60,034
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  60,698
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                               71,528
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                        8,056
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                                  (8,877)
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                     40,560
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                     35,528
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                          35,528
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                          0
<CHANGES>                                                0
<NET-INCOME>                                        22,888
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                         1.54
<EPS-DILUTED>                                         1.54
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                         426
<LOANS-NON>                                          1,058
<LOANS-PAST>                                           803
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                       910
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                          0
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                                    34,087
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                        4,824
<RECOVERIES>                                         1,532
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                                   38,851
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                                     0
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                      0
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                             38,851
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
