<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000896463-95-000121.txt : 19950829
<IMS-HEADER>0000896463-95-000121.hdr.sgml : 19950829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000896463-95-000121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950828
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950828
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES & ROLLING & FINISHING MILLS [3310]
		IRS NUMBER:				311189815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04016
		FILM NUMBER:		95567863

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1205 DEARBORN DR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144383210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1205 DEARBORN DR
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORTHINGTON STEEL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720123
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C.  20549
                           FORM 10 - K
                 

      /x/  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
           THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
 For the fiscal year ended May 31,1995       Commission File No. 0-4016
                                                    
                  WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.
     (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)
                                
          DELAWARE                           31-1189815
 (State of Incorporation)                  (IRS Employer
                                        Identification No.)
                                
     1205 Dearborn Drive, Columbus, Ohio             43085
   (Address of principal executive offices)        (Zip Code)
                                
                         (614) 438-3210
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12(b) of the Act:  None
                                
   Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12(g) of the Act:
                      Title of each class:
 Common Stock, $.01 par value (90,906,630 shares outstanding at
                         August 8, 1995)
     Indicate  by  check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers
pursuant  to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge,
in  definitive  proxy or information statements  incorporated  by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to  this
Form 10-K.       
           __X__


     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has  filed
all  reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)  of  the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding  12  months
(or  for such shorter period that the Registrant was required  to
file  such  reports)  and  (2) has been subject  to  such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.                 YES  X   NO __

     The  aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-
affiliates of the Registrant at August 8, 1995 was $1,505,425,000
(computed  by reference to the closing price for such  shares  on
such date).
     Portions  of  the Registrant's annual report to shareholders
for  the  fiscal  year  ended May 31, 1995  are  incorporated  by
reference  into  Part I and Part II.  Portions of the  definitive
proxy  statement furnished to shareholders of the  Registrant  in
connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held  on
September 21, 1995 are incorporated by reference into Part III.
     Exhibit  index  begins on page 16 of consecutively  numbered
original.

                             PART I
Item 1.  -  Business.
     Worthington  Industries, Inc. was initially incorporated  in
Ohio  in  1955.  It reincorporated in Delaware in 1986 through  a
statutory   merger.   Worthington  Industries,   Inc.   and   its
subsidiaries  are  herein  referred to  as  the  "Company."   The
Company's  operations are grouped into three segments:  processed
steel products, custom products and cast products.
     The  processed  steel products segment  is  engaged  in  the
business of processing flat rolled steel to close tolerances  for
sale  to  industrial  customers  who  require  steel  of  precise
thickness,  length, width, shape, surface finish and  temper  for
their  own product fabrication.  The Company also makes  its  own
line  of  finished processed steel products such as low  pressure
cylinders  for  containing liquefied petroleum,  refrigerant  and
other gases.
     The   custom   products  segment  produces  injection-molded
plastic  and  precision metal parts for sale to manufacturers  of
automobiles, appliances, lawn equipment, sporting goods and other
items in North America.
     The  cast  products segment produces a broad  line  of  cast
steel products for sale to the freight railcar, mass transit  and
industrial markets.
     For  information  regarding  the  net  sales  and  revenues,
earnings  from  continuing operations before  income  taxes,  and
identifiable assets attributable to each segment for each of  the
last  three  fiscal years, reference is made to page  22  of  the
Company's  annual  report  to shareholders  for  the  year  ended
May 31, 1995 which is incorporated herein by reference.
     See  Note  J  of  the  Notes to the  Company's  Consolidated
Financial  Statements, which are included in Item 8  hereof,  for
information    concerning    the   Company's    investments    in
unconsolidated affiliates.

Processed Steel Products.
     The  Company buys coils of wide, open tolerance sheet  steel
from  major steel mills, and processes it to the custom order  of
more   than   1,700  industrial  customers  in  the   automotive,
automotive   supply,   appliance,   electrical,   communications,
construction,  office furniture, office equipment,  agricultural,
machinery,  leisure time and other industries.  The Company  does
not process steel for inventory.
     Techniques  such  as slitting, roller leveling,  cold  reduc
tion, edge rolling, blanking, coating, annealing and pickling are
used  to  process  steel to specified thickness,  length,  width,
shape,  temper  and surface quality.  One or more  processes  are
applied  to  produce steel of specified character  and  dimension
which  the  customer can stamp, blank, draw, roll form, fabricate
or  otherwise  incorporate into component parts or end  products.
Slitting  is cutting steel to specified widths.  Roller  leveling
is  flattening  steel  and cutting it  to  exact  lengths.   Cold
reduction  is rolling steel to close tolerances of thickness  and
temper.   Edge  rolling imparts round, smooth or  knurled  edges.
Blanking cuts the steel into specific shapes.  Coating results in
the  production  of  painted, galvanized or nickel-plated  steel.
Annealing  is  a  thermal process which changes the  hardness  of
steel.  Pickling is a chemical process whereby an acidic solution
removes  the  surface  oxide,  commonly  called  "scale",   which
develops on steel when it is hot rolled.
     Steel   processing  is  highly  competitive.   The   Company
competes  with many other intermediate processors.   The  Company
knows  of  no other intermediate processor which offers the  same
type  and  extent  of technical service support provided  by  the
Company  relating to material testing and application of material
suited  to  the  particular  needs of customers  (see  "Technical
Services").  The Company is unable to gauge, however, the  extent
to  which  its  technical  service capability  has  improved  its
competitive position.
     The  Company manufactures steel cylinders having refrigerant
gas  capacities  of  15 to 1000 pounds, and  steel  and  aluminum
cylinders with liquefied petroleum gas capacities of 4-1/4 to 420
pounds.   These cylinders are designed and produced in accordance
with  safety  requirements prescribed by the U.S.  Department  of
Transportation  which specify materials, design limitations,  and
marking,  inspection  and testing procedures  to  be  used.   The
cylinders  are produced by precision stamping, deep  drawing  and
welding of component parts to customer specifications.  They  are
then tested, painted and packaged as required.
     Steel refrigerant cylinders manufactured by the Company  are
sold  predominantly to major refrigerant gas producers  who  fill
the  cylinders with refrigerant gases and re-sell them to dealers
for use in charging residential, commercial, automotive and other
air  conditioning and refrigeration systems.  Reusable steel  and
aluminum   LP  gas  cylinders  are  built  to  contain  liquefied
petroleum  gas  for  use  as a fuel, and  the  major  buyers  are
manufacturers of barbecue grills.  Reusable LP gas cylinders  are
also   sold   to   propane  and  gas  grill  distributors,   mass
merchandisers  and manufacturers and users of materials-handling,
heating,  cooking  and  camping  equipment.   The  Company   also
manufactures  other  cylinder  products  such  as  recapture  and
recycling   tanks  for  refrigerant  gases,  helium   tanks   and
compressed  air  tanks.   It also sells acetylene  cylinders  for
welding applications.  While a large percentage of sales are made
to major accounts, the Company has over 2,000 cylinder customers.
     The  Company  has  two principal competitors  in  its  major
pressure  cylinder  markets,  of which  management  believes  the
Company  has  the  largest share.  However, the  Company  has  no
reliable  information with respect to the  size  of  any  of  its
various product markets or its relative position therein for  any
segment.
     The largest customer of the processed steel products segment
is  General  Motors Corporation, purchasing through decentralized
divisions  and subsidiaries and in different geographical  areas.
(See "Marketing and Competition").  The loss of General Motors as
a  customer could have an adverse effect on the segment, but  the
Company  has no reason to believe that the loss of this  customer
is likely.
     The  Company purchases steel in large quantities, at regular
intervals  from major primary producers for its steel  processing
and  pressure cylinder operations.  During the fiscal year  ended
May  31,  1995  the  Company's major suppliers were  Rouge  Steel
Company  (in which the Company holds a minority equity position),
AK  Steel  Corporation,  Bethlehem Steel Corporation,  LTV  Steel
Corporation,  USX  Corporation, WCI Steel,  Inc.,  Weirton  Steel
Corporation and Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation. During the
fiscal year ended May 31, 1995, the Company's major suppliers  of
aluminum  for  pressure  cylinders  were  Alumax  Aluminum  Sales
Corporation,  Aluminum Corporation of America, Cressona  Aluminum
Company,  Kaiser  Aluminum  and  Specialty  Blanks  Incorporated.
Management believes that its supplier relationships are good.

Custom Products.
     In  the  custom  products segment, the Company  manufactures
injection  molded plastic and precision metal parts  to  customer
specifications. The primary customers of this segment are in  the
automotive original equipment markets, but sales are also made to
manufacturers  of  appliances, lawn and garden  equipment,  audio
equipment, recreational items, hand tools, housewares  and  other
items.  Principal products of the segment are a variety of custom
made  injection  molded plastic components (both  functional  and
decorative) which, depending on the customers' needs, can also be
painted, assembled, silk screened, vacuum metalized, hot stamped,
roll  foiled, vinyl wrapped, foamed in-place and/or appliqued  by
the  Company.  Precision metal components are made primarily  for
power steering, transmission, brake and other mechanical systems.
     The  custom  products  segment relies heavily  on  sales  to
General  Motors Corporation, The Ford Motor Company and  Chrysler
Corporation.   The loss of any of these customers could  have  an
adverse  effect on the segment but the Company has no  reason  to
believe that the loss of any of these customers is likely.
     Plastic  resins  and  bar  steel, the  major  raw  materials
required by this segment, are available from many sources.
     The  Company  has numerous competitors in the  sale  of  its
custom  products.   This  business competes  in  its  markets  by
seeking  to  provide  well-engineered,  quality  products  within
required delivery terms to meet the specific needs of its plastic
parts and precision metal component customers.

Cast Products.
     The   Company's  cast  products  segment  operates  a  steel
castings  business.  The steel castings operation manufactures  a
diverse  line  of cast steel products ranging in  size  from  100
pounds  to  30 tons.  These products are offered to the railroad,
mass  transit,  construction  and off-highway  markets,  and  are
produced  to satisfy customer orders.  The Company can also  pour
ingots  of  special  alloy steel which are  converted  to  coils,
plates, bars and forgings by outside users.
     In  general, there are a number of companies involved in the
sale   of  steel  castings.   However,  there  are  three   major
competitors  in  the  sale  of  certain  railcar  castings.   The
Company's cast products are generally sold under trademark  which
is  a stylized "Circle B", and the Company utilizes various other
owned and licensed trademarks and patents in connection with  its
cast  products.   The  Company  is  the  leading  North  American
designer and producer of undercarriages for mass transit cars and
holds numerous patents for them.
     Scrap  steel, the major raw material required  by  the  cast
products segment, is purchased from several sources, including  a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  Supplies of scrap  steel
have  been adequate, although pricing in the market tends  to  be
volatile.  Other raw materials used by this segment are  obtained
from a number of major suppliers.

Technical Services.
     The Company employs a staff of engineers and other technical
personnel  and  maintains fully-equipped, modern laboratories  to
support  its  operations.  The facilities enable the  Company  to
verify,    analyze   and   document   the   physical,   chemical,
metallurgical and mechanical properties of its raw materials  and
products.   Technical service personnel also work in  conjunction
with  the sales force to determine the types of flat rolled steel
and  steel  castings  required for the particular  needs  of  the
Company's  customers.   In  order to provide  such  service,  the
Company   maintains   a  continuing  program   of   developmental
engineering  with respect to the characteristics and  performance
of  its products under varying conditions.  Laboratory facilities
are  also  used  to  perform the quality control  and   extensive
testing of all low pressure cylinders required by the regulations
of   the  U.  S.  Department  of  Transportation  and  associated
agencies, as well as varying customer requirements.  The  Company
also maintains a separate testing facility for its steel castings
operation.

Marketing and Competition.
     The  Company's products and services are sold  primarily  by
Company sales personnel.
     As  a  percentage  of the Company's consolidated  sales  and
revenues, sales of steel processing services represented 57%  for
fiscal 1995, 59% for fiscal 1994, and 56% for fiscal 1993;  sales
of  pressure cylinders represented 12% for 1995, 13% for 1994 and
13%  for  1993; and sales of custom plastics represented  17%  in
1995, 17% in 1994 and 19% in 1993.
     During  the  fiscal year ended May 31, 1995, General  Motors
Corporation,  purchasing  through  decentralized  divisions   and
subsidiaries  in  different  geographical  areas,  accounted  for
approximately  13.8%  of  the Company's  consolidated  sales  and
revenues.
     The  principal  methods of competition  encountered  by  the
Company   are  quality  of  product,  ability  to  meet  delivery
requirements  of customers, and price.  Geographic  proximity  to
customers has a significant effect upon relative ability to  meet
customer  delivery  schedules  and  impacts  the  freight  charge
portion  of overall product price.  See also the information  set
forth above as to competition in the various segments.
Environmental Regulation.
     The  Company's manufacturing facilities, generally in common
with  those  similar  industries  making  similar  products,  are
subject to many federal, state and local requirements relating to
the  protection  of  the  environment.  The  Company  continually
examines  ways to reduce emissions and waste and to  effect  cost
savings related to environmental compliance.  Management does not
anticipate  that  capital expenditures for environmental  control
facilities  required in order to meet environmental  requirements
will be material when compared with the Company's overall capital
expenditures.

Employees.
     The Company employs approximately 8,200 people.

Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates.
     The  Company participates in five joint ventures as follows:
(a)  Worthington Armstrong Venture manufactures suspended ceiling
systems for concealed and lay-in panel ceilings from three plants
located  in  Pennsylvania, Maryland and France;  (b)  Worthington
Specialty Processing processes wide sheet steel from its plant in
Jackson,  Michigan; (c) TWB Company, located in Monroe, Michigan,
produces  laser welded steel blanks for the automobile  industry;
(d)  London  Industries, Inc. produces injection  molded  plastic
products in London, Ohio; and (e) Acerex S.A. de C.V. is a  steel
processor in Monterrey, Mexico.  The Company also owns a minority
equity interest (28%) in Rouge Steel Company, an integrated steel
mill located near Detroit, Michigan.  See Note J of the Notes  to
the  Company's  Consolidated Financial Statements for  additional
information on these unconsolidated affiliates of the Company.


Item 2. - Properties.
     The  Company's principal properties presently consist of  28
owned manufacturing and office facilities.  These properties  are
located  in  Ohio  (13), Alabama (1), Georgia (2),  Indiana  (1),
Kentucky  (2), Maryland (1), Michigan (4), Oklahoma (1),  Ontario
(1),  Pennsylvania  (1), South Carolina (2)  and  Tennessee  (1).
These plants and offices are used in the processed steel products
(17), custom products (7) and cast products (3) segments and  for
general  corporate  purposes (1).  The above facilities,  all  of
which  are  well  maintained  and in  good  operating  condition,
contain  in excess of 5,000,000 square feet, and are adequate  to
meet the Company's present needs.
     See  Item 1 under the heading "Investments in Unconsolidated
Affiliates"  for  the  location of the  Company's  unconsolidated
affiliates.


Item 3. - Legal Proceedings.
     The Ohio EPA has threatened to sue the Company's subsidiary,
Buckeye Steel Castings Company, for various alleged air pollution
matters   at   its  foundry  in  Columbus,  Ohio.   The   primary
allegations concern (a) alleged emissions of fugitive  dust  from
the   facility,  mainly  related  to  malfunctions  of  its  dust
collection systems (i.e. baghouses) in 1989; (b) alleged failures
to obtain permits in a timely manner; and (c) alleged failures in
prior  years  to  use  reasonably available control  measures  to
collect  dust  inside  its facility.  The  Company  disputes  the
alleged violations, and is currently involved in negotiations  in
an  attempt to resolve the matter.  Any remedy will be  discussed
as part of the negotiations.


Item 4. - Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
     Not applicable.

Executive Officers of the Registrant.
     The  following  table lists the names, positions  held,  and
ages of all the executive officers of the Company:
                                                          Present
                                                           Office
Name                   Age  Positions with the Company      Held
                                                           Since
John H. McConnell      72   Chairman of the Board
                            and Director                    1955
John P. McConnell      41   Vice Chairman, Chief Executive
                            Officer and Director            1993
Donald G. Barger, Jr.  52   Vice President-Finance and
                            Chief Financial Officer         1993
Robert J. Borel        52   Vice President-Engineering      1985
Edward A. Ferkany      58   Vice President-Processed Steel  1985
Thomas L. Hockman      51   Vice President-Personnel        1993
Robert J. Klein        58   Executive Vice President-Marketing
                            and Planning and Director       1985
Pete A. Klisares       59   Executive Vice President
                            and Director                    1993
Donal H. Malenick      56   President, Chief Operating
                            Officer and Director            1976
Charles D. Minor       68   Secretary and Director          1955

The principal  employment  of  Donal  H.  Malenick,  Robert  J.  Klein,
Robert  J.  Borel  and  Edward A. Ferkany for more  than  the  last
five years has been in their present capacity with the Company.
     John  H.  McConnell was also Chief Executive  Officer  of  the
Company from its founding in 1955 until June 1, 1993 at which  time
he retired as CEO and remained Chairman of the Board.
     John  P.  McConnell's principal occupation for more than  five
years  prior to July 1990 had been in various capacities  with  the
Company.  In July 1990, he resigned his employment with the Company
to become President of JMAC, Inc., a private holding company.  John
P.  McConnell was elected Vice Chairman of the Company in June 1992
and became Chief Executive Officer as of June 1, 1993.
     Donald  G. Barger, Jr. was Vice President-Corporate Controller
for  B.  F.  Goodrich  Company for more than five  years  prior  to
September  1993,  when he became Vice President-Finance  and  Chief
Financial Officer of the Company.
     Thomas  L.  Hockman  was Assistant Treasurer  and  Manager  of
Compensation and Benefits for the Company for more than five  years
prior to becoming Vice President-Personnel in January 1993.
     Pete  A. Klisares was Manufacturing Vice President and General
Manager  for  AT&T for more than five years prior to May  1991  and
Executive  Director  of JMAC, Inc. from May 1991  through  December
1991.   He  became  Assistant to the Chairman  of  the  Company  in
December  1991  and  was named Executive Vice  President  effective
August 1993.
     Charles  D.  Minor  was a partner in the law  firm  of  Vorys,
Sater,  Seymour and Pease, counsel to the Company,  for  more  than
five  years  prior  to  January 1993.  In January  1993  he  became
counsel to that firm.
     Executive  officers serve at the pleasure  of  the  directors.
John H. McConnell is the father of John P. McConnell.  There are no
other  family  relationships among the executive  officers  of  the
Company.  No arrangements or understandings exist pursuant to which
any person has been, or is to be, selected as an officer.


                              PART II


Item 5. - Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters.
      The information called for by this Item 5 is incorporated  by
reference herein from the information set forth on pages 30 and  31
of  the Company's annual report to shareholders for the year  ended
May 31, 1995.


Item 6. - Selected Financial Data.
     The  information called for by this Item 6 is incorporated  by
reference  herein from the information presented for  each  of  the
Company's five most recent fiscal years under "Eleven Year Selected
Financial  Data"  set  forth on pages 28 and 29  of  the  Company's
annual report to shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1995.


Item 7. - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.
     The  information called for by this Item 7 is incorporated  by
reference  herein from "Management's Discussion and  Analysis"  set
forth  on  pages  16, 17 and 18 of the Company's annual  report  to
shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1995.


Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
     The following consolidated financial statements of Worthington
Industries,   Inc.  and  Subsidiaries  and  Report  of  Independent
Auditors,  included in the Company's annual report to  shareholders
for the year ended May 31, 1995, on pages 18 through 27 thereof are
incorporated herein by reference.
     Consolidated Balance Sheets--May 31, 1995 and 1994
     Consolidated Statements of Earnings--Years ended May 31, 1995,
     1994 and 1993
     Consolidated  Statements of Shareholders' Equity--Years  ended
     May 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
     Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows--Years  ended  May  31,
     1995, 1994 and 1993
     Industry Segment Data
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     Report of Independent Auditors


Item 9. - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
     Not applicable.


                             PART III


Item 10. - Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
     In  accordance with General Instruction G(3), the  information
required  by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference herein  from
the material under the heading "Election of Directors" contained on
pages 2 through 6 of the Company's definitive proxy statement filed
with  the  Commission relating to the Company's annual  meeting  of
shareholders  to  be held on September 21, 1995.   The  information
regarding Executive Officers required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K
is  included  in  Part I hereof under an appropriate  caption.   No
disclosure is required to be made under Item 405 of Regulation S-K.

Item 11. - Executive Compensation.
     In  accordance with General Instruction G(3), the  information
required  by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference herein  from
the   information  contained  in  the  Company's  definitive  proxy
statement  filed  with  the Commission relating  to  the  Company's
annual  meeting  of shareholders to be held on September  21,  1995
under  the  heading  "Election  of  Directors  -  Compensation   of
Directors" on page 5 and under the heading "Executive Compensation"
-  "Summary of Cash and Certain Other Compensation" on pages 7  and
8,  "Option Grants" on page 8, and "Option Exercises and  Holdings"
on page 9.

Item 12. - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management.
     In  accordance with General Instruction G(3), the  information
required  by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference herein  from
the  material  under the headings "Voting Securities and  Principal
Holders  Thereof - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners"
contained on page 2 and "Election of Directors" contained on  pages
2  through 6 of the Company's definitive proxy statement filed with
the  Commission  relating  to  the  Company's  annual  meeting   of
shareholders to be held on September 21, 1995.

Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.
     In  accordance with General Instruction G(3), the  information
required  by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference herein  from
the material under the heading "Election of Directors" contained on
pages 2 through 5 of the Company's definitive proxy statement filed
with  the  Commission relating to the Company's annual  meeting  of
shareholders to be held on September 21, 1995.
     
                              PART IV

Item 14. - Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on
Form 8-K.
(a)(1) and (2) The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted
               as  a  separate section of this report--See List  of
               Financial   Statements   and   Financial   Statement
               Schedules  on page F-1 of this report - Page  14  of
               consecutively numbered original.
   (3)                   Listing of Exhibits--See Index to Exhibits
               beginning  on page E-1 of this report - Page  16  of
               consecutively  numbered  original.   The  index   to
               exhibits  specifically  identifies  each  management
               contract  or compensatory plan required to be  filed
               as an Exhibit to this Form 10-K.
(b)  No  report  on  Form  8-K was filed during the  quarter  ended
     May 31, 1995.
(c)  Exhibits filed with this report are attached hereto.
(d)  Financial Statement Schedules--The response to this portion of
     Item 14 is submitted as a separate section of this report--See
     List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules
     on Page F-1 - Page 14  of consecutively numbered original.




                            SIGNATURES

     Pursuant  to  the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)  of  the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant  has  duly  caused
this  report  to  be  signed  on its  behalf  by  the  undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                              WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.


Date:  August 28, 1995        By: /s/____________________________
                                     Donal H. Malenick, President

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf  of  the registrant and in the capacities and  on  the  date
indicated.

   SIGNATURE             DATE           TITLE


          *                         *  Director, Chairman of the Board
John H. McConnell

          *                         *  Director, Vice Chairman,
John P. McConnell                      Chief Executive Officer

                                       8/28/95    Director, President,
Donal H. Malenick                      Chief Operating Officer

          *                         *  Director, Executive Vice
Pete A. Klisares                       President

          *                         *  Director, Executive Vice
Robert J. Klein                        President-Marketing and Planning

          *                         *  Vice President-Finance,
Donald G. Barger, Jr.                  Chief Financial Officer

          *                         *   Director, Secretary
Charles D. Minor

          *                         *   Director
Charles R. Carson

          *                         *   Director
John E. Fisher

          *                         *   Director
John F. Havens

          *                         *   Director
Katherine S. LeVeque

          *                         *   Director
Robert B. McCurry

          *                         *   Director
Gerald B. Mitchell

          *                         *   Director
James Petropoulos




*By:  __________________________           Date: 8/28/95
      Donal H. Malenick
      Attorney-In-Fact



MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Fiscal 1995 was the third consecutive record year for the
Company.  Net sales of $1.484 billion, net earnings of $116.7
million and earnings per share of $1.29 were all records,
increasing 15%, 38% and 37%, respectively.  This followed a
strong fiscal 1994 when net sales of $1.285 billion, net
earnings of $84.9 million and earnings per share of $.94 had
increased 15%, 25% and 24%, respectively.
     Profitability after taxes continued to improve in 1995.
Return on sales rose to 7.9% in fiscal 1995 from 6.6% in 1994
and 6.1% in 1993.  Return on average assets increased to 13.6%
in 1995 from 11.4% in 1994 and 10.3% in 1993.  Return on average
shareholder's equity rose to 21.3% from 18.0% in 1994 and 16.4%
in 1993.
     Every quarter during the fiscal year was a record as the
Company continued to benefit from high demand in its markets.
The economy continued to expand and most product lines stayed
strong throughout the year.
     The higher sales for 1995 and 1994 were largely as a result
of higher volume and order levels.  Both years included some
selling price increases, as higher raw material prices were
generally passed through to customers.
     Cost of goods sold increased 14% in 1995, slightly less
than the sales increase, and 17% in 1994.  In both years, higher
raw material costs offset the benefits gained from leveraging
fixed costs, cost reductions and the increased productivity that
resulted from higher volumes.
     Gross margin increased 25% in 1995, following a 10%
increase in 1994.  As a percentage of sales, gross margin was
16.1% in 1995, 14.9% in 1994 and 15.7% in 1993.  Margins
improved in 1995 as the expanding economy provided a more
favorable environment for passing raw material price increases
to customers.  In 1994, margins were squeezed as some selling
price increases did not match raw material cost increases and
new job start-up inefficiencies existed in Custom Products.
     Selling, general and administrative expense increased 18%
in fiscal 1995 and 5% in 1994 because of the higher sales
volumes and increased profit sharing from the higher profits.
Profit sharing is not a fixed cost and represented 24% of total
selling, general, and administrative expense in 1995 and 1994.
Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of
sales was 6.2% in 1993, 5.6% in 1994 and 5.7% in 1995.
     Operating income for core businesses increased 29% after a
13% increase in 1994.  As a percentage of sales, operating
income was up to 10.4% from 9.3% in 1994 and 9.5% in 1993.
     Interest expense increased 100% in 1995 following a 12%
decrease in fiscal 1994.  In 1995, both the average debt
outstanding and the average interest rate increased.  In 1994,
higher average debt outstanding was offset somewhat by a lower
average interest rate.  The increases in average debt
outstanding were due to the Company's aggressive capital
spending program and increasing working capital to support the
sales growth.  The average interest rate was 6.2% in 1995, up
from 4.0% in 1994 and 4.7% and 1993.
     Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates increased
103% in 1995, after a 311% increase in 1994.  This followed a
16% decline in 1993.  The majority of the increases came from
the equity in Rouge Steel which continued to benefit from the
favorable market environment for integrated steel producers and
higher steel prices.  TWB Company is still in a start-up mode,
but its loss was down significantly from 1994.  Worthington
Armstrong Venture (WAVE) contributed to the increased equity in
1995 as demand for its products was favorable and the plant in
France became profitable in its first full year of operation.
     Income taxes increased in line with earnings for fiscal
1995.  The effective tax rate increased slightly to 37.5% from
37.4% in 1994 and 37.0% in 1993.  Increases in state tax rates
and a shift in sales to higher state rates was offset by
permanent differences which became a larger percentage of pre-
tax earnings.  The increase from 1993 to 1994 resulted from the
higher rates and decreased deductions from the "Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1993.

Processed Steel Products
     In 1995, sales of processed steel products rose 12% to
$1,028 million and operating income and increased 15% to $112.4
million, both setting records. Return on sales increased to
10.9% from 10.7%.  The steel processing operations continued to
gain market share as demand remained strong due to the expanding
economy, increased auto production and strength in the non-
automotive sector.  The sales increase was attributable mostly
to higher volume and, to a lesser extent, higher prices as
increases from the steel mills were generally passed through to
customers.  In pressure cylinders, high worldwide demand led to
higher volumes in most product lines, particularly the largest
lines, steel portables and non-refillables.  The cylinder sales
increase also contained a price factor, as selling prices rose
to reflect the increase in steel prices and the higher cost of
the newly required "quick connect" valve.
     In fiscal 1994, sales increased 20% and operating income
rose 24%.  Steel processing experienced favorable automotive and
non-automotive markets and pressure cylinders had excellent
growth in its major product lines.
     In May the Company announced plans to build a steel
processing facility in Delta, Ohio.  This plant will have
pickling, slitting and galvanizing capabilities and will be
supported by a supply agreement with the North Star/BHP mini-
mill located adjacent.  This arrangement is expected to
complement the supply/equity relationship with Rouge Steel and
purchases from other mills.

Custom Products
     Custom Products posted record results, as sales increased
21% to $302.1 million and operating income increased 29% to
$19.8 million.  Return on sales rose to 6.5% from 6.1% in 1994.
The plastics operation benefited from high demand for
automobiles and non-automotive products.  The new plastics
facility in St. Matthews, South Carolina became profitable
during the year and the new plant in Lebanon, Kentucky became
profitable in its fourth month of operation.  Metals sales and
profits were up due to higher production levels and increased
experience on new contracts started last year.
     In fiscal 1994, this segment suffered through the loss of
major jobs due to the phase-out of certain car models and the
normal start-up inefficiencies associated with new jobs.
Efficiencies and profits improved later in the year as the jobs
became more mature.

Cast Products
     In the cast products segment, sales increased 33% to a
record $153.8 million, while operating income rose 261% to a
record $21.7 million.  Return on sales increased to 14.2% from
5.2% in 1994.  This segment was led by strong demand for freight
railcars, which drove volume and productivity gains.  Industry
environment is favorable for this segment to take advantage of
its market position for the foreseeable future.
     In fiscal 1994 sales of cast products rose 11% and
operating income decreased 8%.  Demand for freight railcar
castings suffered temporarily, due primarily to the flooding in
the midwest and shipping problems caused by severe winter
weather.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
     At May 31, 1995, the Company's balance sheet remained
strong and flexible.  Working capital increased to $272.7
million, representing 30% of total assets and 18% of sales, in
line with historic trends.  The current ratio increased to 2.5
to 1 from 2.3 to 1 at May 31, 1994.  Total balance debt stood at
$92 million.  Long-term debt was $53.5 million, only 8% of total
capital.
     During 1995, the Company used $11.3 million of its
beginning cash position, $66.4 million in cash provided by
operating activities, $4.2 million of proceeds from common
shares and $28.2 million of net short-term borrowings to fund
$61.5 million of capital expenditures, $10.9 million of
investments in unconsolidated affiliates and $36.3 million of
cash dividends.
     Dividends paid during 1995 were a record and represented
31% of net earnings.  Capital investment in businesses (capital
expenditures and investments in affiliates) increased 55% in
1995.  The most significant projects were the Lebanon, Kentucky
plastics plant and a business information system for steel
processing.
     Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable and
accrued expenses continued to increase to support the higher
sales level.  Inventory turnover decreased to 6.0 times while
days sales in accounts receivable increased to 46 days.
     The Company entered into a $150 million long-term revolving
credit agreement with several banks during the fourth quarter,
replacing the $40 million unsecured line of credit.  At May 31,
1995, $110 million of the revolver was unused.  The Company's
immediate borrowing capacity, plus its cash generated from
operations, should be more than sufficient to fund expected
normal operating costs, dividends, debt payments and capital
expenditures for existing businesses.  While there are no
specific needs, the Company regularly considers long-term debt
issuance as an alternative depending on financial market
conditions.
     The Company believes that environmental issues will not
have a material effect on capital expenditures, consolidated
financial position or future results of operations.



         WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       INDEX TO EXHIBITS
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 1995
                                
Exhibit                                         
Number        Description                  Page Number
3(a)    Certificate of           Incorporated herein by
        Incorporation of         reference to Exhibit 3 of the
        Worthington Industries,  Company's Annual Report on Form
        Inc.                     10-Q for the Quarter ended
                                 August 31, 1994
3(b)    Bylaws of Worthington    Incorporated herein by
        Industries,Inc.          reference to Exhibit 3(b) of
                                 the Company's Annual Report on
                                 Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                                 ended May 31, 1992
4       Agreement to furnish     Page 19*
        instruments defining
        rights of holders of
        long-term debt
10(a)   Amended 1980 Stock       Incorporated herein by
        Option Plan, as          reference to Annex B to the
        amended**                Prospectus filed as part of
                                 Post-Effective Amendment No. 1
                                 to the Company's Registration
                                 Statement on Form S-8
                                 (Registration No. 2-80094)
10(b)   1990 Stock Option        Incorporated herein by
        Plan**                   reference to Exhibit 10(d) of
                                 the Company's Annual Report on
                                 Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                                 ended May 31, 1991.
10(c)   Executive Deferred       Incorporated herein by
        Compensation Plan**      reference to Exhibit 10(e) of
                                 the Company's Annual Report on
                                 Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                                 ended May 31, 1984
10(d)   Deferred Compensation    Incorporated herein by
        Plan for Directors**     reference to Exhibit 10(f) of
                                 the Company's Annual Report on
                                 Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                                 ended May 31, 1984
13      Portions of 1995 Annual  Page 21*
        Report to security
        holders incorporated
        by reference into
        Form 10-K
21      Subsidiaries of the      Page 54*
        Company
23      Consent of Independent   Page 57*
        Auditors
24      Powers of Attorney       Page 59*
27      Financial Data Schedule  Page 74*

-------------
 *Page number in consecutively numbered original.
**Management compensation plan.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>



                             EXHIBIT 4


Agreement to furnish instruments defining rights of holders of long-
term debt



                                    August 28, 1995



Securities and Exchange Commission
Judiciary Plaza
450 Fifth Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C.  20549

       Re:  Worthington Industries, Inc. - Form 10-K

Gentlemen:

       Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is
today executing a Form 10-K, Annual Report.

       Pursuant to the instructions relating to the Exhibits,
Worthington Industries, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish to the
Commission, upon request, copies of instruments and agreements
defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt and of the
long-term debt of its consolidated subsidiaries.

                                Very truly yours,
                                
                                WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.
                                
                                /s/Donal H. Malenick
                                
                                Donal H. Malenick
                                President

Enclosures

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>



                            EXHIBIT 13


        PORTIONS OF 1995 ANNUAL REPORT TO SECURITY HOLDERS
             INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO FORM 10-K


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     Fiscal 1995 was the third consecutive record year for the

Company.  Net sales of $1.484 billion, net earnings of $116.7

million and earnings per share of $1.29 were all records,

increasing 15%, 38% and 37%, respectively.  This followed a

strong fiscal 1994 when net sales of $1.285 billion, net earnings

of $84.9 million and earnings per share of $.94 had increased

15%, 25% and 24%, respectively.

     Profitability after taxes continued to improve in 1995.

Return on sales rose to 7.9% in fiscal 1995 from 6.6% in 1994 and

6.1% in 1993.  Return on average assets increased to 13.6% in

1995 from 11.4% in 1994 and 10.3% in 1993.  Return on average

shareholder's equity rose to 21.3% from 18.0% in 1994 and 16.4%

in 1993.

     Every quarter during the fiscal year was a record as the

Company continued to benefit from high demand in its markets.

The economy continued to expand and most product lines stayed

strong throughout the year.

     The higher sales for 1995 and 1994 were largely as a result

of higher volume and order levels.  Both years included some

selling price increases, as higher raw material prices were

generally passed through to customers.

     Cost of goods sold increased 14% in 1995, slightly less than

the sales increase, and 17% in 1994.  In both years, higher raw

material costs offset the benefits gained from leveraging fixed

costs, cost reductions and the increased productivity that

resulted from higher volumes.

     Gross margin increased 25% in 1995, following a 10% increase

in 1994.  As a percentage of sales, gross margin was 16.1% in

1995, 14.9% in 1994 and 15.7% in 1993.  Margins improved in 1995

as the expanding economy provided a more favorable environment

for passing raw material price increases to customers.  In 1994,

margins were squeezed as some selling price increases did not

match raw material cost increases and new job start-up

inefficiencies existed in Custom Products.

     Selling, general and administrative expense increased 18% in

fiscal 1995 and 5% in 1994 because of the higher sales volumes

and increased profit sharing from the higher profits.  Profit

sharing is not a fixed cost and represented 24% of total selling,

general, and administrative expense in 1995 and 1994.  Selling,

general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales was

6.2% in 1993, 5.6% in 1994 and 5.7% in 1995.

     Operating income for core businesses increased 29% after a

13% increase in 1994.  As a percentage of sales, operating income

was up to 10.4% from 9.3% in 1994 and 9.5% in 1993.

     Interest expense increased 100% in 1995 following a 12%

decrease in fiscal 1994.  In 1995, both the average debt

outstanding and the average interest rate increased.  In 1994,

higher average debt outstanding was offset somewhat by a lower

average interest rate.  The increases in average debt outstanding

were due to the Company's aggressive capital spending program and

increasing working capital to support the sales growth.  The

average interest rate was 6.2% in 1995, up from 4.0% in 1994 and

4.7% and 1993.

     Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates increased

103% in 1995, after a 311% increase in 1994.  This followed a 16%

decline in 1993.  The majority of the increases came from the

equity in Rouge Steel which continued to benefit from the

favorable market environment for integrated steel producers and

higher steel prices.  TWB Company is still in a start-up mode,

but its loss was down significantly from 1994.  Worthington

Armstrong Venture (WAVE) contributed to the increased equity in

1995 as demand for its products was favorable and the plant in

France became profitable in its first full year of operation.

     Income taxes increased in line with earnings for fiscal

1995.  The effective tax rate increased slightly to 37.5% from

37.4% in 1994 and 37.0% in 1993.  Increases in state tax rates

and a shift in sales to higher state rates was offset by

permanent differences which became a larger percentage of pre-tax

earnings.  The increase from 1993 to 1994 resulted from the

higher rates and decreased deductions from the "Omnibus Budget

Reconciliation Act of 1993.


Processed Steel Products

     In 1995, sales of processed steel products rose 12% to

$1,028 million and operating income and increased 15% to $112.4

million, both setting records. Return on sales increased to 10.9%

from 10.7%.  The steel processing operations continued to gain

market share as demand remained strong due to the expanding

economy, increased auto production and strength in the non-

automotive sector.  The sales increase was attributable mostly to

higher volume and, to a lesser extent, higher prices as increases

from the steel mills were generally passed through to customers.

In pressure cylinders, high worldwide demand led to higher

volumes in most product lines, particularly the largest lines,

steel portables and non-refillables.  The cylinder sales increase

also contained a price factor, as selling prices rose to reflect

the increase in steel prices and the higher cost of the newly

required "quick connect" valve.

     In fiscal 1994, sales increased 20% and operating income

rose 24%.  Steel processing experienced favorable automotive and

non-automotive markets and pressure cylinders had excellent

growth in its major product lines.

     In May the Company announced plans to build a steel

processing facility in Delta, Ohio.  This plant will have

pickling, slitting and galvanizing capabilities and will be

supported by a supply agreement with the North Star/BHP mini-mill

located adjacent.  This arrangement is expected to complement the

supply/equity relationship with Rouge Steel and purchases from

other mills.


Custom Products

     Custom Products posted record results, as sales increased

21% to $302.1 million and operating income increased 29% to $19.8

million.  Return on sales rose to 6.5% from 6.1% in 1994.  The

plastics operation benefited from high demand for automobiles and

non-automotive products.  The new plastics facility in St.

Matthews, South Carolina became profitable during the year and

the new plant in Lebanon, Kentucky became profitable in its

fourth month of operation.  Metals sales and profits were up due

to higher production levels and increased experience on new

contracts started last year.

     In fiscal 1994, this segment suffered through the loss of

major jobs due to the phase-out of certain car models and the

normal start-up inefficiencies associated with new jobs.

Efficiencies and profits improved later in the year as the jobs

became more mature.


Cast Products

     In the cast products segment, sales increased 33% to a

record $153.8 million, while operating income rose 261% to a

record $21.7 million.  Return on sales increased to 14.2% from

5.2% in 1994.  This segment was led by strong demand for freight

railcars, which drove volume and productivity gains.  Industry

environment is favorable for this segment to take advantage of

its market position for the foreseeable future.

     In fiscal 1994 sales of cast products rose 11% and operating

income decreased 8%.  Demand for freight railcar castings

suffered temporarily, due primarily to the flooding in the

midwest and shipping problems caused by severe winter weather.



LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     At May 31, 1995, the Company's balance sheet remained strong

and flexible.  Working capital increased to $272.7 million,

representing 30% of total assets and 18% of sales, in line with

historic trends.  The current ratio increased to 2.5 to 1 from

2.3 to 1 at May 31, 1994.  Total balance debt stood at $92

million.  Long-term debt was $53.5 million, only 8% of total

capital.

     During 1995, the Company used $11.3 million of its beginning

cash position, $66.4 million in cash provided by operating

activities, $4.2 million of proceeds from common shares and $28.2

million of net short-term borrowings to fund $61.5 million of

capital expenditures, $10.9 million of investments in

unconsolidated affiliates and $36.3 million of cash dividends.

     Dividends paid during 1995 were a record and represented 31%

of net earnings.  Capital investment in businesses (capital

expenditures and investments in affiliates) increased 55% in

1995.  The most significant projects were the Lebanon, Kentucky

plastics plant and a business information system for steel

processing.

     Accounts receivable, inventory, and accounts payable and

accrued expenses continued to increase to support the higher

sales level.  Inventory turnover decreased to 6.0 times while

days sales in accounts receivable increased to 46 days.

     The Company entered into a $150 million long-term revolving

credit agreement with several banks during the fourth quarter,

replacing the $40 million unsecured line of credit.  At May 31,

1995, $110 million of the revolver was unused.  The Company's

immediate borrowing capacity, plus its cash generated from

operations, should be more than sufficient to fund expected

normal operating costs, dividends, debt payments and capital

expenditures for existing businesses.  While there are no

specific needs, the Company regularly considers long-term debt

issuance as an alternative depending on financial market

conditions.

     The Company believes that environmental issues will not have

a material effect on capital expenditures, consolidated financial

position or future results of operations.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>



                           EXHIBIT 21

                   SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

                                
          SUBSIDIARIES OF WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC.


                                          Jurisdiction of
Subsidiary (1)                             Incorporation
WI Investments, Inc.                         Delaware

   Subsidiaries of WI Investments, Inc.

   Worthington Industries, Incorporated   Ohio

   Worthington Cylinder Corporation       Ohio
       Worthington Cylinders              Ontario
       of Canada, Inc.(2)
       North American Cylinders, Inc. (2) Alabama

   The Worthington Steel Company          Indiana

   The Worthington Steel Company          Kentucky

   The Worthington Steel Company          Maryland

   The Worthington Steel Company          Michigan

   The Worthington Steel Company          N. Carolina

   Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc.    Michigan

   I. H. Schlezinger, Inc.                Ohio

   Buckeye Steel Castings Company         Ohio
       B-I Sales, Inc. (3)                Michigan
       Worthington Custom Plastics,
         Inc. (3)                         Ohio
          Worthington Precision
            Metals, Inc. (4)              Tennessee
       Buckeye Energy Company, Inc. (3)   Ohio
       Buckeye International Develop-
         ment, Inc. (3)                   Ohio
       GSI Engineering, Inc. (3)          Delaware

   The Worthington Steel Company          Pennsylvania
       NRM Trucking Co. (5)               Delaware
       Worthington Ventures, Inc. (5)     Delaware

Joint Ventures

   Worthington Specialty Processing (6)   Michigan
   London Industries, Inc. (7)            Ohio
   TWB Company (8)                        Michigan
   Worthington Armstrong Venture (9)      Delaware
   Acerex, S.A. de C.V. (10)              Mexico

                       *   *   *   *   *

(1)   All subsidiaries are wholly-owned unless otherwise indicated.
      Some insignificant or shell corporations are not listed.
(2)   Wholly-owned subsidiary of Worthington Cylinder Corporation
(3)   Wholly-owned subsidiary of Buckeye Steel Castings Company
(4)   Wholly-owned subsidiary of Worthington Custom Plastics, Inc.
(5)   Wholly-owned subsidiary of The Worthington Steel Company
      (Pennsylvania)
(6)   Joint Venture with USX Corp.
(7)   Joint Venture with Nissen Chemical Industry Co., Ltd. and
      Sumitomo Corporation of America
(8)   Joint Venture with Thyssen, Inc.
(9)   Joint Venture with Armstrong World Industries, Inc.
(10)  Joint Venture with Hylsa, S.A. de C.V.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>


                           EXHIBIT 23


                 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


   We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual
Report (Form 10-K) of Worthington Industries, Inc. of our report
dated June 15, 1995, included in the 1995 Annual Report to
Shareholders of Worthington Industries, Inc.

   Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of
Worthington Industries, Inc. listed in Item 14(a).  This schedule
is the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.  In
our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above,
when considered in relation to the basic financial statements
taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.

   We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 2-80094) pertaining to the
Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended 1980 Stock Option Plan;
(Form S-3 No. 33-46470) pertaining to the Worthington Industries,
Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan; (Form S-8 No.
33-38486) pertaining to the Worthington Industries, Inc. 1990
Stock Option Plan; and (Form S-8 No. 33-57981) pertaining to the
Worthington Industries, Inc. Deferred Profit Sharing Plan of our
report dated June 15, 1995, with respect to the consolidated
financial statements incorporated herein by reference, and our
report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the
financial statement schedules included in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) of Worthington Industries, Inc.


                                 /s/Ernst & Young LLP


Columbus, Ohio
August 25, 1995


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>


                           EXHIBIT 24

                       POWERS OF ATTORNEY
                                
                        POWER OF ATTORNEY
                                
     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of
the Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for
the year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H.
Malenick, Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true
and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act
without the other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in
any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all
amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-
in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and
necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all
intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and
agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his
hand this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/Robert J. Borel
                              Robert J. Borel



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/Charles R. Carson
                              Charles R. Carson



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Edward A. Ferkany
                              Edward A. Ferkany



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ John E. Fisher
                              John E. Fisher



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ John F. Havens
                              John F. Havens



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 19th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Robert J. Klein
                              Robert J. Klein



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Pete A. Klisares
                              Pete A. Klisares



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Katherine S. LeVeque
                              Katherine S. LeVeque



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Donal H. Malenick
                              Donal H. Malenick



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY


     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ John H. McConnell
                              John H. McConnell



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ John P. McConnell
                              John P. McConnell



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Robert B. McCurry
                              Robert B. McCurry



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Charles D. Minor
                              Charles D. Minor



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ Gerald B. Mitchell
                              Gerald B. Mitchell



                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer
and/or director of Worthington Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which is about to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the
Securities Act of 1934, its Annual Report on Form 10-K  for the
year ended May 31, 1995 constitutes and appoints Donal H. Malenick,
Donald G. Barger, Jr. and Dale T. Brinkman, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power to act without the
other, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign such Annual Report and any or all amendments
thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his
substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set his hand
this 17th day of August, 1995.

                              /s/ James Petropoulos
                              James Petropoulos




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>10-K FINANCIALS
<TEXT>




<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

<CAPTION>
            In thousands,        Year Ended May 31       1995              1994                1993         
            except per share
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <S>                                        <C>              <C>                  <C>
SALES      Net sales                                  $1,483,569       $1,285,134           $1,113,242   
           Cost of goods sold                          1,244,633        1,093,350              938,342   
                                                      ----------       ----------           ----------
                                      Gross Margin       238,936          191,784              174,900   
           Selling, general and                           85,102           72,372               68,809   
           administrative expense                     ----------       ----------           ----------
                                                                                                  
                                  Operating Income       153,834          119,412              106,091   
             Other income (expense):                                                                                
     
           Miscellaneous income                              573              389                  598   
           Interest expense                               (6,036)          (3,017)              (3,421)   
           Equity in net income of                        38,327           18,851                4,587   
             unconsolidated affiliates                ----------       ----------           ----------
                                                                                                  
                                   Earnings Before       186,698          135,635              107,855   
                                      Income Taxes        70,012           50,782               39,907   
                                                      ----------       ----------           ----------
                                                                                                  
EARNINGS                              Net Earnings      $116,686          $84,853              $67,948   
                                                      ==========       ==========           ==========
                                                                                                  
                                    Average Common        90,730           90,378               89,699   
                                Shares Outstanding
                                                                                                  
EARNINGS PER SHARE              Earnings Per Share         $1.29             $.94                 $.76   
                                                      ==========       ==========           ==========
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<CAPTION>

Dollars in thousands, except for per share                 1995         1994          1993
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  <S>                  <S>                                 <C>           <C>          <C>
  COMMON               Balance at beginning of year        $906          $601         $595
  SHARES               Sale of common shares under
                         stock option plan, (198,444
                         in 1995; 375,155 in 1994;
                         909,539 in 1993)                     2             4            7
                       Par value of shares issued             -           301            - 
                        in connection with share split
                       Purchase and retirement of common
                         shares, (1,436 in 1994; 
                         181,200 in 1993)                     -             -           (1)
                                                       --------      --------     --------
                                   Balance at May 31       $908          $906         $601
                                                       --------      --------     --------
                                                                                                        
ADDITIONAL             Balance at beginning of year     $96,427       $81,250      $71,623
PAID-IN                Sale of common shares under
CAPITAL                  stock option plan, (198,144 
                         in 1995; 375,155 in 1994;
                         909,539 in 1993)                 2,569         3,875        8,596
                       Sale of shares under dividend
                         reinvestment plan,               1,664         1,471        1,179
                         (81,102 in 1995; 74,101 in
                         1994; 76,598 in 1993)
                         Par value of shares issued
                           in connection with share
                           split                               -         (301)           -
                       Transactions of unconsolidated
                         affiliate                        2,073        10,134            -
                       Purchase and retirement of
                         common shares, (1,436 in
                         1994; 181,200 in 1993)                -           (2)        (148)
                                                       --------      --------     --------  
                                  Balance at May 31    $102,733       $96,427      $81,250
                                                       --------      --------     --------
 MINIMUM                                                                                                
 PENSION               Balance at beginning of year     ($1,674)        ($230)           -
 LIABILITY             Transactions of unconsolidated
                         affiliate                          803        (1,444)       ($230)
                                                       --------      --------     --------
                                  Balance at May 31       ($871)      ($1,674)       ($230)
                                                       --------      --------     --------
 TRANSLATION           Balance at beginning of year           -             -            -
 ADJUSTMENT            Foreign currency translation
                         adjustment                       ($146)            -            -   
                                                       --------      --------     --------
                                  Balance at May 31       ($146)            -            -
                                                       --------      --------     --------
 RETAINED              Balance at beginning of year    $408,234      $356,567      $320,078
 EARNINGS              Net earnings                     116,686        84,853        67,948
                       Cash dividends declared:
                         (per share: $.410 in 1995;
                         $.367 in 1994; $.327 in
                         1993)                          (37,212)      (33,161)      (29,329)
                       Purchase and retirement of
                         common shares, (1,436 in
                         1994; 181,200 in 1993)               -           (25)       (2,130)
                                                       --------      --------      --------
                                  Balance at May 31    $487,708      $408,234      $356,567
                                                       --------      --------      --------

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<CAPTION>
           Dollars in thousands        May 31             1995          1994
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
<S>        <S>                                        <C>           <C>
ASSETS     Current Assets
             Cash and cash equivalents                $   2,003      $  13,275
             Accounts receivable, less allowances
               of $2,397 and $2,535 at May 31, 
               1995 and 1994                            216,443        189,741
             Inventories
               Raw materials                            142,738        125,243
               Work in process and finished products     58,140         59,639
                                                      ---------      ---------
                                                        200,878        184,882
               Prepaid expenses and other current
                 assets                                  32,578         25,218
                                                      ---------      ---------
                              Total Current Assets      451,902        413,116

            Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliates     104,764         51,961
            Other Assets                                 25,381         25,935

            Property, Plant and Equipment
              Land                                       11,383          9,765
              Buildings                                 122,073        109,724
              Machinery and equipment                   427,927        390,685
              Construction in progress                   27,903         21,375
                                                      ---------      ---------
                                                        589,286        531,549
              Less accumulated depreciation             254,369        223,988
                                                      ---------      ---------
                                                        334,917        307,561
                                                      ---------      ---------
                               Total Assets           $ 916,964      $ 798,573
                                                      =========      =========
LIABILITIES
            Current Liabilities
              Accounts payable                        $  87,329      $  97,699
              Notes payable                              38,200         10,000
              Accrued compensation, contributions to
                employee benefit plans and related
                taxes                                    31,741         29,280
              Dividends payable                           9,992          9,056
              Other accrued items                         8,597          8,135
              Income taxes                                2,709          6,206
              Current maturities of long-term debt          660          1,490
                                                      ---------      ---------
                            Total Current Liabilities   179,228        161,866

              Other Liabilities                          18,055         19,445

              Long-Term Debt                             53,476         54,136

              Deferred Income Taxes                      75,873         59,233

              Contingent Liabilities -- Note G

EQUITY        Shareholders' Equity
                Preferred shares, $1.00 par value,
                  authorized -- 1,000,000 shares, issued
                  and outstanding -- none                    -              -
                Common shares, $.01 par value, authorized
                  -- 150,000,000 shares, issued and
                  outstanding -- 1995 -- 90,840,328
                  shares; 1994 -- 90,561,082 shares         908            906
                Additional paid-in capital              102,733         96,427
                Minimum pension liability of 
                  unconsolidated affiliate                 (871)        (1,674)
                Foreign currency translation adjustment    (146)             -
                Retained earnings                       487,708        408,234
                                                      ---------      ---------
                                                        590,332        503,893
                            Total Liabilities and     ---------      ---------
                             Shareholders' Equity     $ 916,964      $ 798,573
                                                      =========      =========

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<CAPTION>

In thousands          Year Ended May 31          1995        1994        1993
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net earnings                                   $116,686    $84,853     $67,948
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to
  net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation                                 34,129     32,385      29,204
    Gain on sale of short-term investments          -         (911)         -
    Provision for deferred income taxes          15,541      7,911       5,995
    Equity in undistributed net income of
      unconsolidated affiliates                 (37,847)   (19,345)     (4,587)
    Changes in assets and liabilities:
      Short-term investments                        -           -          129
      Accounts receivable                       (26,702)   (20,886)    (18,684)
      Inventories                               (15,996)   (25,895)    (21,326)
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets  (7,418)    (6,460)       (563)
      Other assets                                  554     (6,576)    (14,618)
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses     (11,156)     4,001      25,755
      Other liabilities                          (1,390)    11,777      (3,443)
      Long-term deferred income taxes               -           -          114
                                               --------   --------    --------
                Net Cash Provided By Operating
                  Activities                     66,401     60,854      65,924

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Investment in property, plant and equipment,
  net                                           (61,485)   (46,554)    (29,140)
Investments in unconsolidated affiliates        (10,857)       -           -
Other, net                                          -        1,287         -
                                               --------   --------    --------
                Net Cash Used By Investing
                  Activities                    (72,342)   (45,267)    (29,140)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from short-term borrowings              28,200     10,000         -
Proceeds from long-term debt                     27,000        -           -
Principal payments on long-term debt            (28,490)    (1,165)     (3,263)
Proceeds from issuance of common shares           4,235      5,350       9,782
Repurchase of common shares                         -          (27)     (2,279)
Dividends paid                                  (36,276)   (33,161)    (29,329)
                Net Cash Used By Financing     --------   --------    --------
                  Activities                     (5,331)   (19,003)    (25,089)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash           --------   --------    --------
  equivalents                                   (11,272)    (3,416)     11,695
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   13,275     16,691       4,996
                Cash and Cash Equivalents at   --------   --------    --------
                  End of Year                    $2,003    $13,275     $16,691
                                               ========   ========    ========

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>

INDUSTRY SEGMENT DATA

<CAPTION>

            In thousands        May 31        1995          1994          1993
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
SALES
Net Sales
  Processed steel products                $ 1,028,326   $   920,199   $   767,682
  Custom products                             302,096       249,459       241,916
  Cast products                               153,147       115,476       103,644
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          $ 1,483,569   $ 1,285,134   $ 1,113,242
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========
EARNINGS
Operating Income
  Processed steel products                $   112,390   $    98,062   $    79,187
  Custom products                              19,754        15,334        20,360
  Cast products                                21,690         6,016         6,544
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                              153,834       119,412       106,091
  Miscellaneous income                            573           389           598
  Interest expense                             (6,036)       (3,017)       (3,421)
  Equity in net income of unconsolidated
    affiliates                                 38,327        18,851         4,587
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          $   186,698   $   135,635   $   107,855
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========
ASSETS
Identifiable Assets
  Processed steel products                $   507,073   $   471,458   $   428,891
  Custom products                             165,619       138,015       117,856
  Cast products                                78,099        75,733        69,843
  Corporate                                    61,409        61,406        59,674
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                              812,200       746,612       676,264
  Investment in unconsolidated affiliates     104,764        51,961        17,945
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          $   916,964   $   798,573   $   694,209
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========
DEPRECIATION
Depreciation Expense
  Processed steel products                $    19,041   $    19,075   $    17,745
  Custom products                               8,710         7,047         5,598
  Cast products                                 4,362         4,095         3,900
  Corporate                                     2,016         2,168         1,961
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          $    34,129   $    32,385   $    29,204
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========
EXPENDITURES
Capital Expenditures
  Processed steel products                $    31,869   $    14,693   $     9,876
  Custom products                              22,254        19,086        12,640
  Cast products                                 4,041         6,787         5,283
  Corporate                                     3,321         5,988         1,341
                                          -----------   -----------   -----------
                                          $    61,485   $    46,554   $    29,140
                                          ===========   ===========   ===========

() Indicates deduction

Corporate expenses are allocated on a consistent basis among industry
segments over the five-year period.  Earnings are before income taxes
and cumulative effect of accounting changes.  "Capital expenditures"
are net of normal disposals and exclude amounts in connection with
acquisitions and divestitures.

See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
               Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements


NOTE A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include  the  accounts

of   Worthington   Industries,  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries  (the   "Company").

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for using the equity

method.  Significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated.

Certain reclassifications were made to prior years' amounts to conform with

the 1995 presentation.

      Cash  and Cash Equivalents:  The Company considers all highly  liquid

investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less  to  be  cash

equivalents.

      Inventories:  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or  market.

Cost  is  determined  using the specific identification  method  for  steel

processing and the first-in, first-out method for all other businesses.

      Property and Depreciation:  Property, plant and equipment are carried

at  cost  and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated

useful lives of the assets.  Accelerated depreciation methods are used  for

income tax purposes.

      Capitalized  Interest:  Interest is capitalized  in  connection  with

construction of qualified assets.  Under this policy, interest of  $529,000

was capitalized in 1995.

      Post  Retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions:  The  Company  adopted

Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 106, "Employer's

Accounting  for  Post  Retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions,"  effective

June  1,  1993.   The adoption of this Statement did not  have  a  material

impact  on  the  Company's  operating results or  financial  position.   As

permitted  by  Statement  106,  the Company  elected  not  to  restate  the

financial statements of prior years.

      Statements  of  Cash Flows:  With respect to non-cash  activities  in

fiscal 1994, the Company recorded its increased equity from the Rouge Steel

Company's  initial  public  offering as  an  increase  in   investments  in

unconsolidated affiliates of $3,215,000 in 1995 and $15,451,000 in 1994 and

additional  paid-in-capital (net of deferred taxes) of $2,073,000  in  1995

and  $10,134,000 in 1994.  During fiscal 1993, $6,282,000 of inventory  and

$3,421,000   of   fixed  assets  were  reclassified   to   investments   in

unconsolidated   affiliates  as  the  initial  investment  in   Worthington

Armstrong Venture.

      Supplemental cash flow information for the years ended May 31, is  as

follows:

In thousands                               1995        1994         1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interest paid                            $6,688     $  2,973     $  3,957

Income taxes paid                        60,520       39,957       35,548



      Fair  Value  of  Financial Instruments:  The  following  methods  and

assumptions  were used by the Company in estimating the fair value  of  its

financial instruments:

      Cash  and  cash equivalents, other assets, and long-term debt  -  The

carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets approximate fair value.

     The concentration of credit risks from financial instruments, related to

the markets discussed in Review of Operations starting on page 5 is not expected

to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, cash

flow or future results of operations.
<PAGE>
NOTE B - Shareholders' Equity

On September 16, 1993, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a three-

for-two  split  of the common shares, with distribution of  the  additional

shares on October  22, 1993, to holders of record on October 1, 1993.  Also

on  September  16,  1993,  the shareholders adopted  an  amendment  to  the

Certificate  of  Incorporation of the Company to  increase  the  authorized

number  of  common  shares from 100,000,000 shares to  150,000,000  shares.

References in this annual report to per share amounts and to the number  of

common  shares  have been adjusted, where appropriate, to give  retroactive

effect to the share split.

      The  Board  of Directors is empowered to determine the issue  prices,

dividend  rates, amounts payable upon liquidation, voting rights and  other

terms of the preferred shares when issued.
<PAGE>
NOTE C - Debt

Debt at May 31, is summarized as follows:

  In thousands                                 1995      1994
---------------------------------------------------------------
Short-term notes payable to bank -          $38,200     $10,000
  unsecured
Industrial development revenue                             
  bonds and notes                            14,136      14,909
Notes payable to banks - unsecured           13,000      40,000
Revolver                                     27,000          
Other                                                       717
                                            -------     -------
                                             92,336      65,626
Less current maturities                      38,860      11,490
                                            -------     -------
                                            $53,476     $54,136
                                            =======     =======


     The Company had short-term notes payable to bank totaling $38,200,000,

at  May 31, 1995.  The rate for these borrowings, which was 6.4% at May 31,

1995, is based on the bank's cost of funds plus a fixed percent.

      The  industrial development revenue bonds and notes (IRBs)  represent

loans  to purchase or obligations to lease facilities and equipment costing

$24,601,000.   The  leases  are  accounted  for  as  lease  purchases  with

ownership  passing  to  the  Company at the expiration  dates  for  nominal

amounts.  The IRBs mature serially through 2011 and may be retired in whole

or  in  part  at  any time.  At May 31, 1995, the IRBs have fixed  interest

rates; $10,605,000 at 5.9% and the remainder at 8.0%.

      During  the  year  ended  May 31, 1995, the Company  entered  into  a

$150,000,000 revolving credit agreement with five banks.  It is a five year

commitment  with  two annual extension options.  The rate  of  interest  is

determined  at  the time of borrowing, based upon a choice  of  options  as

specified  in the agreement, and was 6.2% at May 31, 1995. This  agreement,

of  which $123,000,000 was unused at May 31, 1995, replaced the $40,000,000

committed,  unsecured line of credit available during fiscal 1995.   During

fiscal 1995, the $27,000,000 evergreen note payable to bank outstanding  at

May  31,  1994, was paid off by using the revolver. During June  1995,  the

$13,000,000  unsecured bank note payable was also paid  off  by  using  the

revolver.

     Various debt agreements place restrictions on financial conditions and

require  maintenance  of certain ratios.  One of these restrictions  limits

cash  dividends and certain other payments to $3,000,000 plus  75%  of  net

earnings,  as  defined, subsequent to May 31, 1976.  Retained  earnings  of

$319,699,000 were unrestricted at May 31, 1995.

      Principal  payments  on  long-term  debt,  including  lease  purchase

obligations,  in  the  next  five fiscal years  are  as  follows:  1996  --

$660,000; 1997 -- $660,000; 1998 -- $4,191,000; 1999 -- $660,000;  2000  --

$660,000; and thereafter -- $47,305,000.

      The  Company  is  guarantor on bank loans  for  four  separate  joint

ventures.   The guarantees totaled $37,562,000 at May 31, 1995, and  relate

to  debt with varying maturities.  The Company believes the guarantees will

not  significantly  affect the consolidated financial  position  or  future

results of operations.
<PAGE>
NOTE D - Income Taxes

Income taxes for the years ended May 31, were as follows:

    In thousands               1995         1994         1993
--------------------------------------------------------------
Current:  Federal            $45,559      $36,907      $29,329
          State and local      8,912        5,964        4,583
Deferred: Federal             14,382        7,627        5,145
          State                1,159          284          850
                             -------      -------      -------
                             $70,012      $50,782      $39,907
                             =======      =======      =======


      Under  Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board number  109,

"Accounting  for Income Taxes," the liability method is used in  accounting

for  income  taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and  liabilities

are  determined  based on differences between financial reporting  and  tax

bases  of assets and liabilities, and are measured using enacted tax  rates

and  laws  that  will  be in effect when the differences  are  expected  to

reverse.  Prior to the adoption of Statement 109, during fiscal 1993 income

tax expense was determined using the deferred method.  Deferred tax expense

was based on items of income and expense reported in different years in the

financial statements and tax returns and measured at the tax rate in effect

in the year the difference originated.

      Deferred  income  taxes  reflect the net  tax  effects  of  temporary

differences  between  the carrying amounts of assets  and  liabilities  for

financial  reporting  and the amounts used for income  tax  purposes.   The

components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets as  of  May

31 are as follows:


In thousands                                        1995          1994
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
     Allowance for doubtful accounts               $1,284        $1,332
     Inventory                                      1,375           939
     Accrued expenses                               3,888         4,393
     Income taxes                                   2,460         1,665
     Other                                            388           360
                                                   ------        ------
                                                    9,395         8,689

     Deferred tax liabilities:
         Property, plant and equipment             45,426        42,680
         Undistributed earnings of unconsolidated
           affiliates                              30,447        16,553
                                                  -------       -------
                                                   75,873        59,233
                                                  -------       -------
Net deferred tax liability                        $66,478       $50,544
                                                  =======       =======
<PAGE>
The  components of deferred income tax expense resulted from the use of the
following:

In thousands                                          1993
-----------------------------------------------------------
Accelerated depreciation                             $4,379
Undistributed earnings of unconsolidated equity       1,026
  affiliates
Other items                                             590
                                                     ------
                                                     $5,995
                                                     ======

      The  reasons for the difference between the effective income tax rate
and the statutory federal income tax rate were as follows:

                                   1995      1994      1993
------------------------------------------------------------
Federal statutory rate             35.0%     35.0%     34.0%
State and local income taxes,
  net of federal tax benefit        3.6       3.0       3.3
Other                              (1.1)      (.6)      (.3)
                                   ----      ----      ----
                                   37.5%     37.4%     37.0%
                                   ====      ====      ====
<PAGE>
NOTE E - Employee Benefit Plans
     Nonunion employees of the Company participate in a current cash profit
sharing  plan  and  a deferred profit sharing plan.  Contributions  to  and
costs  of  these  plans  are  determined as a percentge  of  the  Company's
operating income.
     Certain operations have non-contributory defined benefit pension plans
covering  a  majority  of their employees qualified  by  age  and  service.
Company  contributions to these plans comply with ERISA's  minimum  funding
requirements.

      A  summary  of the components of net periodic pension  cost  for  the
defined benefit plans in 1995, 1994 and 1993, and the contributions charged
to pension expense for the defined contribution plans follows:

In thousands                                  1995        1994        1993
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Defined benefit plans:
  Service cost (benefits earned during
    the period)                             $1,078       $1,089      $1,115
  Interest cost on projected benefit
    obligation                               3,091        2,875       2,806
  Actual return on plan assets              (3,884)      (1,222)     (5,666)
  Net amortization and deferral                283       (2,544)      1,990
  Net pension cost on defined benefit       ------       ------      ------
    plans                                      568          198         245
Defined contribution plans                   4,985        3,935       3,387
                                            ------       ------      ------
  Total pension expense                     $5,553       $4,133      $3,632
                                            ======       ======      ======

       Pension expense was calculated assuming a weighted average  discount
rate  and an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 8%.   Plan
assets  consist  principally of listed equity securities and  fixed  income
instruments.  The following table sets forth the funded status and  amounts
recognized in the Company's consolidated balance sheet for defined  benefit
pension plans at May 31:


                                 Plans Whose         Plans Whose
                                Assets Exceed        Accumulated
                                 Accumulated           Benefits
                                  Benefits          Exceed Assets
                               ------------------------------------
In thousands                     1995     1994      1995     1994
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Actuarial present value of
  benefit obligations:
    Vested                      $35,546  $34,640    $6,361   $5,260
                                =======  =======    ======   ======
    Accumulated                 $35,945  $35,327    $6,590   $5,497
                                =======  =======    ======   ======
Projected benefit obligation    $35,945  $35,327    $6,590   $5,497
Plan assets at fair value        43,922   40,935     5,022    4,607
Projected benefit obligation    -------  -------    ------   ------
  less than (in excess of)
  plan assets                   $ 7,977  $ 5,608   $(1,568) $ (890)
                                =======  =======   =======  ======
     Comprised of:                                          
Accrued pension cost            $   -    $   -     $(1,361) $ (718)
Prepaid pension cost              2,030    1,334       -        -
Unrecognized:
  Net gain                       10,905    9,575        60     (31)
  Prior service cost             (6,950)  (7,568)   (1,393)   (631)
Unrecorded net asset 
  (obligation) at transition,
  net of amortization             1,992    2,267       (45)    (41)
Adjustment to recognize
  minimum liability                 -        -       1,171     531
                                -------  -------   -------  ------
                                $ 7,977  $ 5,608   $(1,568) $ (890) 
                                =======  =======   =======  ======
<PAGE>
NOTE F -- Stock Options

Under  its  employee  stock option plans, the Company may  grant  employees
incentive stock options to purchase shares at not less than 100% of  market
value at date of grant or non-qualified stock options at a price determined
by  the Stock Option Committee.  Generally, options are exercisable at  the
rate  of  20% a year beginning one year from date of grant and  expire  ten
years thereafter.
     The following table summarizes the option plans:

In thousands,
except per share             Price Range               Number of Options
                              Per Share            1995      1994      1993
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exercised                    $2.62-$9.50            198       375       909
At May 31,
  Granted                      $19.25               882 
  Outstanding                $4.68-$19.25         1,821     1,164     1,541
  Exercisable                                     1,115       933     1,143
  Available for grants                            3,618     4,500     4,500


The  options outstanding at May 31, 1995, were held by 306 persons, had  an
average exercise price of $13.97 per share and had expiration dates ranging
from May 1997 to June 2004.
<PAGE>
NOTE G -- Contingent Liabilities

      The  Company is a defendant in certain legal actions.  In the opinion

of  management,  the  outcome  of  these  actions,  which  is  not  clearly

determinable  at  the  present  time, would not  significantly  affect  the

Company's consolidated financial position or future results of operations.
<PAGE>
NOTE H - Industry Segment Data

     Industry segment descriptions on page 1, Company locations on page 32,

and  segment data on page 22 of the annual report are an integral  part  of

these financial statements.

      Sales  for  processed  steel  products and  custom  products  include

$204,338,000 in 1995, $161,602,000 in 1994 and $130,483,000 in  1993  to  a

major  automobile  manufacturer purchasing through decentralized  divisions

and subsidiaries in different geographical areas.
<PAGE>
NOTE I -- Related Party Transactions

The  Company purchases from and sells to affiliated companies, certain  raw

materials and services at prevailing market prices. Sales for fiscal  1995,

1994   and  1993,  totaled  $61  million,  $62  million  and  $55  million,

respectively.  Accounts receivable related to these transactions  were  $12

million  and $9 million at May 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively.   Purchases

for fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, totaled $194 million, $168 million and $157

million,  respectively.   Accounts payable related  to  these  transactions

included   $27  million  and  $22  million  at  May  31,  1995  and   1994,

respectively.
<PAGE>
NOTE J - Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliates

The  Company's investments in affiliated companies which are not majority  owned
or controlled are accounted for using the equity method.  Investments carried at
equity  and  the  percentage  interest owned consist  of  Worthington  Specialty
Processing,  partnership  (50%),  London  Industries,  Inc.  (60%),  Worthington
Armstrong  Venture, partnership (50%), TWB Company, partnership  (50%),  Acerex,
S.A. de C.V. (50%)  and Rouge Steel Company (28%).

     The market value of the Company's investment in the class A common stock of
Rouge  at  May 31 1995, ($23.00 per share) was approximately $108  million.   In
addition the Company owns 1,300,000 shares of class B common stock.  At May  31,
1995,  the  Company's share of the underlying net assets of Rouge  exceeded  the
carrying   amount  included  in  investment  in  unconsolidated  affiliates   of
$79,369,000  by  $9,886,000.   The  excess is being  amortized  into  income  by
increasing equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates using the straight-
line method over 14 years.

      Financial information for affiliated companies accounted for by the equity
method is as follows:

In thousands                        1995         1994         1993
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Current assets                    $569,447     $514,407
Noncurrent assets                  227,315      153,937         
Current liabilities                240,044      267,372         
Noncurrent liabilities             167,915      166,862         
Minority interests                  21,404       21,199         
Net sales                        1,386,824   $1,189,470    $1,070,560
Gross margin                       170,234      106,309        58,700
Net income                      $  122,116   $   64,152    $   15,887

      The Company's share of undistributed earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
included in consolidated retained earnings was $49,265,000 at May 31, 1995.
<PAGE>
NOTE K - Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations
for the years ended May 31, 1995 and 1994:

In thousands,       
except per share               Three Months Ended
                    -----------------------------------------
                        Aug.      Nov.      Feb.        May
-------------------------------------------------------------
1995                                                    
Net sales           $346,257   $363,276   $370,117   $403,919
Gross margin          52,132     58,008     60,392     68,404
Net earnings          25,448     28,264     28,651     34,323
Earnings per share      $.28       $.31       $.32       $.38

1994                                                    
Net sales           $289,890   $295,894   $323,130   $376,220
Gross margin          44,064     43,056     48,179     56,485
Net earnings          19,898     19,412     19,740     25,803
Earnings per share      $.22       $.21       $.22       $.29
<PAGE>
                              Report of Management

The management of Worthington Industries is responsible for the preparation
of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances.
Management is also responsible for the determination of estimates and judgments
used in the financial statements, and the preparation of other financial
information included in this annual report to shareholders.  The financial
statements have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors.

     The management of the Company has established and maintains an accounting
system and related internal controls that it believes are sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition, that transactions are executed and recorded in
accordance with management's authorization and that the financial records are
reliable for preparing financial statements.  The concept of reasonable
assurance is based on the recognition that the cost of a system of internal
control must be related to the benefits derived and that the balancing of
the factors requires estimates and judgments.  Management considers the
recommendations of the internal auditors and independent certified public
accountants concerning the Company's system of internal control and takes
appropriate actions which are cost effective in the circumstances.

     The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee of Directors who are not
members of management.  The Audit Committee meets periodically with the
Company's management, internal auditors and independent certified public
accountants to review matters relating to financial reporting, auditing and
internal control.  To ensure auditor independence, both the internal auditors
and independent certified public accountants have full and free access to the
Audit Committee.

/s/ John H. McConnell
John H. McConnell, Chairman & Founder

/s/ John P. McConnell
John P. McConnell, Vice Chairman & CEO

/s/ Donald G. Barger, Jr.
Donald G. Barger, Jr., Vice President-CFO
<PAGE>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Shareholders and Board of Directors
Worthington Industries, Inc.

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Worthington
Industries,  Inc. and Subsidiaries as of May 31, 1995 and 1994, and the  related
consolidated  statements of earnings, shareholders' equity and  cash  flows  for
each  of  the  three  years in the period ended May 31, 1995.   These  financial
statements   are   the   responsibility  of  the  Company's   management.    Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements  based  on
our audits.

      We  conducted  our  audits in accordance with generally accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing  the  accounting  principles used and significant  estimates  made  by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

      In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in  all  material respects, the consolidated financial position  of  Worthington
Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries at May 31, 1995 and 1994, and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years  in
the  period ended May 31, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.
                                             /s/ Ernst & Young
                                                 ERNST & YOUNG
Columbus, Ohio
June 15, 1995
<PAGE>

<TABLE>

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                                                                        
                                                                                                     
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     
In thousands, except per share       May 31         1995             1994           1993           1992         1991
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL RESULTS

<S>                                              <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>          <C>
Net Sales                                        $1,483,569       $1,285,134     $1,113,242      $971,346     $871,528
Cost of Goods Sold                                1,244,633        1,093,350        938,342       820,587      742,601
                                                 ----------       ----------     ----------      --------     -------- 
Gross Margin                                        238,936          191,784        174,900       150,759      128,927
Selling, General & Administrative Expense            85,102           72,372         68,809        62,402       57,507
                                                 ----------       ----------     ----------      --------     --------
Operating Income                                    153,834          119,412        106,091        88,357       71,420
Miscellaneous Income                                    573              389            598         1,289        1,039
Interest Expense                                     (6,036)          (3,017)        (3,421)       (3,986)      (4,807)
Equity in Net Income of Unconsolidated Affiliates    38,327           18,851          4,587         5,440        7,416
                                                 ----------       ----------     ----------      --------     --------
Earnings From Continuing Operations Before Taxes
  and Accounting Changes                            186,698          135,635        107,855        91,100       75,068
Income Taxes                                         70,012           50,782         39,907        33,069       27,264
Earnings From Continuing Operations Before       ----------       ----------     ----------      --------     --------
    Accounting Changes                              116,686           84,853         67,948        58,031       47,804
  Per Share                                            1.29             0.94           0.76          0.65         0.54
Depreciation                                         34,129           32,385         29,204        26,887       23,843
Cash Provided By Operating Activities                66,401           60,854         65,924        72,905       35,039
Cash Dividends Declared                              37,212           33,161         29,329        27,127       24,054
  Per Share                                          0.4101           0.3669         0.3270        0.3048       0.2706
Capital Expenditures                                $61,485          $46,554        $29,140       $45,120      $63,319
Average Shares Outstanding                           90,730           90,378         89,699        88,990       88,877

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FINANCIAL POSITION

Current Assets                                     $451,902         $413,116       $363,513      $311,247     $275,724
Current Liabilities                                 179,228          161,866        139,791       121,008      107,382
                                                  ---------        ---------       --------      --------     --------
Working Capital                                     272,674          251,250        223,722       190,239      168,342
Net Fixed Assets                                    334,917          307,561        293,392       293,456      275,223
Total Assets                                        916,964          798,573        694,209       627,960      570,225
Long-Term Debt                                       53,476           54,136         55,626        57,345       59,032
Shareholders' Equity                                590,332          503,893        438,188       392,295      359,053
  Per Share                                            6.50             5.56           4.86          4.39         4.05
Total Capital                                      $643,808         $558,029       $493,814      $449,640     $418,085
Shares Outstanding                                   90,840           90,561         90,113        89,308       88,702

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PERFORMANCE COMPARISON

Profitability (After Taxes)
 Return on Net Sales                                    7.9%             6.6%           6.1%          6.0%         5.5%
 Return on Average Total Assets                        13.6%            11.4%          10.3%          9.7%         8.4%
 Return on Average Total Capital                       19.4%            16.1%          14.4%         13.4%        11.9%
 Return on Average Shareholders' Equity                21.3%            18.0%          16.4%         15.4%        13.6%
Financial Condition
 Current Ratio                                          2.5 X            2.6 X          2.6 X         2.6 X        2.6
 Long-Term Debt/Total Capital                             8%              10%            11%           13%          14%
Asset Use
 Inventory Turnover                                     6.0 X            6.4 X          6.4 X         6.1 X        5.0
 Accounts Receivable/Days Sales                          46               43             45            47           45
Growth
 Net Sales                                             15.4%            15.4%          14.6%         11.5%        -4.7%
 Earnings From Continuing Operations
  Before Accounting Changes                            37.5%            24.9%          17.1%         21.4%       -14.6%
Earnings Per Share From Continuing Operations
  Before Accounting Changes                            37.2%            23.7%          16.9%         20.4%       -12.9%
Cash Dividends Declared Per Share                      11.8%            12.2%           7.3%         12.6%         6.7%
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                                                                  
<CAPTION>

Quarterly Volume, Price and Dividend Information
                                                                  
                                                                  NASDAQ              
Fiscal 1994       Shares      Average      Price Earnings         Prices           Cash
Quarter Ended     Traded    Daily Volume    Ratio Range        Low      High     Dividends
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>             <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>      <C>        <C>
August 31       12,384,658      190,533        25-29          $18.50   $21.67     $0.087
November 30     19,720,615      313,026        21-27          $16.75   $21.00     $0.090
February 28     10,159,228      163,859        22-27          $17.25   $21.00     $0.090
May 31           8,686,601      137,883        22-24          $18.25   $20.50     $0.100
                                                                  
Fiscal 1995
Quarter Ended
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
August 31        9,542,161      146,802        19-24          $17.50   $22.00     $0.100
November 30     15,776,732      250,424        19-23          $19.25   $23.50     $0.100
February 28     12,795,463      209,762        17-20          $18.75   $21.75     $0.100
May 31          14,825,214      231,643        15-19          $18.13   $22.38     $0.110

At May 31, 1995 (10,087 Shareholders)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>


Share Trading
Shares of Worthington Industries common stock are traded in the over-the-
counter market as part of the NASDAQ National Market System.  The Company
is identified by the NASDAQ symbol "WTHG" and in most newspaper listings
as "WorthtnInd."

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          MAY-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JUN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               MAY-31-1995
<CASH>                                           2,003
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  218,840
<ALLOWANCES>                                     2,397
<INVENTORY>                                    200,878
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               451,902
<PP&E>                                         589,286
<DEPRECIATION>                                 254,369
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 916,964
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          179,228
<BONDS>                                         53,476
<COMMON>                                           908
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     589,424
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   916,964
<SALES>                                      1,483,569
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,483,569
<CGS>                                        1,244,633
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                1,244,633
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               6,036
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                186,698
<INCOME-TAX>                                    70,012
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            116,686
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   116,686
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.29
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.29
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
