-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 WiL6V0AafiQpeMpXviyIaQxhWRx4KUX7u0SU9W4XHYOfCd9dTg4pdfFvd1Lpga1a
 KbFjvnL2UU6OsPz4Cz6GYA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000793074-96-000002.txt : 19960329
<SEC-HEADER>0000793074-96-000002.hdr.sgml : 19960329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000793074-96-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960328
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WERNER ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000793074
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRUCKING (NO LOCAL) [4213]
		IRS NUMBER:				470648386
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14690
		FILM NUMBER:		96540376

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 37308
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 37308
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4028956640
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                 Washington, D.C. 20549
                                        FORM 10-K
                      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                         OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the year ended December 31, 1995               
Commission file number 0-14690                                              
                                              

                                  WERNER ENTERPRISES, INC.     
                     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

      NEBRASKA                                              47-0648386  
(State or other jurisdiction of                            (I.R.S. employer 
incorporation or organization)                              identification no.)

INTERSTATE 80 & HIGHWAY 50
POST OFFICE BOX 37308
OMAHA, NEBRASKA                      68137                  (402) 895-6640 
(Address of principal              (Zip code)   (Registrant's telephone number)
executive offices)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                     NONE
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                          COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to the Form 10-K.   
                                   [ X ]                    
   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                               Yes  X   No ___

The aggregate market value of the registrant's $.01 par value common stock
held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of March 15, 1996 was $327,902,238
(based upon $23.75 per share closing price on that date, as reported by
NASDAQ).  In making this calculation the registrant has assumed, without
admitting for any purpose, that all executive officers and directors of the
registrant, and no other persons, are affiliates.

As of March 15, 1996, 25,191,916 shares of the registrant's common stock were
outstanding.

Exhibit index is located on page 13.  Portions of the 1995 Annual Report to
Stockholders are incorporated in Parts I, II and IV of this report.  Portions
of the Proxy Statement of Registrant for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held May 14, 1996 are incorporated in Part III of this report.

                              PAGE 1 OF 29 PAGES
<PAGE>
                                            PART I
ITEM  1.  BUSINESS

General

Werner Enterprises, Inc. is a transportation company primarily engaged in
hauling truckload shipments of general commodities in both interstate and
intrastate commerce, with its headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.  References to
Werner or the Company are to Werner Enterprises, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries.  The Company operates throughout the 48 contiguous states
pursuant to operating authority, both common and contract, granted by the
Department of Transportation and pursuant to intrastate authority granted by
various states.  The Company also has authority to operate in eight provinces
of Canada and has through trailer service in and out of Mexico.  The
principal types of freight transported include retail store merchandise,
foodstuffs, beverages and beverage containers, paper products, plastic
products, metal products, lumber and building materials.

Marketing and Operations                                               

Werner's business philosophy is to provide "high service, low cost"
transportation services.  The Company has achieved this by (1) meeting the
special needs of its customers; (2) careful attention to its quality work
force; and (3) operating premium, modern equipment.  Until 1992, the Company
operated in the high-service end of the dry van and flatbed medium-to-long-
haul segments of the truckload market which continues to be the Company's
major revenue source.  In these markets, the Company focuses on shippers who
value the broad geographic coverage, customized services and flexibility
available from a larger, financially stable carrier.  These shippers are
generally less sensitive to rate levels, preferring to have their freight
handled by a few "core" carriers with whom they can establish service-based,
long-term relationships.

In order to strengthen these customer relationships and to provide
opportunities for profitable growth, the Company began expanding into new
markets beginning in 1992.  The Company's management analyzed possible new
markets based on the following criteria:  market size, cost of entry,
potential long-term profitability and synergy with the Company's existing
business.  It was decided to enter into three new markets:  regional short-
haul, temperature-controlled and dedicated fleet services.  Regional short-
haul consists of dry-van freight with a shorter length of haul, generally
around a major metropolitan area or areas.  Temperature-controlled freight
requires specialized van trailers for products which are sensitive to
temperature conditions.  Dedicated fleet services involves assuming total
responsibility for the transportation needs of a specific customer and
generally replacing their private fleet.  In 1993, the Company also began
offering logistics services and rail intermodal transportation services. 
These service offerings build on the Company's existing strengths in its
traditional markets and strategically position the Company to provide a broad
range of transportation services for its customers.  See "Revenue Equipment"
for the number of tractors operated in each of the Company's service
divisions.  

                                      2
<PAGE>
The Company continues to improve its operational efficiencies by applying new
technologies and refining its management processes.  In 1993 the Company
completed installation of two-way, satellite-based communications equipment
in the entire fleet.  This technology streamlines communication between
drivers and the Company.  Customers also benefit from the flexibility and
quick response provided by real-time communications.  The Company's satellite
communication technology is complemented by a load optimization system which
considers factors such as transit time, maintenance, driver needs and
equipment needs in making optimal dispatch recommendations.  The Company also
utilizes Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) which allows customers to network
with the Company to send and track orders, receive billing information, etc. 
In addition, the Company continues to refine its formal quality improvement
program to satisfy customers' needs cost effectively.

The Company has a diversified customer base and is not dependent on a small
group of customers or a specific industry for its freight.  During 1995, the
Company's largest 5, 10 and 25 customers comprised approximately 19%, 25% and
37% of the Company's revenues, respectively.

Seasonality

In the trucking industry, revenues generally show a seasonal pattern as some
customers reduce shipments during and after the winter holiday season.  The
Company's operating expenses have historically been slightly higher in the
winter months due primarily to decreased fuel efficiency and increased
maintenance costs of revenue equipment in colder weather.  However, the
Company attempts to minimize the impact of seasonality through its marketing
program which seeks additional freight from certain customers during
traditionally slower shipping periods.  Revenue can also be affected by bad
weather and holidays, since revenue is directly related to available working
days of shippers.

Employees and Owner-Operator Drivers

As of December 31, 1995, the Company employed 4,542 drivers, 440 mechanics
and maintenance personnel, and 840 management, administrative and support
personnel.  The Company also had contracts with independent contractors
(owner-operators) for the services of 676 tractors that provide both a
tractor and a qualified driver or drivers.  None of the Company's employees
is represented by a collective bargaining unit, and the Company considers
relations with its employees to be good. 

The Company recognizes that its professional driver work force is one of its
most valuable assets.  Over the past four years, several driver retention
programs have been introduced by the Company - including creation of a pay
package that more fairly compensates drivers for work associated with their
job (loading and unloading, extra stops, and layovers, for example).  These
extra pay items are in addition to the drivers' mileage based pay which
increases with a driver's length of service and incentive pay such as a fuel
efficiency bonus and a mileage bonus.  Effective May 1, 1994, the Company
increased the mileage pay for Company drivers by two cents per mile.  This
increase has helped the Company to attract and retain qualified drivers to
meet its growth plans.  Also, a regular schedule of driver/top management
meetings was initiated approximately four years ago to share information and
concerns and seek mutually satisfactory solutions.  As a result of
management's attention to driver retention, the Company has significantly
reduced its driver turnover over the past several years, to a level believed
to be below the industry average.

                                      3
<PAGE>
At times, there are shortages of drivers in the trucking industry,
particularly the long-haul segment.  The Company's management believes that
the number of qualified drivers in the industry has been reduced because of
the Federal License Program implemented during 1992, elimination of federal
funding for driving schools, as well as individual drivers' desire to be home
more often.  The Company anticipates that the competition for qualified
drivers will continue to be high, and cannot predict whether it will
experience shortages in the future.

The Company also recognizes that carefully selected owner-operators
complement its Company-employed drivers.  Owner-operators supply their own
tractor and driver, and are responsible for their operating expenses in
return for a portion of the revenues generated.  Because owner-operators
provide their own tractors, less capital is required for growth.  Also,
owner-operators provide the Company with another source of drivers to support
its growth.  The Company intends to continue its emphasis on recruiting
owner-operators.

Revenue Equipment

As of December 31, 1995, the Company operated 3,674 Company-owned tractors
and had contracts for 676 tractors owned by owner-operators.  The tractors as
of December 31, 1995 were operated in the Company's service divisions as
follows: 2,880 medium-to-long-haul dry vans; 340 medium-to-long-haul
flatbeds; 460 regional short-haul vans;  290 temperature-controlled; and 380
dedicated.  Approximately 70% of the Company's tractors are manufactured by
Freightliner.  This standardization decreases downtime by simplifying
maintenance.  The Company adheres to a comprehensive maintenance program for
both tractors and trailers.  Due to continuous upgrading of the Company-owned
tractor fleet, the average age was 1.5 years at December 31, 1995.  Owner-
operator tractors are inspected prior to acceptance by the Company for
compliance with operational and safety requirements of the Company and the
Department of Transportation.  These tractors are then periodically
inspected, similar to Company-owned tractors, to monitor continued
compliance.

The Company operated 11,060 trailers at December 31, 1995 in the Company's
service divisions as follows: 9,695 dry vans; 759 flatbed; 537 temperature
controlled; and 69 other specialized trailers.  As of December 31, 1995, 96%
of the Company's fleet of van trailers consisted of 53-foot trailers of which
8,827 of these 53-foot trailers are the new "plate" trailer design which
provides more capacity.  Other trailer lengths such as 27-foot and 57-foot
are also provided by the Company to meet the specialized needs of customers. 
The average age of the trailer fleet was 1.9 years at December 31, 1995.

Fuel

Shortages of fuel, increases in fuel prices or rationing of petroleum
products could have a materially adverse effect on the operations and
profitability of the Company.  During a portion of 1993, the Company
experienced a temporary increase in the cost of fuel.  The Company collected
a temporary fuel surcharge from its customers for a majority of this cost
increase.  The Company can not predict when future fuel price increases will
occur or if such fuel surcharges could be used to offset future price
increases.

                                      4
<PAGE>
The Company maintains above-ground and underground fuel storage tanks at
certain of its terminals.  Leakage or damage to these facilities could expose
the Company to environmental clean-up costs.  The tanks are routinely 
inspected to help prevent and detect such problems.

Regulation

The Company is a motor carrier formerly regulated by the Interstate Commerce
Commission (ICC).  The ICC Termination Act of 1995 transferred regulation of
motor carriers to the Surface Transportation Board of the United States
Department of Transportation (DOT), which assumed some of the former
functions of the ICC effective January 1, 1996, generally governing matters
such as registration to engage in motor carrier operations, accounting
systems, certain mergers, consolidations, acquisitions, and periodic
financial reporting.  Motor carrier operations are also subject to safety
requirements prescribed by the DOT governing interstate operation.  The
Company currently has a satisfactory DOT safety rating, which is the highest
available rating.  A conditional or unsatisfactory DOT safety rating could
have an adverse effect on the Company, as some of the Company's contracts
with customers require a satisfactory rating.  Such matters as weight and
dimensions of equipment are also subject to federal, state and international
regulations.  

The federal Motor Carrier Act of 1980 was enacted to increase competition
among motor carriers and limit the level of regulation in the industry
(commonly referred to as deregulation).  The Motor Carrier Act of 1980
enabled applicants to obtain ICC operating authority more easily and allowed
interstate motor carriers to change rates without ICC approval.  This law
also removed many route and commodity restrictions on the transportation of
freight.  As a result, the Company has obtained unlimited authority to carry
general commodities in interstate commerce throughout the 48 contiguous
states.

The Company currently has authority to carry freight on an intrastate basis
in 39 states.  The Federal Aviation Administration Authorization Act of 1994
(the FAAA Act) amended sections of the Interstate Commerce Act to prevent
states from regulating rates, routes or service of motor carriers after
January 1, 1995.  The FAAA Act did not address state oversight of motor
carrier safety and financial responsibility, or state taxation of
transportation.  If a carrier wishes to operate in a state where it did not
previously have intrastate authority, it must, in most cases, still apply for
authority.  The Company is currently in the process of applying for
intrastate authority in several of the remaining states where it does not
currently have such authority.

Competition

The trucking industry is highly competitive and includes thousands of
trucking companies.  The Company competes primarily with other truckload
carriers.  Railroads, less-than-truckload carriers and private carriers also
provide competition, but to a lesser degree.  Deregulation of the trucking
industry in 1980 created an influx of truckload carriers which, with other
factors, created downward pressure on the industry's price structure.  

Competition for the freight transported by the Company is based primarily on
service and efficiency and, to some degree, on freight rates alone.  Few
other truckload carriers have greater financial resources, own more equipment
or carry a larger volume of freight than the Company.  The Company is one of
the five largest truckload carriers in the trucking industry.

                                      5
<PAGE>
ITEM  2.  PROPERTIES

Werner's headquarters is located along Interstate 80 just west of Omaha,
Nebraska, on approximately 210 acres, 171 of which are held for future
expansion.  The headquarters consist of the Company's 108,000 square-foot
office building, a 5,000 square-foot computer center, and 73,000 square feet
of maintenance and repair facilities containing a central parts warehouse,
frame straightening and alignment machine, truck and trailer wash areas,
equipment safety lanes, body shops for tractors and trailers and a paint
booth.  Additionally, the maintenance area includes a drivers' lounge, a
drivers' orientation section and a Company store.

The Company and its subsidiaries own a 22,000 square-foot terminal in
Springfield, Ohio, a 32,000 square-foot facility in Denver, a 18,000 square-
foot facility in Los Angeles, a 31,000 square-foot terminal in Atlanta, and
a 27,000 square-foot terminal in Dallas.  All five locations include office
and maintenance space.  The Company also is constructing a 25,000 square-foot
full-service terminal in Phoenix which is scheduled to open in the Spring of
1996.

Additionally, the Company leases several small sales offices and/or trailer
parking yards in various locations throughout the country.

ITEM  3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is a party to routine litigation incidental to its business,
primarily involving claims for personal injury and property damage incurred
in the transportation of freight.  The Company has assumed liability up to
$500,000 per claim and a $1,000,000 annual aggregate amount of liability
between $500,000 and $1,000,000 for personal injury and property damage
claims.  The Company maintains insurance which covers liability in excess of
this amount to coverage levels that management considers adequate.  The
Company believes that adverse results in one or more of these claims would
not have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
position.  The information set forth in Note (1) "Insurance and Claims
Accruals" on page 20, Note (4) "Insurance and Claims" on page 21 and Note (7)
"Commitments and Contingencies" on page 23 of the Annual Report is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM  4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

During the fourth quarter of 1995, no matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders.   

PART II

ITEM  5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
          AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS     

The information set forth under the captions "Price Range of Common Stock"
and "Dividend Policy" on page 24 of the Annual Report, "Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders' Equity" on page 19 of the Annual Report, and Note
(1) "Common Stock and Earnings Per Share" on page 21 of the Annual Report is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                      6
<PAGE>
ITEM  6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
            
The information set forth under the caption "Financial Highlights" on page 1
of the Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM  7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS 
          OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION              

The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" on pages 13
through 15 of the Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM  8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
              
The information set forth under the captions , "Consolidated Statements of
Income", "Consolidated Balance Sheets", "Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows", "Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity", "Report of
Independent Public Accountants"  and "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements", on pages 16 through 23 of the Annual Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM  9.  DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

No reports on Form 8-K have been filed within the twenty-four months prior to
December 31, 1995, involving a change of accountants or disagreements on
accounting and financial disclosure.

PART III

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report on Form
10-K in that the Company will file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to
Regulation 14A (Proxy Statement) not later than 120 days after the end of the
fiscal year covered by this report on Form 10-K, and certain information
included therein is incorporated herein by reference.  Only those sections of
the Proxy Statement which specifically address the items set forth herein are
incorporated by reference.  Such incorporation does not include the
Compensation Committee Report or the Performance Graph included in the Proxy
Statement.

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to
the Company's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to
the Company's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to
the Company's Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to
the Company's Proxy Statement.

                                      7
<PAGE>
PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K   
                      
(a)  Financial Statements and Schedules.

     (1) Financial Statements -- The information set forth under the
following captions on pages 16 through 23 of the Annual Report is
incorporated by reference.  Page references are to page numbers in the Annual
Report. 
                                                               Page  

     Consolidated Statements of Income                          16
     Consolidated Balance Sheets                                17
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                      18
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity            19
     Report of Independent Public Accountants                   19
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                20-23

      (2)  Financial Statement Schedules -- The consolidated financial
statement schedule set forth under the following caption is included herein. 
The page reference is to the consecutively numbered pages of this report on
Form 10-K.    
                                                               Page

      Report of Independent Public Accountants on Schedule      11        
          Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts      12
                      
      (3)   Exhibits -- The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as
a separate section of this report on Form 10-K (see Exhibit Index).

      (4)   Reports on Form 8-K -- There were no reports on Form 8-K filed by
the Company during the fourth quarter of 1995.
           
FORM 11-K INFORMATION INCLUDED HEREIN RELATED TO
STOCK OPTION AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS

Stock Option Plan

The Company's Stock Option Plan (the Stock Option Plan) is a nonqualified
plan that provides for the grant of options to management employees.  Options
are granted at prices equal to the market value of the common stock on the
date the option is granted.  The options are exercisable over a period
(determined by the Option Committee of the Board of Directors) not to exceed
ten years and one day from the date of grant.  Stock appreciation rights may
also be granted at the same time as participants are awarded stock options. 

Stock appreciation rights are exercisable at a time when the related options
may be exercised.  The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be
optioned under the Stock Option Plan is 2,000,000 shares. Additionally, the
maximum number of shares which may be optioned to any one person under the
Stock Option Plan is 500,000 shares.  Members of the Option Committee are not
eligible to participate in the Stock Option Plan while members of the Option
Committee. 

                                      8
<PAGE>
Current members of the Option Committee are:

            Clarence L. Werner            Irving B. Epstein 
            Werner Enterprises, Inc.      Epstein & Epstein   
            P.O. Box 37308                Suite 123         
            Omaha, NE  68137              10050 Regency Cr. 
                                          Omaha, NE  68114              

            Curtis G. Werner              Martin F. Thompson
            Werner Enterprises, Inc.      5145 S. 184th Plaza
            P.O. Box 37308                Omaha, NE  68135
            Omaha, NE  68137

These persons do not receive compensation for their services as members of
the Option Committee, except outside directors, who receive a fee of $2,000
for each meeting of the Option Committee they attend if not held on a day on
which a meeting of the Board of Directors is held.

The information set forth in Note (6) "Stock Option Plan" on page 22 of the
Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.  No stock appreciation
rights are outstanding.  All employees to whom options were granted were
provided with a copy of the Stock Option Plan's Prospectus, as well as the
Company's most recent Annual Report.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Any person employed by the Company or any subsidiary at least 90 days and who
is employed at least 20 hours per week on a regular basis may participate in
the Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the Purchase Plan).  Eligible 
participants designate the amount of regular payroll deductions and/or a
single annual payment, subject to a $1,950 yearly maximum amount,  that will
be used to purchase shares of the Company's common stock on the Over-The-
Counter Market subject to the terms of the Purchase Plan.  The Company
contributes an amount equal to 15% of each participant's contributions under
the Purchase Plan.  Interest accrues on Purchase Plan contributions at a rate
of 5.25%.  The broker's commissions and administrative charges related to
purchases of common stock under the Purchase Plan are paid by the Company. 
As of December 31, 1995, 480 employees were participating in the Purchase
Plan.  

The administrator of the Purchase Plan is John J. Steele, Vice President -
Controller and Secretary of the Company, Post Office Box 37308, Omaha,
Nebraska  68137.  Mr. Steele has received no compensation for his services as
administrator.  

The broker utilized by the Company to make purchases under the Purchase Plan
is Smith Barney, Inc., 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013.  The
total amount of compensation received by Smith Barney, Inc. from the Purchase
Plan for services in all capacities during the year ended December 31, 1995
was $8,593.  Participants are provided with a copy of the Purchase Plan's
Prospectus, as well as the Company's most recent Annual Report and any
quarterly reports prepared since the Annual Report.

Following each purchase under the Purchase Plan, each participant receives a
statement from the broker detailing the number of shares purchased, the
purchase price, and the accumulated number of shares owned by the
participant.

                                      9
<PAGE>
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 26th day
of March, 1996.
                                 WERNER ENTERPRISES, INC.

                                By:  /s/ Robert E. Synowicki, Jr.        
                                      Robert E. Synowicki, Jr.
                                        Executive Vice President and
                                        Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature                       Position                        Date

/s/ Clarence L. Werner          Chairman of the Board,       March 26, 1996 
Clarence L. Werner                Chief Executive Officer
                                  and Director

/s/ Gary L. Werner              Vice Chairman, President     March 26, 1996
Gary L. Werner                    and Director

/s/ Curtis G. Werner            Executive Vice President,    March 26, 1996
Curtis G. Werner                  Chief Operating Officer
                                  and Director

/s/ Gregory L. Werner           Executive Vice President     March 26, 1996
Gregory L. Werner                     and Director

/s/ Robert E. Synowicki, Jr.    Executive Vice President     March 26, 1996 
Robert E. Synowicki, Jr.          and Chief Financial Officer           


/s/ John J. Steele              Vice President - Controller  March 26, 1996
John J. Steele                    and Secretary


/s/ Irving B. Epstein           Director                     March 26, 1996
Irving B. Epstein


/s/ Martin F. Thompson          Director                     March 26, 1996
Martin F. Thompson


/s/ Gerald H. Timmerman         Director                     March 26, 1996
Gerald H. Timmerman


/s/ Gail M. Werner-Robertson    Director                     March 26, 1996
Gail M. Werner-Robertson


/s/ Donald W. Rogert            Director                     March 26, 1996
Donald W. Rogert
                                      10
<PAGE>

            REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULE

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Werner Enterprises, Inc.:

We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards, the consolidated financial statements included in Werner
Enterprises, Inc.'s annual report to stockholders incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon
dated January 24, 1996.  Our audit was made for the purpose of
forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole.  The
schedule listed in Item 14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K is the
responsibility of the Company's management and is presented for
purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's
rules and is not a part of the basic consolidated financial
statements.  This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audit of the basic consolidated financial
statements and, in our opinion, fairly states in all material
respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole.


                                   ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Omaha, Nebraska,
January 24, 1996


                                      11
<PAGE>
  
                                                                  SCHEDULE II

                                WERNER ENTERPRISES, INC. 
                              

                            VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                     (In thousands)


                                 Balance at  Charged to  Writeoff  Balance at
                                  Beginning  Costs and  of Doubtful    End of
                                  of Period   Expenses   Accounts      Period

Year ended December 31, 1995:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts   $2,791      $606       $157        $3,240

Year ended December 31, 1994:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts   $2,552      $455       $216        $2,791

Year ended December 31, 1993:  
  Allowance for doubtful accounts   $2,444      $360       $252        $2,552




 














                                      12
<PAGE>
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


   Exhibit                                        Page Number or Incorporated
   Number               Description                     by Reference to      

    3(i)(A)    Revised and Amended Articles       Exhibit 3 to Registration
                 of Incorporation                 Statement on Form S-1,
                                                  Registration No. 33-5245

    3(i)(B)    Articles of Amendment to           Exhibit 3(i) to the
                 Articles of Incorporation        Company's report on Form
                                                  10-Q for the quarter ended
                                                  May 31, 1994

     3(ii)     Revised and Amended By-Laws        Exhibit 3(ii) to the 
                                                  Company's report on Form
                                                  10-K for the year ended
                                                  December 31, 1994
                                                   
     10        Amended and Restated Stock         Exhibit 10 to the Company's
                 Option Plan                      report on Form 10-Q for the
                                                  quarter ended May 31, 1994

     13        Incorporated by reference          Page 14 of sequentially
                 sections of Annual Report        numbered pages
                 to Stockholders for the 
                 year ended December 31, 1995

     21        Subsidiaries of the                Page 27 of sequentially
                 Registrant                       numbered pages

     23        Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP     Page 28 of sequentially
                                                  numbered pages

     27        Financial Data Schedule            Page 29 of sequentially
                                                  numbered pages





                                      13
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Financial Highlights

(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
                         
                             1995       1994       1993       1992       1991  

<S>                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Operating revenues         $576,022   $516,006   $418,308   $361,791   $318,478

Income before cumulative 
  effect of change in 
  accounting principle       36,380     36,662     29,964     24,138     18,990
                                                                  
Net income                   36,380     36,662     29,964     23,084     18,990

Earnings per share*            1.45       1.45       1.28       1.06        .83

Cash dividends               
  declared per share            .12        .10        .09        .08        .07
                                                                  
Return on average                                                 
   stockholders' equity*      12.5%      14.1%      15.9%      15.9%      14.4%

Operating ratio               89.4%      88.3%      87.8%      88.7%      89.7%

Book value per share*         12.27      10.97       9.68       7.12       6.17

Total assets                507,679    453,637    373,375    288,664    250,613

Long-term obligations        40,000     30,000       -         7,009     11,592

Stockholders' equity        309,052    276,414    245,004    162,872    140,481


*After giving retroactive effect for the September 1992, two-for-one stock 
 split (all years presented) and before the cumulative effect of a change 
 in accounting principle in 1992.
</TABLE>                                                                  

                             1

                                      14
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION


THE FOLLOWING TABLE SETS FORTH THE PERCENTAGE RELATIONSHIP
OF INCOME AND EXPENSE ITEMS TO OPERATING REVENUES FOR THE
YEARS INDICATED.

                                         1995           1994           1993
<S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>
Operating revenues                      100.0%         100.0%         100.0%

Operating expenses
   Salaries, wages and benefits          36.2           35.6           35.8
   Fuel                                   8.2            8.2            9.8
   Supplies and maintenance               8.8            8.8            8.9
   Taxes and licenses                     8.6            8.7            8.8
   Insurance and claims                   3.5            3.3            3.8
   Depreciation                          10.6           10.4           10.6
   Rent and purchased transportation     13.1           12.1            8.6
   Communications and utilities           1.4            1.8            1.9
   Other                                 (1.0)           (.6)           (.4)
      Total operating expenses           89.4           88.3           87.8

Operating income                         10.6           11.7           12.2
Net interest expense and other             .2             .1.3
Income before income taxes               10.4           11.6           11.9
Income taxes                              4.1            4.5            4.7

Net income                                6.3%           7.1%           7.2%
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
THE FOLLOWING TABLE SETS FORTH CERTAIN INDUSTRY DATA
REGARDING THE FREIGHT REVENUES AND OPERATIONS OF THE
COMPANY.
<CAPTION>
                                             1995     1994     1993     1992     1991
<S>                                       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Operating ratio                              89.4%    88.3%    87.8%    88.7%    89.7%
Average revenues per tractor per week (1)  $2,606   $2,563   $2,507   $2,533   $2,430
Average annual miles per tractor          121,728  120,312  122,304  124,992  121,728
Average miles per trip                        785      835      881      959    1,032
Average revenues per mile (1)              $1.113   $1.108   $1.066   $1.054   $1.038
Total tractors operated (at year end)
      Company owned                         3,674    3,473    3,085    2,678    2,488
      Owner-operator owned                    676      527      442      222       78
         Total tractors                     4,350    4,000    3,527    2,900    2,566

Total trailers operated (at year end)      11,060   10,300    8,420    6,573    5,549
</TABLE>

(1) Net of fuel surcharge revenues.

                             13

                                      15
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

1995 Compared to 1994
   
   Operating revenues increased 12% due primarily to  a  10%
increase  in  the average number of tractors in service  and
increased    revenue   from   intermodal    and    logistics
transportation   services.   Average   miles   per   tractor
increased  1%, mostly due to increased empty miles resulting
from  softer freight demand.  Year over year growth  in  the
Company's  regional short-haul and dedicated fleet divisions
contributed to a 6% decrease in the average miles per  trip,
and  a  17%  increase  in  the total  number  of  shipments,
although  growth  in the regional division was  scaled  back
later  in  1995  as freight demand softened.  The  Company's
operating   ratio  (operating  expenses   expressed   as   a
percentage  of operating revenues) increased from  88.3%  to
89.4%, as described below.
   Salaries, wages and benefits increased as a percentage of
operating  revenues primarily due to a 2 cent per  mile  (or
about  9%)  driver pay increase effective May 1,  1994;  the
retention  of  more  experienced, higher paid  drivers;  and
increased  employee health benefit costs.   These  increases
were   partially  offset  by  reductions  in  the  estimated
liability  for accrued driver payroll of approximately  $2.9
million during 1995.
   Fuel  costs  were comparable to 1994, as slightly  higher
average fuel prices were offset by improved fuel efficiency.
Supplies  and  maintenance costs were also comparable  as  a
percentage   of   operating  revenues,  as  reduced   driver
advertising and tire expenses were offset by increased third-
party loading and unloading costs.  Taxes and licenses  were
slightly  lower as a percentage of operating  revenues,  due
primarily   to   the  effect  of  increased  revenues   from
intermodal and logistics transportation services.
   Insurance and claims expense increased slightly from 3.3%
to  3.5%  of  revenues due principally  to  accident  claims
experience  in  1995. Depreciation increased from  10.4%  to
10.6%  of  revenues  due  primarily  to  the  November  1994
purchase   of   satellite  tracking  equipment   which   had
previously  been  leased, and a higher  average  trailer  to
tractor ratio during 1995, partially offset by the effect of
a change in the estimated salvage value for certain trailers
(See "Property, Equipment and Depreciation" in Note 1 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
   Rent  and purchased transportation increased by  1.0%  of
revenues  due mainly to an increase in the use of intermodal
and  logistics services.  The average percentage  of  owner-
operator  tractors to total tractors was comparable  to  the
prior   year,   and  therefore  did  not  cause  significant
fluctuations  between  years in this expense  category  (see
further discussion of owner-operators in the 1994 comparison
to 1993 described below).
   Communications and utilities decreased from 1.8% to  1.4%
of  revenues, essentially due to the purchase of  previously
leased   satellite  tracking  equipment.   Other   operating
expenses  decreased to (1.0%) of revenues due  to  increased
gains  recognized on the sale of revenue equipment to  third
parties.
   Interest  expense increased from .2% to .4% of  revenues,
due to an increase in the average outstanding amount of long-
term  borrowings.  The Company's effective income  tax  rate
(income tax expense as a percentage of income before  income
taxes) was 39.0% for 1995, compared with 38.9% for 1994,  as
described  in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated  Financial
Statements.

1994 Compared to 1993
   
   Operating revenues grew 23% due to a 19% increase in  the
average  number of tractors in service and revenue per  mile
increases  averaging approximately 4%, net of a 2%  decrease
in  average  annual miles per tractor.  Continued  expansion
into  regional short-haul and dedicated markets caused a  5%
decrease  in  the  average miles per trip, while  the  total
number  of  shipments  increased 25%.  The  operating  ratio
increased from 87.8% to 88.3%, as described below.
  Owner-operator tractors represented a larger percentage of
total tractors during 1994 than during 1993, which caused  a
shift in expenses as a percentage of operating revenues from
the   salaries,  wages  and  benefits;  fuel;  supplies  and
maintenance; taxes and licenses; and depreciation categories
(owner-operators   are  independent  contractors   and   are
responsible for these costs 

                             14

                                      16
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION

under their contracts  with  the
Company;  conversely, the Company incurs such costs  when  a
Company  driver is driving a Company-owned tractor)  to  the
rent and purchased transportation category.
   Salaries, wages and benefits decreased as a percentage of
operating  revenues due primarily to the increase in  owner-
operators, partially offset by the 2 cent per mile (or about
9%) driver pay increase effective May 1, 1994, retention  of
more experienced, higher paid drivers, and other driver  pay
increases. These driver pay increases have continued to help
the Company attract and retain qualified drivers.
  Fuel costs decreased as a percentage of operating revenues
due   primarily  to  the  increase  in  owner-operators  who
purchase their own fuel, as well as improved fuel efficiency
and  slightly  lower average fuel prices  during  the  year.
Supplies  and maintenance decreased slightly as a percentage
of  operating  revenues, as the effect of  the  increase  in
owner-operators was substantially offset by increased driver
advertising,  tolls, and third-party loading  and  unloading
costs. Taxes and licenses decreased slightly as a percentage
of operating revenues due primarily to the increase in owner-
operators,  partially offset by the effect  of  the  Federal
diesel  fuel tax increase of 4.3 cents per gallon  effective
October 1, 1993.
   Insurance and claims expense decreased from 3.8% to  3.3%
of  operating  revenues due principally to   improvement  in
claims handling and experience.  Depreciation decreased as a
percentage  of  operating  revenues  due  primarily  to  the
increase in owner-operators, partially offset by an increase
in the trailer to tractor ratio. Trailer additions were made
primarily  to  improve  service for customers  and  maintain
tractor productivity.
   Other  operating expenses decreased to (.6%) of operating
revenues due to an increase in gains recognized on the  sale
of revenue equipment, primarily tractors.
   The  Company's  effective income tax rate decreased  from
39.7%  in 1993 to 38.9% in 1994, as described in Note  5  of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
   
   Historically,  the Company has relied primarily  on  cash
generated   from   operations  to   fund   working   capital
requirements.
    The  growth  of  the  Company's  business  has  required
significant investment in new revenue equipment. Net capital
expenditures  in  1995, 1994 and 1993  were  $95.5  million,
$117.4  million, and $109.1 million, respectively. The  1995
and  1994 capital expenditures were financed primarily  with
cash  generated  from operations and, to  a  lesser  extent,
borrowings. The 1993 capital expenditures were financed with
cash  generated  from operations and a portion  of  the  net
proceeds  from  the  Company's  October  1993  public  stock
offering.  The  Company has committed to  approximately  $46
million  of capital expenditures (after trade-in allowances)
which   is   a   portion  of  its  estimated  1996   capital
expenditures. The Company expects to fund these expenditures
primarily with cash generated from operations.
   From  time  to time, the Company has and may continue  to
repurchase shares of its common stock. The timing and amount
of such purchases depends on market and other factors.
   The  Company's financial position is strong. The  current
ratio is 1.86. The Company has $40 million of long-term debt
and $309 million in stockholders' equity.
    Based   on  the  Company's  strong  financial  position,
management  foresees  no significant barriers  to  obtaining
sufficient  financing, if necessary, to  continue  with  its
growth plans.

                             15

                                      17
<PAGE>

WERNER ENTERPRISES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                1995        1994         1993
<S>                                         <C>         <C>          <C>
Operating revenues (Note 1)                 $576,022    $516,006     $418,308


Operating expenses:
  Salaries, wages and benefits               208,669     183,851      149,901
  Fuel                                        47,431      42,017       40,936
  Supplies and maintenance                    50,646      45,593       37,223
  Taxes and licenses                          49,636      44,729       36,972
  Insurance and claims                        19,776      17,208       15,876
  Depreciation (Note 1)                       61,195      53,722       44,153
  Rent and purchased transportation           75,229      62,522       35,984
  Communications and utilities                 8,086       9,338        7,926
  Other                                       (5,662)     (3,211)      (1,586)
     Total operating expenses                515,006     455,769      367,385

Operating income                              61,016      60,237       50,923

Other expense (income):
  Interest expense                             2,317         743        1,540
  Interest income                             (1,072)       (649)        (469)
  Other                                          132         161          137
     Total other expense                       1,377         255        1,208

Income before income taxes                    59,639      59,982       49,715
Income taxes (Notes 1 and 5)                  23,259      23,320       19,751

Net income                                  $ 36,380    $ 36,662     $ 29,964

Average common shares outstanding (Note 1)    25,172      25,303       23,427

Earnings per share (Note 1)                    $1.45       $1.45        $1.28
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.

                             16

                                      18
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands, except share amounts)
                                                               December 31
                                                             1995       1994
<S>                                                     <C>        <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents (Note 1)                    $ 16,227   $ 11,660
   Accounts receivable, less allowance of $3,240
      and $2,791, respectively                             57,871     52,522
   Prepaid taxes, licenses, and permits                     7,752      7,826
   Current deferred income taxes (Notes 1 and 5)            6,500      5,000
   Other                                                   12,645     11,168
      Total current assets                                100,995     88,176

Property and equipment, at cost (Note 1)
   Land                                                    16,499     12,276
   Buildings and improvements                              26,471     23,885
   Revenue equipment                                      435,159    401,481
   Service equipment and other                             48,079     41,647
      Total property and equipment                        526,208    479,289
      Less - accumulated depreciation                     119,524    113,828
      Property and equipment, net                         406,684    365,461
                                                         $507,679   $453,637


LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                      $ 15,719   $ 18,564
   Insurance and claims accruals (Notes 1 and 4)           19,073     15,642
   Accrued payroll                                          7,718      9,888
   Income taxes payable                                     3,226      5,659
   Driver escrow                                            3,368      2,958
   Other                                                    5,087      4,576
      Total current liabilities                            54,191     57,287

Long-term debt, net of current maturities (Note 3)         40,000     30,000
Deferred income taxes (Notes 1 and 5)                      75,700     65,500
Insurance and claims accruals (Notes 1 and 4)              26,000     21,300
Other long-term liabilities                                 2,736      3,136
Commitments and contingencies (Note 7)

Stockholders' equity (Notes 1 and 6):
   Common stock, $.01 par value, 60,000,000 shares
      authorized; 25,771,200 shares issued; 25,180,816
      and 25,206,816 shares outstanding, respectively         258        258
   Paid-in capital                                        100,294    100,171
   Retained earnings                                      214,959    181,599
   Less - treasury stock, at cost                          (6,459)    (5,614)
      Total stockholders' equity                          309,052    276,414
                                                         $507,679   $453,637
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.

                             17

                                      19
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)
                                                            1995       1994       1993
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income                                           $  36,380  $  36,662  $  29,964
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
     cash provided by operating activities:
         Depreciation                                     61,195     53,722     44,153
         Deferred income taxes                             8,700     11,800      8,978
         Gain on disposal of operating equipment          (6,921)    (4,042)    (2,667)
         Tax benefit from exercise of stock options          123        107      1,080
         Long-term liabilities                             4,300      1,046      1,004
         Changes in certain working capital items:
            Accounts receivable, net                      (5,349)    (7,219)    (8,089)
            Prepaid expenses and other current assets     (1,403)    (3,659)       336
            Accounts payable                              (2,845)    (5,816)    (2,058)
            Accrued payroll                               (2,170)     2,098      2,349
            Other current liabilities                      1,794     (2,974)    (2,573)
         Net cash provided by operating activities        93,804     99,305     72,477


Cash flows from investing activities:
  Additions to property and equipment                   (131,585)  (145,369)  (125,998)
  Retirements of property and equipment                   36,088     27,950     16,867
         Net cash used in investing activities           (95,497)  (117,419)  (109,131)


Cash flows from financing activities:
  Short-term borrowings                                        -          -     20,000
  Repayments of short-term borrowings                          -          -    (20,000)
  Proceeds from issuance of debt                         (10,000)    30,000          -
  Repayments of long-term debt and capitalized lease
    obligations                                                -     (4,552)    (7,036)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of related
    expenses                                                   -          -     52,182
  Dividends on common stock                               (2,895)    (2,659)    (1,832)
  Repurchases of common stock                             (1,013)    (2,939)         -
  Stock options exercised                                    168        109      1,040
         Net cash provided by financing activities         6,260     19,959     44,354


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                  4,567      1,845      7,700
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year              11,660      9,815      2,115
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                 $  16,227  $  11,660  $   9,815


Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
  Cash paid during year for:
         Interest                                      $   3,294  $     640  $   1,634
         Income taxes                                     15,822     10,508      8,591
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.

                             18

                                      20
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands, except share amounts)
                                                                       (Note 1)
                                                                                               Total
                                                  Common     Paid-In   Retained   Treasury  Stockholders'
                                                   Stock     Capital   Earnings     Stock      Equity
<S>                                             <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
BALANCE, December 31, 1992                      $    235    $ 46,830   $119,636   $ (3,829)   $162,872

Dividends on common stock ($.09 per share)             -           -     (2,134)         -      (2,134)
Exercise of stock options, 147,300 shares              -       1,055          -      1,065       2,120
Proceeds from offering of 2,300,000 shares
   of common stock, net of related expenses           23      52,159          -          -      52,182
Net income                                             -           -     29,964          -      29,964

BALANCE, December 31, 1993                           258     100,044    147,466     (2,764)    245,004

Purchases of 128,600 shares of common stock            -           -          -     (2,939)     (2,939)
Dividends on common stock ($.10 per share)             -           -     (2,529)         -      (2,529)
Exercise of stock options, 12,700 shares               -         127          -         89         216
Net income                                             -           -     36,662          -      36,662

BALANCE, December 31, 1994                           258     100,171    181,599     (5,614)    276,414
                                                              
Purchases of 50,000 shares of common stock             -           -          -     (1,013)     (1,013)
Dividends on common stock ($.12 per share)             -           -     (3,020)         -      (3,020)
Exercise of stock options, 24,000 shares               -         123          -        168         291
Net income                                             -           -     36,380          -      36,380

BALANCE, December 31, 1995                      $    258    $100,294   $214,959   $ (6,459)   $309,052
</TABLE>



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Werner
Enterprises, Inc.:

   We  have  audited  the accompanying consolidated  balance
sheets  of Werner Enterprises, Inc. (a Nebraska corporation)
and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and 1994, and  the
related  consolidated  statements of  income,  stockholders'
equity  and  cash flows for each of the three years  in  the
period  ended December 31, 1995. These financial  statements
are  the  responsibility  of the Company's  management.  Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audits.
   We  conducted  our  audits in accordance  with  generally
accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we
plan  and  perform the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance
about  whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test  basis,
evidence  supporting  the amounts  and  disclosures  in  the
financial  statements. An audit also includes assessing  the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management,  as  well  as evaluating the  overall  financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present  fairly,  in  all material respects,  the  financial
position of Werner Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries as  of
December  31,  1995  and  1994, and  the  results  of  their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three  years
in  the  period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity  with
generally accepted accounting principles.

                             ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
Omaha, Nebraska,
January 24, 1996.

                             19

                                      21
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of Business

  Werner Enterprises, Inc. (the Company) is a transportation
company  operating under the jurisdiction of the  Department
of  Transportation and various state regulatory commissions.
The Company maintains a diversified freight base with no one
customer  or industry making up a significant percentage  of
the Company's receivables or revenues.

Principles of Consolidation

  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
the  accounts  of Werner Enterprises, Inc. and  its  wholly-
owned  subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany  accounts
and  transactions  relating  to  these  entities  have  been
eliminated.

Use of Management Estimates

  The preparation  of consolidated financial  statements  in
conformity  with  generally accepted  accounting  principles
requires  management to make estimates and assumptions  that
affect  the  reported amounts of assets and liabilities  and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the  date
of  the  consolidated financial statements, and the reported
amounts  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the  reporting
period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

  The  Company  considers  all  highly  liquid  investments,
purchased  with a maturity of three months or  less,  to  be
cash equivalents.

Property, Equipment
and Depreciation

  Additions and improvements to property and  equipment  are
capitalized   at   cost,   while  maintenance   and   repair
expenditures are charged to operations as incurred.  At  the
time  of trade-in, the cost of new equipment is recorded  at
an  amount  equal to the lower of the monetary consideration
paid  plus the net book value of the traded property or  the
fair value of the new equipment.

  Depreciation is calculated based on the cost of the asset,
reduced  by its estimated salvage value, using the  straight
line  method. Accelerated depreciation methods are used  for
income  tax purposes. The lives and salvage values  assigned
to  certain  assets  for  financial reporting  purposes  are
different  than  for  income  tax  purposes.  For  financial
reporting   purposes,  assets  are  depreciated   over   the
estimated  useful  lives  of  30  years  for  buildings  and
improvements, 5 to 7 years for revenue equipment and 3 to  8
years for service equipment and other.

  The Company periodically reviews its estimates  related to
the   useful  lives  and  salvage  values  of  its   revenue
equipment. Effective April 1, 1995, the Company changed,  on
a prospective basis, the estimated salvage value for certain
trailers.  This change was to better reflect  the  value  of
used equipment and lower trailer utilization due to a higher
trailer to tractor ratio and a decrease in the average miles
per  trip. The change resulted in a decrease in depreciation
expense of approximately $2,600,000 and an increase  in  net
income of approximately $1,600,000 ($.06 per share) for  the
year ended December 31, 1995.

Tires

  Tires placed on new revenue equipment are capitalized as a
part  of the equipment cost. Replace-ment tires are expensed
when placed in service.

Insurance and Claims Accruals

  Insurance and claims accruals, both current and noncurrent,
reflect the estimated cost for cargo loss and damage, bodily
injury  and  property  damage  (BI/PD),  group  health   and
workers'  compensation  claims,  including  estimated   loss
development  and loss adjustment expenses,  not  covered  by
insurance.  The  costs for cargo and BI/PD are  included  in
insurance  and claims, while the costs of group  health  and
workers' compensation claims are included in salaries, wages
and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Revenue Recognition

  The  Consolidated Statements of Income reflect recognition 
of operating revenues and  related  direct  costs  when  the
shipment is delivered.

Income Taxes

  The Company uses the asset and liability method of 
Statement of Financial Accounting  

                             20

                                      22
<PAGE>
Standards  (SFAS)  No.  109   in
accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax
assets  and  liabilities are recognized for the  future  tax
consequences  attributable to temporary differences  between
the  financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets  and  liabilities are measured using the enacted  tax
rates  expected to apply to taxable income in the  years  in
which  those  temporary  differences  are  expected  to   be
recovered or settled.

Common Stock and
Earnings Per Share

  On September 29, 1993, a special meeting of stockholders was 
held to vote on the Board of Directors' resolution to  amend 
the Company's  Articles of Incorporation  and  increase  the 
number of authorized shares of common stock from  25,000,000
shares to 60,000,000 shares. The resolution was approved  by
the  necessary  affirmative vote of over two-thirds  of  the
outstanding common stock.

  During October 1993, a public offering  of  the  Company's
common stock was successfully completed. The Company sold  a
total of 2,300,000 shares and 1,150,000 shares were sold  by
Clarence  L.  Werner, Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer,
and members of his family. The Company used the net proceeds
from   the  offering  of  $52,182,000  to  repay  short-term
borrowings,  retire  long-term  debt  and  purchase  revenue
equipment.

  Earnings per share have been computed based on the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding.

(2) LEASE OBLIGATIONS

  In September  1992, the Company entered into  a three-year
operating  lease for communications equipment.  In  November
1994,  the  Company purchased this equipment and  terminated
the lease agreement. Communications and utilities expense in
the  accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income includes
$4,247,000   and  $3,923,000  for  lease  of  communications
equipment during 1994 and 1993, respectively.

(3) LONG-TERM DEBT

  The Company had borrowings of $30,000,000 at December  31,
1994.  These borrowings bore variable interest based on  the
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). In January 1995,  the
borrowings  were  refinanced with  a  $30,000,000  long-term
credit  facility.  The  new credit facility  bears  variable
interest (6.15% at December 31, 1995) based on LIBOR or  the
overnight  federal funds rate, at the Company's option,  and
matures  in  January 1999. The new facility requires,  among
other things, that the Company not exceed a maximum ratio of
indebtedness to total capitalization of .6 to 1.

  In June  1995,  the Company borrowed $10,000,000  under  a
separate  long-term  credit facility. This  borrowing  bears
variable  interest  based on LIBOR (6.31%  at  December  31,
1995) and matures in July 1997.

  The  carrying  amount  of  the  Company's  long-term  debt
approximates fair value due to its variable interest rates.

(4) INSURANCE AND CLAIMS

  The  Company annually  reviews  its  public liability  and
property  damage  insurance coverage  in  August.  Effective
August   1992,   the  Company  assumed  responsibility   for
liability up to $500,000, plus administrative expenses,  for
each   occurrence  involving  personal  injury  or  property
damage.  Effective  August 1993, the  Company  also  assumed
responsibility for a $1,000,000 annual aggregate  amount  of
liability   for  claims  between  $500,000  and  $1,000,000.
Liability  in  excess of these amounts  is  assumed  by  the
insurance  carriers  in amounts which  management  considers
adequate.

  The Company's public liability and property damage premiums
for  coverage between $50,000 and $1,000,000 per claim prior
to  August  1992  are  subject to retrospective  adjustments
based  on  actual  incurred  losses  until  all  claims  are
settled.   Management  does  not  expect   any   significant
adjustment will be made to the premiums paid or accrued  for
these policy years.

  The  Company  has  assumed  responsibility  for   workers'
compensation,  maintains a $6,000,000  bond,  has  statutory
coverage  and  has obtained insurance for individual  claims
above $500,000.

  Under these insurance arrangements, the Company  maintains
$10,450,000 in letters of credit, as of December 31, 1995.

                             21

                                      23
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(5) INCOME TAXES
  
  Income tax expense consists of the following (in thousands):

                 1995      1994      1993
Current
  Federal     $12,472   $ 9,364   $ 8,389
  State         2,087     2,156     2,384
               14,559    11,520    10,773
Deferred
  Federal       6,887     9,804     7,920
  State         1,813     1,996     1,058
                8,700    11,800     8,978
Total income
tax expense   $23,259   $23,320   $19,751

  The  effective  income tax rate differs from  the  federal
corporate tax rate of 35% in 1995, 1994 and 1993 as  follows
(in thousands):

                            1995       1994       1993

Tax at statutory rate    $20,874    $20,994    $17,400

State income taxes,
 net of federal tax
 benefits                  2,535      2,699      2,237

Effect of tax rate
 change on deferred
 tax assets  and
 liabilities                   -          -        990

Adoption of SFAS
 No. 109                       -          -       (200)

Other, net                  (150)      (373)      (676)
                         $23,259    $23,320    $19,751

  At  December  31, deferred  tax  assets  and liabilities
consisted of the following (in thousands):

                                              1995      1994
Deferred tax assets:
  Insurance and claims accruals            $17,981   $14,757
  Allowance for uncollectible accounts       1,300     1,116
  Other                                      3,230     3,236
                                           $22,511   $19,109

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Property and equipment                   $87,314   $75,404
  Prepaid taxes, licenses and insurance      3,944     3,767
  Other                                        453       438
                                           $91,711   $79,609

(6) STOCK OPTION AND EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

Stock Option Plan

  The Company's Stock Option Plan (the Stock Option Plan) is 
a nonqualified plan that provides for the grant of options to
management employees. Options are granted at prices equal to
the  market value of the common stock on the date the option
is granted. The options are exercisable over a period not to
exceed  ten  years and one day from the date of  grant.  The
maximum  number  of  shares  of common  stock  that  may  be
optioned under the Stock Option Plan is 2,000,000 shares.

  At December  31, 1995, 699,275 shares were  available  for
granting further options and options for 990,325 shares were
outstanding  at  prices of $6.625 to $24.00  per  share,  of
which  options  for 391,025 shares with a  weighted  average
exercise  price of $11.59 were exercisable. Options  granted
become  exercisable in installments from  six  to  sixty-six
months after the date of grant.

                                    Options Outstanding
                                            Weighted-Average
                                   Shares    Exercise Price

Balance, December 31, 1992         473,400       $  7.44
  Options Granted                  439,750         22.78
  Options Exercised               (147,300)         7.06
  Options Canceled                  (5,750)        22.50
Balance, December 31, 1993         760,100         16.27
  Options Exercised                (12,700)         8.61
  Options Canceled                 (14,000)        21.90
Balance, December 31, 1994         733,400         16.30
  Options Granted                  291,425         19.62
  Options Exercised                (24,000)         7.00
  Options Canceled                 (10,500)        22.50
Balance, December 31, 1995         990,325         17.44


  In October 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards  Board
issued   SFAS   No.   123,   "Accounting   for   Stock-Based
Compensation." This new standard requires all  companies  to
change  their  disclosures related to  employee  stock-based
compensation plans, encourages but does not require a change
in  the  method of accounting for these plans, and  requires
companies who do not change their accounting method to  make
pro forma footnote disclosures of what earnings and earnings
per  share  would  have been had the companies  adopted  the
accounting   method.  Companies  that  do  not   adopt   the
accounting  method will continue to account 

                             22

                                      24
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for these  plans
under   Accounting   Principles  Board   Opinion   No.   25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." The Company  has
elected  not to adopt SFAS No. 123's accounting method,  but
will   instead   comply  with  the  statement's   disclosure
requirements,  which are effective for financial  statements
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995.


Employee Stock Purchase Plan

  Employees meeting  certain  eligibility  requirements  may
participate  in the Company's Employee Stock  Purchase  Plan
(the  Purchase  Plan). Eligible participants  designate  the
amount  of  regular payroll deductions and/or single  annual
payment, subject to a yearly maximum amount, that is used to
purchase  shares of the Company's common stock on the  Over-
The-Counter  Market  subject to the terms  of  the  Purchase
Plan. The Company contributes an amount equal to 15% of each
participant's contributions under the Purchase Plan. Company
contributions  for the Purchase Plan were  $79,977,  $58,072
and  $42,634 for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively. Interest
accrues  on Purchase Plan contributions at a rate of  5.25%.
The  broker's commissions and administrative charges related
to  purchases  of common stock under the Purchase  Plan  are
paid by the Company.

401(k) Retirement Savings Plan

  The Company has an Employees' 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
(the 401(k) Plan). Employees are eligible to participate  in
the 401(k) Plan if they have been continuously employed with
the  Company or its subsidiaries for six months or more. The
Company  matches  a  portion of  the  amount  each  employee
contributes  to  the  401(k)  Plan.  It  is  the   Company's
intention, but not its obligation, that the Company's  total
annual  contribution for employees will equal 2 1/2  percent
of  net income (exclusive of extraordinary items). Salaries,
wages  and benefits expense in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements   of   Income  includes   Company   401(k)   Plan
contributions  and  administrative  expenses  of   $952,129,
$950,740 and $778,344 for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

(7) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

  The Company has committed to approximately $46,000,000  of
capital  expenditures  (net cost,  after  revenue  equipment
trade-in allowances of approximately $28,000,000) which is a
portion of its estimated 1996 capital expenditures.

  The Company  is involved  in certain  claims  and  pending
litigation  arising  in  the  normal  course  of   business.
Management believes the ultimate resolution of these matters
will  not  have a material effect on the financial condition
of the Company.

(8) QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands, except per share amounts)   First Quarter  Second Quarter  Third Quarter  Fourth Quarter
<S>                                             <C>             <C>            <C>             <C> 
1995:
Operating revenues                              $132,434        $143,325       $150,303        $149,960 
Operating income                                  12,598          14,380         17,009          17,029
Net income                                         7,512           8,578         10,125          10,165
Earnings per share                                   .30             .34            .40             .40

1994:
Operating revenues                              $115,993        $129,623       $134,614        $135,776
Operating income                                  11,666          15,436         17,076          16,059
Net income                                         7,178           9,384         10,387           9,713
Earnings per share                                   .28             .37            .41             .38
</TABLE>

                             23

                                      25
<PAGE>
WERNER ENTERPRISES
CORPORATE INFORMATION

Price Range of Common Stock

  The Company's common stock is traded in the NASDAQ National
Market  System  under the symbol WERN. The  following  table
sets  forth for the quarters indicated the high and low sale
prices per share of the Company's common stock in the NASDAQ
National  Market  System  from  January  1,  1994,   through
December 31, 1995.

                     High      Low
1995
Quarter ended:
 March 31           25 3/4    18 47/64
 June 30            21 1/4    17 1/2
 September 30       23        19
 December 31        22        18 1/2

1994
Quarter ended:
 March 31           33 3/4    27
 June 30            30 3/4    24 1/2
 September 30       28 1/4    22 3/4
 December 31        26 1/4    21 1/4

  As of February 29, 1996, the Company's common stock was held
by  305  stockholders  of  record  and  approximately  4,400
stockholders  through nominee or street name  accounts  with
brokers.

Dividend Policy

  The Company has been paying cash dividends on  its  common
stock  following  each  of  its quarters  since  the  fiscal
quarter  ended May 31, 1987. The Company intends to continue
payment  of  dividends on a quarterly  basis  and  does  not
anticipate  any  restrictions on its future ability  to  pay
such dividends.

Corporate Offices
  
  Werner Enterprises, Inc.
  Interstate 80 & Highway 50
  P.O. Box 37308
  Omaha, Nebraska 68137
  Telephone:  (402) 895-6640
  http://www.werner.com
  e mail: werner@werner.com

Annual Meeting

  The Annual Meeting will be held on Tuesday, May 14, 1996 at
10:00  a.m.  in  the  Peter Kiewit Conference  Center,  1313
Farnam Street, Omaha, Nebraska.

Stock Listing

  The Company's common stock is traded in the NASDAQ National
Market System under the symbol WERN.

Independent Public Accountants

  Arthur Andersen LLP
  1700 Farnam Street
  Omaha, Nebraska 68102

Stock Transfer Agent and Registrar
  
  Chemical Mellon Shareholder Services, L.L.C.
  Overpeck Centre
  85 Challenger Road
  Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660

Form 10-K
  A copy  of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K  filed
with  the Securities and Exchange Commission may be obtained
by  calling  or  writing the Investor Relations  Department,
P.O. Box 37308, Omaha, Nebraska 68137, (402) 895-6640.

                             24

                                      26
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 21



                         SUBSIDIARIES OF WERNER ENTERPRISES, INC.


       SUBSIDIARY                                     STATE OF INCORPORATION

1.  Werner Leasing, Inc.                                      Nebraska
2.  Werner Aire, Inc.                                         Nebraska
3.  Gra-Gar, Inc.                                             Nebraska
4.  Drivers Management, Inc.                                  Nebraska
5.  Frontier Clinic, Inc.                                     Nebraska
6.  Fleet Truck Sales, Inc.                                   Nebraska
7.  Professional Truck Drivers School, Inc.                   Nebraska
8.  Werner Transportation, Inc.                               Nebraska
9.  Worley Enterprises, Inc.                                  Nebraska













 .


















                                            27
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                                      EXHIBIT 23





                  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the
incorporation of our reports included and incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed
Registration Statement File Nos. 33-15894 and 33-15895.



                                   ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Omaha, Nebraska,
March 27, 1996






























                                     28
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                          16,227
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   57,871
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               100,995
<PP&E>                                         526,208
<DEPRECIATION>                                 119,524
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 507,679
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           54,191
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                           258
<OTHER-SE>                                     308,794
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   507,679
<SALES>                                        576,022
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               576,022
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  515,006
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 (940)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               2,317
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 59,639
<INCOME-TAX>                                    23,259
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             36,380
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    36,380
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.45
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.45
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
