-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GwgaIVMNg7pDdSIAipFxFEFNHwjJsbqg7UPB/HByDfUjPUmuUNqzKmU4RPbQm/pS
 /M86FFMggZ0ZBRyasvBqMA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000320515-96-000005.txt : 19960701
<SEC-HEADER>0000320515-96-000005.hdr.sgml : 19960701
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320515-96-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19960331
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960628
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZONIC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				310791199
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12283
		FILM NUMBER:		96588356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 WHITNEY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		50 WEST TECHNECENTER DR
		CITY:			MILFORD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45150
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5132481911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PARK 50 TECHNECENTER
		STREET 2:		50 W TECHNECENTER DR
		CITY:			MILFORD
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45150-9777
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                      
                            Washington, D. C. 20549                            

                                   FORM 10-K                                   

                Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of               
                      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                      

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 1996. 
Commission file number 0-12283.

                               ZONIC CORPORATION                               

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Ohio                                     31-0791199    
_______________________________           ________________________
(State or other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)             Identification No.)

Park 50 TechneCenter, 50 W. TechneCenter Drive, Milford, Ohio  45150-9777 
______________________________________________________________________________

(Address of principal executive offices)                        (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code  (513) 248-1911

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                        Common Shares, Without Par Value                       
______________________________________________________________________________
                                 Title of Class

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes __X__       No       

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the 
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements 
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to 
this Form 10-K.  [ ]

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the 
registrant as of March 31, 1996 was $468,296.

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Common Shares as of March 
31, 1996 was 3,044,136.

                        DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the August, 1996 Annual 
Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.

                                 page 1
<PAGE>
                                 PART I

Item 1.  Business.

General

     Zonic Corporation designs, manufactures and markets fully integrated 
standard systems used to analyze and predict noise and vibration 
characteristics of mechanical structures.  The Company utilizes a number of 
technologies in its systems, including digital signal processing, high speed 
multichannel data acquisition and processing, structural modal analysis, noise 
analysis, and computerized machinery monitoring. 

     The Company's systems are used world-wide in engineering testing and 
machinery condition monitoring.  The Company's testing systems are designed to 
enable engineers engaged in the product design process to shorten development 
time and improve product quality by evaluating and redesigning products 
without the cost and delay associated with constructing physical prototypes.  
The Company's monitoring systems allow operators of turbines, compressors and 
other large rotating machinery to monitor wear, schedule maintenance before 
failures occur and optimize operating performance.  The Company's systems have 
also been used in the  field of non-destructive production testing.  These 
systems are designed to provide a cost effective method to improve product 
quality by allowing for one hundred percent inspection of component parts.

Industry-Applications and Technology

     Engineering Testing.  Increasing global competition in the industries 
served by the Company has made the development and introduction of new 
products on a timely, cost effective basis vital to a manufacturer's success.  
As a result, product design engineers are constantly challenged to shorten 
product design cycles and improve product quality.  Computer Aided Engineering 
(CAE) systems are vital tools in helping engineers achieve these goals.

     Lack of noise and vibration are key measures of product quality.  
Traditional methods of assessing noise and vibration characteristics of a 
product involve the costly and time consuming process of building, testing and 
revising physical prototypes.  In contrast, CAE systems allow new products to 
be evaluated and redesigned through the use of computer software.  Once an 
acceptable design has been developed, an actual prototype can be tested to 
confirm the computerized analysis.  This change can significantly reduce the 
amount of time required to design new products.

     Machinery Monitoring Systems (MMS).  Turbines, compressors and other 
types of large, rotating machinery designed to operate continuously for many 
years are used extensively in the petrochemical and power generation 
industries.  Breakdown of the machinery can be extremely expensive, both in 
terms of lost production and repair cost.

                                 page 2
<PAGE>

     Machinery Monitoring Systems utilize high-speed digital signal processing 
technology and sophisticated monitoring software to continuously monitor 
vibration, temperature, pressure and flows in this type of machinery.  Current 
operating characteristics can be compared to a "baseline" obtained when the 
machine was new.  This comparison can be used to monitor wear in bearings, 
blades, and other parts, and to predict failures.  The analysis can be 
conducted automatically without the presence of a skilled engineer at the 
equipment site.  Predictions can be used to schedule maintenance before 
catastrophic breakdowns occur.

     Monitoring large, rotating machinery requires rapid collection, 
management, and analysis of vast amounts of data.  Once this data is 
available, it can be used to monitor the performance and efficiency of the 
machinery.  Machinery Monitoring Systems can be developed to adjust operating 
parameters of the equipment to maximize output and minimize fuel cost.

     Non-Destructive Testing (NDT).  Demands for high quality products are 
forcing manufacturers to find ways to eliminate defects in parts used in the 
assembly of their products.  Interest is growing in using 100 percent parts 
inspection as a method of  accomplishing this goal.  Although a variety of 
techniques are available to inspect parts, vibration analysis systems offer 
several important benefits.  Vibration analysis systems are designed to be 
inexpensive, efficient, and allow detection of cracks and internal flaws in a 
part that cannot be detected by physical inspection.

     When a vibration analysis system is used for non-destructive production 
testing, the vibrational characteristics of an approved part are measured and 
used as a baseline.  As each part is produced, it is tested and compared to 
this baseline.  Parts that do not match can be rejected or more thoroughly 
inspected.

     The Company believes that its expertise in acquisition and analysis of 
vibration data position it well to take advantage of these opportunities in 
the non-destructive testing field.  For example, the Company's systems have 
been used by automotive parts suppliers to conduct non-destructive testing of 
steering knuckles, drive shaft yokes and other automobile components.

Relationships

     In 1988, the Company established a relationship with A&D Company Ltd. 
(A&D), a Japanese instrument manufacturer.  As part of this relationship, 
A&D  acquired a 28% ownership interest in the Company; and the Company and A&D 
engaged in joint product development and marketing efforts.  The Company 
benefited from this relationship, as funding and hardware manufacturing 
expertise supplied by A&D coupled with the Company's expertise in the design 
of hardware and software used in noise and vibration analysis systems enabled 
the Company to expand its product development and marketing efforts, which 
included the World Class Analyzer product line ("WCA Product"), previously 
owned 60% by A&D and 40% by the Company.  

                                 page 3
<PAGE>

     In December 1992, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the 
"Credit Agreement") with A&D, whereby the Company had borrowed up to an 
aggregate of $2,480,000 in loans from A&D.  As consideration for the making of 
loans and issuance of guaranties under the Credit Agreement by A&D, the 
Company granted A&D a stock option for 1,000,000 shares of the Company's 
common stock (the "Common Stock") and executed a Control Agreement (the 
"Control Agreement") whereby the Company granted A&D the right to purchase a 
sufficient number of shares of the Common Stock to give A&D a majority of all 
the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock in the event the 
Company violates the Credit Agreement.

     In June 1995, the Company sold its 40% interest in the WCA Product to 
A&D, the owner of the remaining 60% ownership interest in the WCA Product, 
pursuant to a WCA Rights Sale Agreement.  The Company's ownership interest in 
the WCA Product sold to A&D included intellectual property, know-how, 
drawings, source and machine executable software, manufacturing drawings, 
manufacturing fixtures, manufacturing procedures, and marketing and 
distribution rights.

     The Company sold its 40% interest in the WCA Product for total 
consideration of $2,397,275.  $2,000,000 represents the purchase price and was 
used to repay a portion of existing indebtedness to A&D under the Credit 
Agreement.  The remaining $397,275 constituted accrued but unpaid interest on 
loans made by A&D to the Company which was forgiven by A&D.  The purchase 
price was determined through arms-length negotiation and was based upon the 
following factors: (1) an analysis of estimated WCA Product sales over a five-
year period; (2) a calculation of the Company's 40% interest in the estimated 
WCA Product sales; (3) future interest expense reduction resulting from the 
interest forgiveness and reduced debt outstanding; and (4) the amount of the 
debt reduction. 

     In conjunction with the sale of the Company's interest in the WCA 
Product, the credit limit under the Credit Agreement was reduced from 
$6,000,000 to $4,000,000.  Borrowing by the Company under the Credit Agreement 
currently consists of $3,500,000 in bank loans guaranteed by A&D and $680,000 
in loans made by A&D.  A&D has waived this indebtedness in excess of the 
credit limit as a violation of the Credit Agreement.  The Company has no 
further ability to borrow under the Credit Agreement.  In addition, the 
Control Agreement was terminated, such that A&D no longer has the right to 
purchase a controlling interest in the Company.  (See Note D of Notes to 
Financial Statements.)

     The Company and A&D also entered into an Amendment to the Distribution 
Agreement (the "Amendment") which added the WCA Product to the existing 
Product Distribution Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, between the Company and 
A&D.  Pursuant to the Amendment the Company and A&D agreed to customize 
certain operational features of the WCA Product software and provide the 
Company with technical information and advice.  A&D also granted the Company 
the right to configure, assemble, test and support WCA systems for sale to end 
users or agents, as well as an unlimited license to manufacture all printed 
circuit boards, assemblies and other items which are specific to the 
construction of WCA Portable systems.

                                 page 4
<PAGE>

     In April 1991, the Company entered into a marketing agreement with 
Structural Dynamics Research Corporation ("SDRC"), a leading supplier of 
computer aided engineering software, to market three software products 
developed by SDRC for engineering testing applications.  The use of these 
software products with the Company's Workstation 7000 multichannel signal 
processors enhances the capabilities of these systems in engineering testing 
applications.

In February 1996, the Company entered into an OEM Distribution and 
Confidentiality Agreement (the "Spectral Agreement") with Spectral Dynamics, 
Inc. ("Spectral").  Pursuant to the Spectral Agreement, Spectral markets and 
distributes certain of the Company's manufactured equipment on a non-exclusive 
basis.  The Company and Spectral also agreed in the Spectral Agreement to join 
forces to identify and develop new products.

Products

     Noise and vibration systems require both hardware and analysis software.  
Unlike many of its competitors, the Company designs and manufactures fully-
integrated standard systems that can be used without additional equipment.

     The capability of a noise and vibration analysis system is typically 
ranked by the number of channels of data that can be collected simultaneously.  
A channel generally corresponds to data measured at a single point on a 
structure.  The Company offers a full range of systems from single channel 
systems to those that can acquire over 1,000 channels of data simultaneously.

     Engineering Testing Products.  The Company offers a broad range of 
products for use in Engineering Testing applications.  These products include:

          - Zonic A&D 3527 Portable Analyzer - The 3527 Analyzer is an 
economical, hand held single channel unit used for limited data collection in 
a production plant environment.  The 3527 Analyzer sells for approximately 
$4,000.

          - Zonic A&D 3524/25 Analyzer - These two channel analyzers offer a 
broad range of pre-programmed analysis functions and are particularly useful 
for spectrum and noise analysis.  This product has a price range of 
approximately $15,000 to $25,000.

          - Zonic A&D Series 4000 WCA (World Class Analyzer) - The WCA 
Product can be configured to acquire 2 to 32 channels of data, has a broad 
range of analysis capabilities, and a full color graphical user interface.  It 
is integrated with an Apple Macintosh computer which enables it to provide a 
wide range of display and output options.  A WCA Portable model makes it 
possible to acquire and analyze data at field locations.  The WCA Product 
ranges in price from approximately $25,000 to $100,000.  See "Business - 
Research and Development and Software Construction" for a description of 
research and development costs; "Business - Relationships."

                                 page 5
<PAGE>

          - Zonic Medallion Series Mobile FFT Analyzer - This analyzer is a 
portable, instrument grade, multichannel FFT Analyzer offering an open 
software environment under Microsoft's Windows 95 and NT operating 
systems.  It provides simultaneous FFT analysis on eight input channels and 
one output channel.  This product has a price range of approximately $13,000 
to $20,000.

          - Zonic Workstation 7000 - The Workstation 7000 products generally 
fall into two size categories, smaller systems which can accommodate 8 to 96 
channels of data, and larger systems which can be configured to acquire over 
1000 channels of data.  These products utilize the Company's proprietary 
parallel digital signal processing technology which is designed to give it the 
capability to efficiently acquire, analyze, and manage large quantities of 
data.  The modular design allows the systems to be configured to the customers 
needs.

     The larger 7000 systems' large capacity for data analysis makes it 
particularly useful in testing large structures.  For example, the system is 
used by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ("NASA") to test the 
space shuttle orbiter and other space vehicles for structural integrity.  
These systems sell from $100,000 to more than $2,000,000.

     The smaller 7000 system is used in the automotive and other machinery 
industries to analyze the properties of moderate-sized structures.  These 
systems range in price from approximately $50,000 to $150,000.

     The 7000 is also designed to interface with CAE (Computer Aided 
Engineering) software developed by SDRC.  The SDRC software performs a variety 
of engineering functions including testing.  The 7000 can be used to acquire 
the vibration and acoustical data required by the testing programs in the SDRC 
software.  The Company has a marketing and distribution agreement with SDRC.  
See "Business - Relationships."

          - Zonic PC7000 Multichannel Analyzer and Software Suite - The PC7000 
allows the Workstation 7000 to be operated from a PC using the Windows NT 
operating system and provides the tools to measure, analyze and document noise 
and vibration problems.  This product has a price range of approximately 
$25,000 to $150,000.

          - Zonic XCITE Hydraulic Exciters - The exciter is a key part of 
the process for testing the vibrational characteristics of a structure.  The 
exciter applies known, controlled forces to the structure in order to induce 
vibration, which in turn can be measured and analyzed by one of the systems 
described above.  A variety of XCITE products are offered to provide all types 
of excitation, with a price range of approximately $35,000 to $100,000.  

          - Machinery Monitoring Systems - The Company designs, assembles, and 
markets systems for machinery monitoring.  These products are targeted toward 
large petrochemical processing and electric power generation plants.  Such 
plants have large rotating compressors and generators that may run 
continuously for several years.  Often this equipment is unattended and is 
checked infrequently by maintenance personnel.  

                                 page 6
<PAGE>

     The Company's Machinery Monitoring Systems measure vibrational 
characteristics and operating parameters (pressures, temperatures, speeds, 
etc.) at predetermined intervals.  The systems record, store, organize and 
analyze massive amounts of data.  The systems also perform analytical 
functions to assist maintenance personnel in monitoring the equipment.

The Company's Machinery Monitoring Systems compare current vibrational 
characteristics with a baseline determined when the equipment was new.  Based 
on this comparison, the systems are designed to monitor wear and predict 
possible failure before it occurs.  They can also be programmed to broadcast 
alarms or even shut down the machine if certain parameters exceed 
predetermined levels.  Machinery Monitoring Systems also can be programmed to 
use the operating data they collect to calculate adjustments to operating 
parameters that will maximize efficiency and minimize fuel usage.  

     Because each large petrochemical and power generation plant is unique, 
each Machinery Monitoring System is tailored to measure the operational 
characteristics of specific machines and to meet the needs of each customer.  
Machinery Monitoring Systems prices range from several hundred thousand to 
over $2,000,000 depending on the requirements of the installation.

         - Non-Destructive Production Testing Products - Applications of the 
Company's systems for Non-Destructive Production Testing ("NDT") are numerous.  
This is a growing market as manufacturers look for ways to improve product 
quality.  One way to improve quality is to eliminate defects in component 
parts and assemblies.  The Company's systems can be used for efficient, cost 
effective 100% inspection.  The price of the Company's Non-Destructive Testing 
systems range from approximately $20,000 to $25,000 per production line.

Marketing and Distribution

     The Company markets its Engineering Testing and Non-Destructive Testing 
systems primarily to original equipment manufacturers and suppliers in the 
aerospace and transportation industries, while its Machinery Monitoring 
Systems are marketed primarily to petrochemical manufacturing facilities and 
power generation plants.

     The Company sells its products world-wide.  Export sales accounted for 
56%, 40% and 45% of the Company's net revenue during the fiscal years ended 
March 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.  See Note G of Notes to Financial 
Statements.

     As part of their relationship, the Company and A&D have jointly 
established a marketing network to sell both companies' products in various 
parts of the world.  Zonic A&D Company, a general partnership between the 
Company and a subsidiary of A&D was established in 1988 and markets both 
companies' products in the Western Hemisphere.  A&D sells both companies' 
products in the Japanese market.  The Company sells its own products in the 
remainder of the world.  The Company also has an agreement with Spectral 
whereby Spectral markets and distributes certain of the Company's manufactured 
equipment on a non-exclusive basis.  See "Business - Relationships."

                                 page 7
<PAGE>

     Except as described herein, the Company's products are sold directly 
through independent manufacturers' representatives and agents.  Zonic A&D 
Company employs regional sales managers who handle direct sales and supervise 
the activities of the Company's manufacturers' representatives and agents. 

Major Customers

     During the fiscal year ended March 31, 1996, one customer accounted for 
10% or more of the Company's total revenues totaling $396,000 or 11% of total 
revenues.  (See Note H of Notes to Financial Statements.)  

Manufacturing and Supplies

     In manufacturing its systems, the Company utilizes custom designed 
electronic components, custom machined parts and, to the extent feasible, 
commercially available devices such as integrated circuits, power supplies, 
servo-valves and CRT monitors.  The Company also purchases engineering work 
stations and personal computers which are used in the assembly of its 
products.

     The Company purchases several component parts from single source 
suppliers.  If these single source suppliers are unable to supply the Company 
with needed parts, or to supply them on schedule, material production delays 
could occur.  

Service, Maintenance and Warranty

     The Company provides a one year limited warranty for all hardware 
products, and a ninety day limited warranty for software products.  The 
Company will repair, or at its option replace, defective products returned to 
its Milford, Ohio, location.  The customer must pay shipping expenses.  As an 
alternative, service technicians employed by the Company will provide repair 
service at the customer's location if the customer pays travel expenses.  
Service for products sold overseas is generally provided by the distribution 
company that sells the Company's product in that country.  See "Business - 
Marketing and Distribution."  The Company's warranty expense was 3.1%, 3.0% 
and 2.8% of revenue for fiscal 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.

     The Company also sells extended warranty service contracts.  These 
contracts are for one year and extend the original warranty provisions.  
Owners of extended warranty service contracts are also entitled to receive, 
without additional cost, all software upgrades issued during the year for that 
product.

                                 page 8
<PAGE>
Research and Development and Software Construction

     Research and product development and software construction is an 
important factor in the Company's business.  The Company maintains an internal 
staff of 8 full-time employees for the development of new products and 
software, as well as the improvement and refinement of its present products 
and the expansion of their uses and applications.  There can be no assurance 
the Company will be successful in developing new products or software or 
improving existing products or software.  Moreover, there can be no assurance 
that the introduction of new products or technological developments by others 
will not materially adversely affect the Company's operations.  The Company 
has significantly reduced its research and product development and software 
construction during the last three fiscal years.

     Software construction and product enhancement costs totaling $252,000, 
$276,000 and $738,000 were capitalized during fiscal years 1996, 1995 and 
1994, respectively.  Software construction and product enhancement 
amortization expenses for fiscal years 1996, 1995 and 1994 were $722,000, 
$853,000 and $1,231,000, respectively.  The Company expensed $12,000, $35,000 
and $406,000 for research and product development for fiscal years 1996, 1995 
and 1994, respectively.  In addition, the Company wrote off $79,000 and 
$2,759,000 of previously capitalized costs in the fiscal years ended March 31, 
1996 and 1994, respectively.  See Note A of Notes to Financial Statements.

Patents

     The Company's primary focus in the area of research and development is 
the development of data acquisition, digital signal process electronics, and 
related software.  The Company holds three patents.  In the opinion of 
management, the Company's present position and its future progress are a 
function of the level of excellence and creativity of its technical staff; 
patent protection is useful, but of secondary importance.

Competition

     The Company markets a full range of standard products for use in 
analyzing noise and vibration from single channel systems to systems that 
process over 1,000 channels of data.  There are different competitors in each 
market segment.  See "Business - Products."

     Many of the Company's competitors offer only hardware or software 
components of a noise and vibration analysis system.  Thus, a customer 
purchasing products from those competitors must integrate components in order 
to have the complete system necessary to conduct noise and vibration analysis.  
The Company provides its customers with fully integrated systems that include 
both the hardware and software necessary for the customer to conduct noise and 
vibration analysis.   

     Competition in the market for noise and vibration analysis systems is 
generally based on product features.  Customers select a particular system 
based on how well they perceive it will meet their particular needs.  Price is 
generally a secondary consideration, although the system selected must fit 
within the customer's equipment budget.  The Company has designed its products 
with a wide range of capabilities so that those products will meet a variety 
of customer needs.

                                 page 9
<PAGE>
     Competitors in the market for one and two channel analyzers include 
Hewlett-Packard Corporation, Ono Sokki (a Japanese company), Scientific 
Atlanta Corporation, and Bruel & Kjaer (a Danish company).

     Competitors in the market for the company's mid-range (WCA Product) and 
large (System 7000) analyzers until recently offered either hardware or 
software solutions.  Competitors selling only hardware include Hewlett-Packard 
Corporation and Bruel & Kjaer (a Danish company).  Suppliers of only software 
solutions are Spectral Dynamics Corporation, Vibrant Technology Inc., Leuven 
Measurement Systems NA (a Belgium company), and Structural Dynamics Research 
Corporation.  A combination of hardware from one competitor and software from 
another is required to compete with one of Zonic's integrated systems.  
Recently, Leuven Measurement Systems NA, and Data Physics Corporation, have 
begun to offer turnkey solutions including hardware, software, and system 
integration.

     Competitors in the market for large Machinery Monitoring Systems include 
SKF Corporation and Bentley Nevada Corporation.  Competitors in this market 
may also include custom systems developers who develop specialized one-of-a-
kind systems.

     Several of the Company's and Zonic A&D Company's competitors, including 
the above, have financial, technical, research, distribution and personnel 
resources that exceed those of the Company and Zonic A&D Company.  There can 
be no assurance that the Company and Zonic A&D Company can continue to 
effectively compete against such companies, or that other competitors will not 
emerge.  Competition is intense in all product lines and, in many cases, 
requires significant discounts from list prices being passed on to customers.

Product Backlog

     The Company's product and services backlog of orders believed to be firm 
as of March 31, 1996 and March 31, 1995 were $1,470,000 and $1,574,000, 
respectively.  The backlog for both years includes orders placed by A&D and 
Zonic A&D Company.

     Generally, orders can be processed and shipped on products not requiring 
modifications in 15 to 45 days if requested by the customer.  Certain orders 
are processed and shipped on a longer cycle due to customer delivery requests 
or because of modifications ordered by a customer.  Orders are subject to 
cancellation upon certain conditions.

Employees

     As of March 31, 1996, the Company had 26 employees, exclusive of those 
employed by Zonic A&D Company.  Many of the Company's employees are highly 
skilled.  The Company's continued success will depend in part on its ability 
to attract and retain such employees.  None of the Company's employees are 
represented by a labor organization.  The Company believes its relations with 
its employees are good.

                                 page 10
<PAGE>
Item 2.  Properties.

     The Company's executive offices and manufacturing facilities, and the 
executive offices and sales facilities of Zonic A&D Company, are located at 
Park 50 TechneCenter, 50 West TechneCenter Drive, Milford, Ohio.  The leased 
premises consists of approximately 16,500 square feet of which about 8,000 
square feet is office space.  The lease also provides the Company with the 
option to lease additional contiguous space during the term of the lease.  The 
Company anticipates that this facility will accommodate the Company's needs 
for the near future.  The lease for the premises expires December 31, 2000.  
In September 1993, the Landlord of the leased premises was granted warrants to 
purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company's Common Shares at $2.00 per 
share in consideration of the Landlord waiving payment of all unpaid rent, 
late charges, interest and penalty amounts due and owing from the Company as 
of March 31, 1993 which amounted to $250,000.  The warrants expire on March 
31, 2000.

     Zonic A&D Company occupies approximately 1,000 square feet of these 
premises.  The Company is providing the space to Zonic A&D Company on a rent-
free basis pursuant to the Company's agreement with A&D Co. of Japan.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

     The Company and its subsidiaries occasionally are involved in ordinary 
routine litigation incidental to their business.  Neither the Company nor its 
subsidiaries are involved in any material pending litigation not covered by 
insurance. 

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

     Not Applicable.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market For Registrant's Common Equity
         and Related Stockholder Matters.

     (a)  The Company's Common Shares were traded in the automated quotation 
system of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASDAQ) under 
the symbol "ZNIC".  Effective June 18, 1993, the Company's stock price was no 
longer reported by NASDAQ due to the Company's inability to maintain the 
minimum capital and surplus required by the NASDAQ listing requirements.  

     The Company's Common Shares are currently listed over-the-counter on the 
"OTC Bulletin Board" through the National Daily Quotation Bureau, Inc.; 
therefore, there is only limited trading in the Company's Common Shares.  
Quarterly trading information is not available.  

     (b)  As of March 31, 1996, there were approximately 622 holders of record 
of the Company's Common Shares, without par value, the Company's only class of 
common equity.  On March 31, 1996, there were 3,044,136 Common Shares of the 
Company outstanding.

     (c)  The Company did not pay any dividends during the fiscal years ended 
March 31, 1996 and March 31, 1995.

                                 page 11
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.

     The following financial data is provided for the Company and its 
subsidiaries for the five preceding fiscal years.

                          1996        1995        1994        1993        1992
                          ____        ____        ____        ____        ____

Net revenues        $3,639,982  $4,860,036  $4,629,665  $7,091,400 $10,302,496

Profit (Loss)
before extra-
ordinary item           (9,969) (1,366,481) (6,135,649) (2,871,008)     93,242

Profit (Loss)          387,306     447,648  (6,135,649) (2,871,008)    469,645

Primary Earnings 
Net Profit (Loss)
Per Share               $.13        $.14      $(1.99)      $(.94)       $.15

Fully Diluted           
Earnings (Loss)         
Per Share:              

  Net profit (loss)
  before extra-    
  ordinary item              0       $(.44)     $(1.99)      $(.94)       $.03
                        
  Extraordinary
  item - benefit of                          
  utilization of  
  loss carryforward       $.13        $.58         -0-         -0-        $.12
                        
  Net profit (loss)       $.13        $.14      $(1.99)      $(.94)       $.15
                        
Total Assets        $3,242,766  $4,387,721  $5,628,446 $10,924,800 $11,624,928

Long-term  
obligations             
(including              
long-term               
debt and                
capital                 
leases less
current
maturities)         $4,070,000  $6,018,761  $7,587,311  $7,689,571  $5,711,963

Cash dividends
declared per 
common share               -0-         -0-         -0-         -0-         -0-

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
         Condition and Results of Operation.

     The following Management's Discussion and Analysis should be read in 
conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto which follow.

                                 page 12
<PAGE>

Results of Operations
1996 versus 1995

Revenues

     Total revenues decreased $1,220,000 or 25% in 1996 from the prior year.  
Sales decreased in all product lines with the most significant declines in the 
Company's structural excitation and Machinery Monitoring System product lines 
as the Company experienced delays in receiving orders.  Sales in both periods 
were geographically diverse and not dependent on any one customer nor specific 
region of the world.  (See Notes G and H of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)  Price increases did not have a significant impact on sales.  As 
a percentage of total revenues, sales to domestic customers decreased in 1996 
to 44% compared to 60% in 1995 and 55% in 1994.  A foreign government was the 
Company's largest customer which accounted for 11% of total sales in 1996, 
while the U.S. government accounted for 13% of total sales in 1995.

Cost of Products and Services Sold

     Cost of Products and Services sold as a percentage of revenues increased 
to 52% in 1996 versus 49% in the prior year, mainly due to lower profit 
margins on two Workstation 7000 sales recorded earlier this fiscal year, and 
higher material costs related to WCA sales.

Selling and Administrative Expenses

     Selling and administrative expenses decreased by $471,000 in 1996 from 
the prior year due primarily to lower commissions to sales representatives and 
the reduction of facility related costs.  However, as a percentage of total 
revenue, these expenses increased slightly to 45% in 1996 compared to 43% in 
1995 as the result of revenues being significantly lower in 1996 versus 1995.

Research and Development and Software Construction and Product Enhancement 
Amortization

     Research and development and software construction and product 
enhancement amortization decreased from 888,000 in 1995 to 734,000 in 1996.  
This decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Company's interest 
in the WCA product in June of this year.  Research and development expenses 
decreased to $12,000 in 1996 versus $35,000 in 1995.  The Company capitalized 
certain costs related to significant improvements in its products which are 
incurred after technological feasibility of the product is established.  Such 
costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the improvements.  (See 
Liquidity and Capital Resources which follows and Note A-3 of Notes to the 
Financial Statements.)

Costs Related to Management Change and Product Discontinuance

     In December, 1995, the President and Chief Executive officer of the 
Company resigned.  The Company has accrued certain costs related to the 
resignation.  Also, the Company recorded an expense for the write-off of a 
development project that will not be completed. Costs related to both of these 
events totaled $455,682 (See Liquidity and Capital Resources which follows and 
Note B of Notes to the Financial Statements.)

                                 page 13
<PAGE>
Gain on the Sale of Asset

     In June, 1995, the Company sold its 40% ownership of the WCA Product to 
A&D Company Ltd.  The gain on the sale of this asset was $1,417,027 and is net 
of the unamortized portion of Capitalized Development for the WCA product. 
(See Liquidity and Capital Resources which follows and Note C of Notes to the 
Financial Statements.)

Interest Expense

     Interest expense decreased to $486,000 in 1996 from $750,000 in 1995 due 
to reduced borrowing levels as the result of the Company restructuring its 
bank loans during the fourth quarter of last year and the use of proceeds from 
the sale of its WCA Product to repay debt in June of this year.  The effect of 
this decrease in borrowings was partially offset by interest costs related to 
the sale of trade accounts receivable and higher interest rates earlier this 
year.  Interest capitalized which related to software construction and product 
enhancements amount to $5,000 and $20,000 in 1996 and 1995, respectively.

Foreign Currency Losses

     Foreign currency gains amounted to $131,000 in 1996 compared with a loss 
of $108,500 in 1995.  These gains were due to the increase in value of the 
U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen.

Extraordinary Item-Gain on Debt Restructuring

     In conjunction with the sale of its WCA Product in June, 1995, accrued 
interest totaling $397,275, was forgiven.  This amount represents interest due 
on loans made by A&D Company Ltd. to the Company under the Credit Agreement 
between the Company and A&D Company Ltd. dated December 7, 1992.  There is no 
net tax effect of the gain.  (See Liquidity and Capital Resources which follow 
and Note C of Notes to the Financial Statements.)

Results of Operations
1995 versus 1994

Revenues

     Total revenues increased $230,000 or 5% in 1995 from the prior year with 
revenues from products and services increasing 13% in the comparative periods.  
Sales in both periods were geographically diverse and not dependent on any one 
customer nor specific region of the world.  (See Notes G and H of Notes to 
Financial Statements.)  Price increases did not have a significant impact on 
sales.  As a percentage of total revenues, sales to domestic customers 
increased in 1995 to 60% compared to 55% in 1994.  The US Government was the 
Company's largest customer in both 1995 and 1994 accounting for 13% and 19% of 
total sales respectively.  Significant increases in revenues form the 
Company's Workstation 7000 multichannel analyzer and structural excitation 
products were partially offset by a decline in WCA Product revenue in 1995 
when compared to 1994.

                                 page 14
<PAGE>

     No development contracts or other revenue were recorded in 1994 as 
compared to $338,000 recorded in 1994 because the contracts with A&D Company 
Ltd. generating such revenue were completed in 1994.

Cost of Products and Services Sold

     Cost of Products and Services sold decreased by $68,500 in 1995 from the 
prior year despite an increase in revenue primarily due to the product sales 
mix changes in 1995 from 1994 and improvements in productivity undertaken by 
the Company.  As a percentage of products and services revenue, these costs 
decreased to 49% in 1995 versus 57% in 1994.

Selling and Administrative Expenses

     As a percentage of total revenue, selling and administrative expenses 
decreased to 43% in 1995 compared to 49% in 1994.  Significant reductions in 
employee benefits and facility related costs were realized from the reduction 
of employees and relocation of the Company's offices in prior years.

Research and Development and Software Construction and Product Enhancement 
Amortization.  

     Research and development and software construction and product 
enhancement amortization decreased from $1,638,000 in 1994 to $888,000 in 
1995.  This decrease is primarily attributable to the writedown taken in prior 
periods on the amount of capitalized software and product enhancements 
previously capitalized.  (See Note A of Notes to Financial Statements.)  
Research and development expenses decreased to $35,000 in 1995 versus $406,000 
in 1994.  This decrease relates to a specific project completed in 1994 for 
which there was no similar expense in 1995.  The Company capitalizes certain 
costs related to significant improvements in its products which are incurred 
after technological feasibility of the product is established.  Such costs are 
amortized over the estimated useful life of the improvements.  (See Liquidity 
and Capital Resources which follows and Note A of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)

Bad Debt Expense -- Affiliate.  

     No costs were incurred for affiliate bad debt in the year ended March 31, 
1995.  In 1994, the Company had recognized bad debt expense of $481,000 and 
$200,000 for potential write-offs of accounts receivable due the Company from 
Zonic A&D Ltd. and Zonic A&D Company, respectively.  In 1995, the Company 
reduced operations of Zonic A&D Ltd. and traded through direct agents in 
Europe.  (See Note J of Notes to the Financial Statements.)

Loss from Affiliate.  

     During 1994, the Company recognized a loss of $90,000 for a loan made by 
A&D Company to Zonic A&D Company which the Company assumed.  Also in 1994, the 
Company recorded an allowance of $50,000 for costs associated with the 
possible dissolution of Zonic A&D Ltd.  Those losses are limited to the 
Company's investment in those affiliates and the Company is not committed to 
fund any additional losses.

                                 page 15
<PAGE>

Interest Expense.  

     Interest expense increased to $750,000 in 1995 from $570,000 in 1994 due 
to increases in interest rates and a reduction in the amount of interest 
capitalized related to software construction and product enhancements.  
Interest amounting to $20,000 was capitalized in 1995 as compared to $67,000 
in 1994.

     Foreign Currency Losses.  

     Foreign currency losses amounted to $108,500 in 1995 compared with 
$34,000 in 1994.  These losses are due primarily to the decline in value of 
the dollar against the Japanese yen.

     Extraordinary Item-Gain on Debt Restructuring.  

     In March, 1995, the Company extinguished $2,422,879 of short-term bank 
debt and interest with a cash payment of $600,000 and issuance of warrants for 
350,000 common shares.  The resultant gain of $1,814,129 is net of the 
valuation of the warrants and net of taxes.  (See Note D of Notes to the 
Financial Statements.)

Liquidity and Capital Resources.

     In June 1995, the Company used proceeds from the sale of its rights in 
the WCA Product totaling $2,000,000 to repay debt owed to A&D Company.  
Repayment of the then remaining $480,000 was extended to June 30, 1997.  In 
addition, the Company has received additional short-term loans of $200,000 
from A&D as of March 31, 1996 which are repayable upon the collection of 
certain receivables.  Also, the Company has a $600,000 short-term note payable 
to a bank which is guaranteed by A&D due on September 15, 1996.  The Company 
anticipates that the repayment date will be extended through fiscal 1997.

     Working capital decreased to a negative $1,966,000 as of March 31, 1996 
from a negative $1,457,000 in 1995.  This decline is mainly due to the 
increase in deferred income resulting from billings pursuant to the terms of a 
contract in excess of revenues earned.  The decrease in accrued liabilities 
resulting from the forgiveness of accrued interest during the current year was 
partially offset by accrued costs incurred related to the change in 
management.  Total Current Liabilities increased 15% from $3,264,000 at March 
31, 1995 to $3,742,000 at the end of 1996.

     The Company's operations generated $153,000 of cash in 1996 versus 
$342,000 in 1995, and short-term borrowings from A&D Company less repayment of 
debt obligation provided an additional $177,000 in 1996. The Company realized 
cash proceeds of $606,000 in 1996 from the sale of certain trade receivables.  
(See Note A-8 of Notes to Financial Statements.)  Investments in software 
construction and product enhancement activities used cash of $312,000 and 
$276,000 in 1996 and 1995, respectively. 

                                 page 16
<PAGE>
     The Company continues to experience serious cash flow problems as a 
result of reduced revenues but has been able to reduce certain accrued 
liabilities by reductions in fixed operating expenses as a result of 
facilities relocation and other on-going cost reduction efforts by the 
Company.  The Company is seeking additional sources of working capital either 
through additional debt or equity financing to reduce its accounts payable, 
and make payments on its debt obligations.  If additional working capital 
cannot be obtained, there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue 
as a going concern.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able 
to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all, from any source.  
(See Notes D and N of Notes to Financial Statements.)

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

     Financial Statements included as part of this Report:

Auditors' Report
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 1996, 1995, and 1994
Balance Sheets as of March 31, 1996 and 1995
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 1996, 1995, and 1994
Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
     Years Ended March 31, 1996, 1995, and 1994.
Notes to Financial Statements


Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 
         Financial Disclosure.

Not Applicable.  

                               PART III

Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Part III hereof are incorporated by reference to 
the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders involving the election of directors which will be filed on or 
about July 23, 1996.  The information being incorporated by reference is set 
forth under the captions:  "Outstanding Voting Securities"; "Election of 
Directors"; "Executive Officers of the Company"; and "Executive Compensation."

PART IV
 
Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K.

    (a)   The following documents are filed as a part of this Report or 
          incorporated by reference:

          (1)  All financial statements required to be filed by Item 8 of this 
               Form and included in this Report have been listed previously.

          (2)  Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
Required:

               Zonic A&D Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      
                   Independent Auditors' Report and            
                   Financial Statements for the Years Ended    
                   March 31, 1996 and March 31, 1995

                                 page 17
<PAGE>


Auditors' Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Zonic Corporation
Cincinnati, Ohio

     We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Zonic Corporation as 
of March 31, 1996 and 1995 and the related statements of operations, 
shareholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in 
the period ended March 31, 1996.  These financial statements are the 
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 1996 and 1995 
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended March 31, 1996 in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles.

     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that 
Zonic Corporation will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note N to 
the financial statements, the Company is experiencing difficulty in generating 
sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations and sustain its operations, which 
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  
Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note N.  The 
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the 
outcome of this uncertainty.

by: / s /  Deloite and Touche LLP

Cincinnati, Ohio
June 13, 1996

                                 page 18
<PAGE>
Statements of Operations for the Years
   Ended March 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 . . . .       
                                                  Years ended March 31
                                             1996         1995          1994
                                             ____         ____          ____
Revenues:
   Products and services               $ 3,639,982  $ 4,860,036  $ 4,291,705
   Development contracts and other              -             -      337,960
                                         _________    _________    _________
       Total                             3,639,982    4,860,036    4,629,665
                                        __________    _________    _________

Cost of products and services sold       1,882,848    2,369,965    2,438,493
Writedown of inventory                           -            -      220,000
Selling and administrative expenses      1,642,061    2,113,509    2,286,905
Research and development expenses and 
   software construction and  product
   enhancement amortization                733,770      887,808    1,637,500
Writedown of capitalized software                -            -    2,758,842
Bad debt expense - affiliate                     -            -      681,434
Costs related to management change and 
   product discontinuance                  455,682            -            -
                                         _________    _________   __________
         Total Operating Expenses        4,714,361    5,371,282   10,023,174
                                         _________    _________   __________

Operating loss                          (1,074,379)    (511,246)  (5,393,509)

Gain on sale of asset                    1,417,027            -            -
Loss from affiliate                              -            -     (140,000)
Interest expense                          (486,286)    (749,964)    (569,558)
Other income                                 2,318        3,189        1,702
Foreign currency gains (losses)            131,351     (108,460)     (34,284)
                                         _________    _________   __________

Loss before taxes and extraordinary item    (9,969)  (1,366,481)  (6,135,649)
Provision for income taxes                       -            -            -
                                          ________    _________    _________

          Loss before extraordinary item    (9,969)  (1,366,481)  (6,135,649)

Extraordinary item - gain from debt 
   restructuring, net of taxes             397,275    1,814,129            -
                                          ________     ________    _________

          Net profit (loss)             $  387,306   $  447,648  $(6,135,649)
                                         =========     ========   ==========

Primary earnings (loss) per share       $      .13   $      .14      $ (1.99)
                                         =========     ========   ===========

Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share
     Net loss before extraordinary item $        0   $     (.44)     $ (1.99)
     Extraordinary item - gain from
     debt restructuring, net of taxes          .13          .58            -
                                        __________    _________   __________
          Net profit (loss)             $      .13   $      .14   $    (1.99)
                                           =======     ========      =======
Weighted average:
        Primary shares outstanding       3,081,497    3,094,136    3,080,553
        Fully diluted shares outstanding 3,081,497    3,094,136    3,080,553

Dividends - none in 1996, 1995 or 1994. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 page 19
<PAGE>Balance Sheets as of March 31, 1996 and 1995 .         

Assets 
                                                                 March 31 
                                                             1996        1995
                                                             ____        ____
Current Assets
  Cash                                                   $ 28,951   $  27,222
    Receivables, net of allowance 
          for doubtful accounts
      Trade                                               642,311     494,229
      Related parties                                     334,781     412,302
      Unbilled contracts                                   56,788      73,881
                                                        _________     _______
      Total receivables                                 1,033,880     980,412
        Inventories
          Finished products                               296,762     359,844
          Work in process                                 102,418     118,719
          Raw material                                    309,737     316,894
                                                        _________     _______
      Total inventory                                     708,917     795,457

      Prepaid expenses                                      3,833       4,004
                                                        _________   _________

 Total current assets                                   1,775,581   1,807,095

 
Property and Equipment-at cost 
       Furniture and office equipment                     465,421     484,053
       Machinery and plant equipment                    1,046,580   1,273,631
       Software construction and product enhancements   7,260,451   8,974,113
                                                        _________   _________
                                                        8,772,452  10,731,797
       Less accumulated depreciation and amortization   7,305,267   8,151,171
                                                        _________   _________
                                                        1,467,185   2,580,626

                                                       __________  __________
                                                       $3,242,766  $4,387,721
                                                       ==========  ==========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 page 20
<PAGE>

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 1996 and 1995 (Continued) .         

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)                      
                                                                March 31 
                                                            1996        1995
                                                            ____        ____
Current Liabilities
    Short term notes payable and current maturities 
      of long-term obligations                     $   806,316    $  622,874
    Accounts payable - trade	                          844,685       778,994
    Accounts payable - related parties                 611,823       806,466
    Deferred income                                    792,977       172,969
    Accrued liabilities
      Salaries and wages                               142,813       158,853
      Property and payroll taxes                        86,429       100,900
      Interest                                         111,060       404,714
      Costs related to management change               122,931             -
      Other                                            223,021       218,330
                                                     _________     _________
    Total accrued liabilities                          686,254       882,797
                                                     _________     _________
Total current liabilities                            3,742,055     3,264,100
 

Long-term obligations, less current maturities       4,070,000     6,018,761
 
Deferred rent                                          292,685       354,140
Commitments and Contingencies 

Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
  Preferred shares - authorized, 250,000 shares 
    without par value; none issued or outstanding.
  Common shares - authorized, 9,750,000 shares 
    without par value; issued and outstanding, 
    3,044,136 shares at March 31, 1996 and 
    3,094,136 at March 31, 1995 at stated issue price    61,674       62,674
  Additional paid-in capital                          5,727,881    5,726,881
                                                     __________   __________
                                                      5,789,555    5,789,555

  Accumulated deficit                               (10,651,529) (11,038,835)
                                                     __________   __________

Total  shareholders' equity (deficit)               (4,861,974)   (5,249,280)
                                                     _________     _________

                                                    $3,242,766    $4,387,721
                                                    ==========    ==========


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 page 21

<PAGE>
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years
   Ended March 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 . . . .       
                                                   Years ended March 31
                                               1996        1995         1994
                                               ____        ____         ____
Cash provided by operations
  Net profit (loss) for year              $ 387,306   $ 447,648  $(6,135,649)
  Adjustments to reconcile net profit
        (loss) to net cash provided
        by operating activities:
    Gain from sale of right 
        to software                    $ (1,417,027)          -            -
    Gain from debt restructuring           (397,275) (1,814,129)           -
    Depreciation and amortization            55,126     112,153      189,857
    Amortization of software construction
        and product enhancements            722,039     852,685    1,231,328
    Write-off of costs related to management
        change and product discontinuance   304,573           -            -
    Write-off of capitalized software 
        costs                                     -           -    2,758,842
    Amortization of deferred income        (274,809)   (278,850)    (254,808)
    Bad debts provision (recovery)           17,135     (12,014)     793,434
    Provision for obsolete inventories       36,000      60,000      284,999
    Amortization of stock options            57,888      63,144       63,144
    Loss from affiliates                          -           -      140,000
    Issuance of common shares for 
          services provided                       -           -       18,958
    Foreign currency (gain) loss and other (170,128)    109,751       30,839
    Increase (decrease) in cash due 
          to changes in:
      Receivables                          (225,525)    (17,296)      64,042
      Inventories                          (164,453)    513,260      211,790
      Prepaid expenses                          171       1,379        5,145
      Accounts payable and accrued 
            liabilities                     388,634         486      459,778
      Accrued rent                          (61,455)    (55,450)     (39,788)
      Deferred income and advanced 
           billings to customers            894,817     359,535      266,411
                                          _________      _______       _______
        Net cash provided by operations     153,017     342,302       88,322
                                           
Cash used in investment activities
  Purchase of equipment and leasehold 
    improvements                            (16,134)    (22,171)      (4,137)
  Proceeds from sale of fixed assets              -      41,068            -
  Software construction and product 
      enhancement expenditures             (311,947)   (276,016)    (737,777)
                                          _________     _______      _______
    Net cash used in investment 
      activities                           (328,081)   (257,119)    (741,914)

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities
  Proceeds from short-term notes            300,000     600,000            -
  Proceeds from long-term obligations             -           -      950,000
  Repayment of short-term notes and 
         long-term obligations            (123,207)   (680,647)     (598,214)
                                         _________     _______       _______

    Net cash provided by (used in) 
      financing activities                 176,793    (80,647)      351,786
  
Increase (decrease) in cash                  1,729       4,536      (301,806)
Cash - beginning of period                  27,222      22,686       324,492
                                         _________     _______       _______
Cash - end of period                        28,951  $   27,222    $   22,686
                                           =======     =======      ========
Interest paid during the year 
      (net of amounts capitalized)       $ 325,683  $  419,023   $   439,637
                                           =======     =======      ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 page 22
<PAGE>

Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the
   Years Ended March 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994.     

                                        Additional
                    Common  Preferred      Paid in    Accumulated
                    Shares     Shares      Capital        Deficit      Total

Balance at 
March 31, 1993     $62,195         -    $5,689,652  $(5,350,834)    $401,013

Common shares
issued                 479         -        18,479            -       18,958
Stock warrants
issued                   -         -        10,000            -       10,000
Net loss for year        -         -             -   (6,135,649)  (6,135,649)
Balance at 
                   _______      ____     _________    __________    _________
March 31, 1994    $ 62,674         -    $5,718,131 $(11,486,483) $(5,705,678)

Stock warrants 
issued                   -         -         8,750            -        8,750
Net income
for year                 -         -             -      447,648      447,648
Balance at 
                   _______      ____     _________    __________    _________
March 31, 1995    $ 62,674         -    $5,726,881 $(11,038,835) $(5,249,280)

Common shares
retired             (1,000)        -         1,000            -            -
Net income
for year                 -         -             -      387,306      387,306
                   _______      ____     _________    __________    _________
Balance at
March 31, 1996      61,674         -    $5,727,881  (10,651,529)  (4,861,974)
                   =======      ====     =========   ==========    =========




The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                 page 23
<PAGE>

Notes to Financial Statements  . . . . . . . .    

Note A - Summary of Accounting Policies

     The Company's principal activity consists of the design, manufacture, and 
marketing of data acquisition and analysis systems.  A summary of significant 
accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial 
statements follows:

     1.  Inventories

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Finished 
products and work in process cost is determined principally by the average 
cost method, including material, labor, and overhead associated with inventory 
production. Raw material cost is determined by the first-in first-out method 
(FIFO). Inventories are reduced by allowances for obsolescence totaling 
$199,559 and $344,024 at March 31, 1996 and 1995, respectively.

     2.  Depreciation 

         Depreciation is provided in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of 
depreciable assets to operations over their estimated service lives under the 
straight-line method. Estimated remaining useful lives range from three to 
five years.
 
     3.  Research and Development Expenses, Software Construction, and 
         Product Enhancement 

         Certain software development costs are capitalized when incurred. 
Capitalization of software development costs begins upon the establishment of 
technological feasibility. The establishment of technological feasibility and 
the ongoing assessment of recoverability of capitalized software development 
costs requires considerable judgment by management with respect to certain 
external factors, including, but not limited to, technological feasibility, 
estimated economic life and changes in software and hardware technologies. 
Research and development expenses, including development costs of new products 
and processes, are expensed as incurred.

         Total unamortized costs for software construction and product 
enhancement at March 31, 1996 and 1995 were:

                                                       1996           1995
                                                       ----           ----
Software construction                            $1,188,184     $2,175,337
Product enhancement                                 123,832        268,793
                                                  _________      _________
                                                 $1,312,016     $2,444,130
                                                  =========      =========

                                 page 24
<PAGE>

         Capitalized costs of software construction and product enhancement 
and related information for fiscal years 1996, 1995, and 1994 follow:

                                           1996          1995           1994
                                           ____          ____           ____
Capitalized costs
   Software construction               $246,947     $  255,852    $  892,716
   Medallion                             60,000              -             -
   Interest                               5,000         20,164        67,389
Development funding                           -              -      (222,328)

Amortization     
   Software construction               723,583      1,112,929      1,194,743
   Product enhancement                  99,037        138,928        481,151
   Development funding                (100,581)      (399,172)      (444,566)
              
Reductions of capitalized
   software construction and   
   product enhancement 
   costs                                79,049              -     2,758,842

Research and development
  expenses                              11,731         35,123       406,172

         The reduction of capitalized software construction and product 
enhancement costs in 1996, was due to the write-off of costs related to a 
development project that will not be completed.  The 1996 reduction is 
included in costs related to management change and product discontinuance on 
the accompanyhing statement of operation.  In 1994, a writedown of costs 
occurred due to a reduction in estimated useful lives of certain products 
reflecting management's projection of future revenues.

         In 1996, the Company purchased a new product, Medallion, for $60,000.  
This amount has been included with software construction and product 
enhancement costs on the balance sheet.  Current year capitalized costs 
include amounts related to further development of this product. 

         See Note C of Notes to the Financial Statements for explanation of 
development service funding.

     4.  Income Taxes

         The Company provides for income taxes using the asset and liability 
method required under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 
"Accounting for Income Taxes."  (See Note I of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)

     5.  Use of Estimates

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the 
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and 
expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those 
estimates.

                                 page 25
<PAGE>

     6.  Joint Ventures

         The Company, along with A&D Co. Limited of Japan (A&D), have 
established two jointly-owned entities, Zonic A&D Company, an Ohio general 
partnership, and Zonic A&D Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of the 
United Kingdom, to conduct marketing activities with respect to the Company's 
and A&D's products in the Western Hemisphere and Europe, respectively. The 
Company's interest in the income and losses of these two entities is accounted 
for under the equity method of accounting. Under this method, the Company's 
net income for a particular accounting period includes its proportionate share 
of the net income or losses reported by these entities during that period to 
the extent of its investment. (See Note J of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)

     7.  Revenue Recognition 

         The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment for contracts which are 
completed and shipped within one fiscal quarter. The Company recognizes 
revenue using the percentage of completion method for those contracts which 
production spans more than one fiscal quarter and are significant to the 
financial statements.

         Under the percentage of completion method, revenues are recognized 
based on the ratio of total cost incurred at the balance sheet date to total 
estimated cost of the project through completion. 

         The Company sells extended warranty contracts which provide for 
repair of hardware and no-cost upgrades of software. These contracts normally 
cover a one year period with revenue being recognized on a straight line basis 
over the contract period.

     8.  Credit Risk

         The Company is diversified geographically and has a broad customer 
base. The Company grants credit to substantially all of its customers. Export 
sales are generally secured with a letter of credit in favor of the Company 
payable on shipment. Management believes bad debt losses resulting from 
default by a single customer, or defaults by customers in any depressed region 
or business sector, would not have a material effect on the Company's 
financial position. (See Notes G and H of Notes to the Financial Statements.) 

         At March 31, 1996 the Company had an allowance for doubtful accounts 
of $1,165,889, including $1,094,988 relating to receivables from affiliates. 
At March 31, 1995 such allowances amounted to $1,148,754, including $1,094,988 
related to affiliate receivables. (See Note J of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)

         During 1996, the Company began selling certain trade receivables 
which require payment of a fee based on the period of time the account remains 
unpaid by the customer.  The Company retains substantially the same credit 
risk as if the receivables had not been sold.  Cash proceeds from the sale of 
trade receivables during the year were $605,728.  At March 31, 1996, the 
amount of receivables sold which remain uncollected from customers was 
$66,699.  The Company has received $56,694 from the sale of the receivable and 
such amount has reduced the amount of receivables reported on the balance 
sheet.
                                 page 26
<PAGE>

         In addition to the related party receivables discussed in Note J, the 
Company had accounts receivable from major customers, each of which was in 
excess of 10% of the Company's total accounts receivable, as follows:

                                         Number of        Percent of Gross
                                         Customers     Accounts Receivable
                                         _________     ___________________

March 31, 1996                                   2                     56%
March 31, 1995                                   3                     39%

9. Stock Based Compensation

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 123 - Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation during 
fiscal 1996.  The standard defines a fair-value-based method of accounting for 
stock-based compensation, but permits compensation expense to continue to be 
measured using the intrinsic-value-based method previously used.  The Company 
intends to continue measuring compensation expense using the intrinsic-value-
based method and under the provisions of the standard, which must be adopted 
in fiscal 1997, will be required to make pro forma disclosures of net income 
and earnings per share as if the fair value method had been used.  Such pro-
forma information has not yet been obtained for 1996.

     10. Earnings Per Share

     Earnings per common and common equivalent share were based on the 
weighted average number of common shares and common equivalent shares 
outstanding during each period. Exercise of options is not assumed when the 
effect would be anti-dilutive.

Note B - Resignation of President and Product Discontinuance

     On December 27, 1995, the Board of Directors of the Company accepted the 
resignation of Gerald J. Zobrist as President and Chief Executive Officer 
effective December 31, 1995.  At the same time, the Board of Directors elected 
James B. Webb to succeed Mr. Zobrist as President and Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company.  Mr. Zobrist retains his ownership in the Company, less 50,000 
shares which he surrendered to the Company without compensation, remains on 
the Company's Board of Directors, and no longer personally guarantees any 
loans under the Credit Agreement with A&D Company Ltd.  However, Mr. Zobrist 
continues to guarantee past due rents under the Company's prior facilities 
lease agreement.  (See Note F of Notes to the Financial Statements.)  The 
Company has recorded $156,640 as costs related to his resignation.  Also, in 
connection with the change in management the Company recorded an expense of 
$299,042 for the write-off of a development project that will not be 
completed.  At March 31, 1996, related accrued costs were $122,931.

                                 page 27

<PAGE>

Note C - Sale of Asset

     In June 1995, the Company sold its 40% ownership interest in the WCA 
Products to A&D Company, Ltd. (A&D), who previously owned the remaining 60% 
interest in WCA.  Proceeds from the sale were $2,000,000 which resulted in a 
pre-tax gain of $1,417,027.  The gain on sale of this asset is net of the 
unamortized portion of Capitalized Software Construction and Product 
Enhancement for the WCA product.  These proceeds were directly applied to 
reduce loans owed to A&D Company, Ltd.  Included in the terms of sale was the 
forgiveness of accrued interest on these loans amounting to $397,275 or $.13 
per share, which was recorded as an extraordinary item.  In addition, 
modifications to the Credit Agreement were made, and A&D appointed the Company 
as exclusive distributor of the WCA Product in the Western Hemisphere. (See 
Note D of Notes to the Financial Statements)


Note D - Short-Term Note Payable and Long-Term Obligations

     Short-term note payable and long-term obligations at March 31 consist of 
the following:
                                                    1996               1995
                                                    ____               ____
 
Notes Payable to Banks                       $ 4,100,000        $ 4,100,000
Notes payable to A&D                             770,000          2,570,000
Value of stock options issued in connection
 with notes payable to A&D (net)                       -            (57,888)
Capitalized lease 
     obligations & other                           6,316             29,523
                                               _________          _________
                                               4,876,316          6,641,635
Less current maturities                          806,316            622,874
                                               _________          _________
                                              $4,070,000         $6,018,761
                                               =========          =========

In June 1995, the Company used proceeds from the sale of its ownership 
interest in the WCA Product to repay $2,000,000 of loans payable to A&D which 
were made under a Credit Agreement dated December 7, 1992.  At the same time 
modifications to the Credit Agreement included a reduction in the Company's 
maximum allowable indebtedness to A&D and loan guarantees by A&D from 
$6,000,000 to $4,000,000, elimination of the Control Agreement as defined in 
the Credit Agreement which granted A&D the right to purchase a sufficient 
number of shares of the Company's common stock to give A&D a majority of all 
outstanding shares, and the extension of the due date of the then remaining 
$480,000 due to A&D to June 30, 1997.

                                 page 28
<PAGE>


     The Company's ability to request additional advances or guarantees under 
the Agreement terminated March 31, 1996, but has been extended for an 
additional one year period by mutual consent of the parties.  The Agreement 
also provides that A&D under certain circumstances and using their sole 
reasonable judgement may declare the Company in default of the Agreement if 
the Company is not achieving the desired results from the Plan of 
Restructuring or the occurrence of certain other events, resulting in the 
loans becoming due immediately.

     As consideration for entering into the Agreement, the Company granted A&D 
a stock option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company's stock at $2.00 
per share.  This option is exercisable until all outstanding loans and 
guarantees is equal to $3,000,000 or less and the Company can no longer 
request loans as advances under the Agreement.  The Agreement is 
collateralized by all the assets of the Company and contains several negative 
covenants that the Company must comply with including restrictions on assuming 
additional indebtedness and the issuance of stock options to directors and 
officers.  The terms of the Agreement provide that A&D will be able to 
exercise significant influence on the Company's operations and policies.

     Gerald Zobrist, the former President of the Company, personally 
guaranteed loans received under the Agreement.  This guarantee was terminated 
upon his resignation in December of 1995.  As consideration for this 
guarantee, he received an option to purchase 140,000 shares of the Company's 
common stock at $2.00 per share.  This option expires December 7, 2002.

     The option issued to A&D and the Company's President were valued by an 
independent appraiser at $.18 per share, or $205,200.  This amount has been 
recorded as a reduction of long-term debt and credited to paid-in capital in 
the accompanying statements and has been amortized to interest expense on a 
straight line basis from December 7, 1992 through March 31, 1996.  
Amortization included in interest expense amounted to $57,888 in 1996, and 
$63,144 in both 1995 and 1994.

     At March 31, 1996, the Company's aggregate indebtedness to A&D and 
guaranteed by A&D under the Agreement exceeded $4,000,000.  A&D has waived 
this violation and has notified the Company that it has no intention to 
declare loans made under the Agreement payable before April 1, 1997.

     Notes payable to A&D amounting to $680,000, including $480,000 payable 
June 30, 1997, bear interest at the prime rate plus 1%.  At March 31, 1996, 
the prime rate was 8.25%.

     In 1994, the Company assumed a $90,000 short-term loan due A&D from Zonic 
A&D Company which is not part of the Agreement.  The loan bears interest at 4% 
and the due date has been extended to April 1, 1997.

     In March 1995, the Company recorded an extraordinary gain of $1,814,129, 
or $.58 per share from the extinguishment of long-term bank debt.  The Company 
extinguished $2,422,879 of interest and principal for an immediate payment of 
$600,000 and the issuance of warrants for 350,000 share of common stock.  At 
the time of the extinguishment of debt, the Company was in compliance with all 
the covenants of the loan agreement.

                                 page 29
<PAGE>


     A $600,000 short-term note payable to a bank which is guaranteed by A&D 
bears interest at 1.50% over the Federal Funds rate, adjusted and payable on a 
quarterly basis.  The rate at March 31, 1996 was 7.18%.  Principal and 
interest are due on September 15, 1996.  (See Note J of Notes to the Financial 
Statements.)

     A $3,500,000 bank loan guaranteed by A&D is payable April 1, 1997 and 
requires interest payments quarterly at 1.25% over the Federal Funds rate.  
(See Note J of Notes to the Financial Statements.)  The Federal Funds rate at 
March 31, 1996 and 1995 was 5.63% and 6.50%, respectively.

The Company has leased certain equipment through capital leases.  The leased 
property for 1996 and 1995 had a cost of $93,658 and accumulated amortization 
of $83,847 and $64,224, respectively.

     Notes payable and capital lease obligations mature as follows:

                                           Notes Payable  Capital Leases

     1997                                    $   800,000        $  6,316
     1998                                      4,070,000              -

     Fair value of financial instruments has not been provided for notes 
payable and long-term debt as it is not practicable to estimate such fair 
values as such instruments are being transacted with related parties or are 
guaranteed by related parties.  The Company has not recently secured debt from 
unrelated parties and accordingly cannot estimate, with reasonable certainty, 
the rate available to the Company or even if market debt would be provided at 
all.  All other financial instruments are carried at an amount approximating 
their fair value.

                                 page 30

<PAGE>

Note E - Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)

     The Company has certain incentive and non-qualified stock option plans 
available to key employees to purchase common stock of the Company at not less 
than the market value on the date of grant. A summary of option transactions 
during 1996, 1995 and 1994 follows:

                                               Number of            Options
                                                 Options        Price Range

     Outstanding at March 31, 1993             1,602,892          63 - 4.00
     Granted in 1994                             432,500         .65 -  .72
     Exercised in 1994                                 0                  -
     Forfeited in 1994                          (270,000)        .65 - 4.00

     Outstanding at March 31, 1994             1,765,392         .63 - 3.875
     Granted in 1995                               8,000                .31
     Exercised in 1995                                 0                  -
     Forfeited in 1995                          (121,642)        .65 - 3.875
 
     Outstanding at March 31, 1995             1,651,750         .31 - 3.875
     Granted in 1996                             190,000         .34 -  .50
     Exercised in 1996                                 0                  -
     Forfeited in 1996                           (89,750)        .65 - 2.00

     Outstanding at March 31, 1996             1,752,000         .31 - 3.875

     Exercisable at March 31, 1996               543,750         .31 - 3.875
 
     At March 31, 1996, there were 499,500 incentive options and 1,252,500 
non-qualified options outstanding and 70,750 shares were available for 
granting additional options.

     During 1994, the Company issued warrants for 100,000 common shares in 
connection with the renegotiation of the lease for its facilities. The 
warrants are exercisable at $2.00 per share and expire on March 31, 2000. None 
of these warrants have been exercised.

     During 1995, the Company issued warrants for 350,000 common shares, with 
a market value of $8,750, in connection with the extinguishment of certain 
long-term debt obligations. These warrants are exercisable for $2.00 per share 
and expire on March 31, 2000. None of these warrants have been exercised.

     At March 31, 1996 the Company has reserved common shares sufficient to 
cover the exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants.

                                 page 31

<PAGE>

Note F - Operating Lease Commitments

     In 1995, the Company relocated its operations. The new facilities lease 
agreement results in a reduction of rent payments from the 1994 amounts. This 
lease expires in December, 2000. Deferred rent arising from incentives and 
concessions from the landlord was $292,685 and $354,140 at March 31, 1996 and 
1995, respectively, including $142,399 of past due rent related to the lease 
agreement signed in 1993. These amounts are amortized as a reduction of rent 
payments charged to expense over the remaining life of the lease. 

     In addition, the Company also leases furniture, fixtures, and computer 
equipment under operating leases.

     The minimum future rental commitments under operating leases are as 
follows:

     1997        $229,347
     1998         206,124
     1999         193,344
     2000         193,344
     2001         145,008

     Rent expense including deferred rent for 1996, 1995, and 1994 was 
$132,885, $205,591, and $258,852, respectively. 

Note G - Foreign Sales

     The Company had foreign sales as follows:

                                                                  Percent of
                                                      Amount     Total Sales
     1996                                        $ 2,027,000             56%
     1995                                          1,957,000             40%
     1994                                          2,103,000             45%

Note H - Sales to Major Customers

     The Company had sales to major customers as follows:

                                                                 Percent of
                                       Customers      Amount    Total Sales
     1996                                  1        $396,000            11%
     1995                                  1         619,000            13%
     1994                                  1         875,000            19%

     Sales to major customers (customers with sales in excess of 10% of total 
annual sales) include products and services sold to end-user customers through 
the Company's exclusive selling agents for their respective geographic 
territories. These selling agents include related parties described in Note J 
of Notes to the Financial Statements. Sales of large systems to end-users 
represent relatively high percentages of sales. However, the Company is not 
dependent on any one customer for future sales.

     A foreign government was the Company's largest customer in 1996, while 
the  U.S. Government was the major customer in 1995 and 1994.

                                 page 32
<PAGE>

Note I - Federal Income Taxes

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes. 
Deferred tax assets have been reduced by a valuation allowance, as it is 
uncertain when these benefits will be realized. Although the Company realized 
profits in 1996 and 1995, there was no provision for income taxes as the 
result of changes in deferred tax assets and the related valuation allowance 
during the year. 

Deferred taxes at March 31 consist of the following:

                                                         1996           1995
                                                         ____           ____
Current deferred tax asset:
  Reserves not currently deductible                 $   484,015  $   533,297
  Deferred revenue                                       50,726       41,237
  Accruals not currently deductible                      77,412       89,451
                                                       ________     ________
    Total                                               612,153      663,985
  Less valuation allowance                             (612,153)    (663,985)
                                                       ________     ________
  Net                                               $         -  $         -
                                                       ========     ========
Non-current deferred tax asset:
  Net operating loss carryforward                   $ 2,205,360  $ 2,029,953
  Research, development, and 
  investment tax credits                                667,278      674,613
  Write-off and reserve for software construction 
         and product                                    370,139      555,209
    Deferred Income                                      99,877      120,771
                                                       ________    _________

      Subtotal                                        3,342,654    3,380,546
                                                     __________    _________
Non-current deferred tax liability:
   Loss from affiliates                               (164,696)     (195,475)
   Capital leases and accelerated depreciation          (3,838)       (3,146)
                                                      __________   _________

      Subtotal                                        (168,534)     (198,621)

Net non-current deferred tax asset                   3,174,120     3,181,925
Less valuation allowance                            (3,174,120)   (3,181,925)
                                                     __________    _________

Net                                                $         -  $          -
                                                     ==========    ==========

                                 page 33
<PAGE>

The provision for income taxes for the years ended consist of the following:

                                              1996         1995         1994
                                              ____         ____         ____

Deferred expense                          $ 59,637    $ 153,137    2,000,798
Reduction in the valuation reserve         (59,637)    (153,137)  (2,000,798)
                                            ______      _______    _________
Provision for income taxes                $      -    $       -  $         -
                                           =======      =======    =========

     At March 31, 1996 the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of 
approximately $6.5 million for U.S. Federal tax purposes. Such loss 
carryforwards, if unused as offsets to future taxable income, will expire 
beginning in 2001 and continuing through 2011. 

     Tax credits are accounted for under the flow-through method as a 
reduction of the provisions for income taxes in the year utilized.

     The Company has $667,278 of tax credits primarily comprised of research 
and development available for U.S. income tax purposes. These credits expire 
at various dates beginning in 1997 and continuing through 2008.

Note J - Related Party Transactions and Bad Debt Expense-Affiliate

     The Company has developed a significant relationship with A&D, a 29% 
shareholder.  

     In October 1988, the Company and A&D Engineering Inc., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of A&D, formed a joint venture, Zonic A&D Company, to distribute 
all of the Company's products, and A&D's spectrum analysis instruments in the 
Western Hemisphere. The Company and A&D each have 50% ownership interest and 
share the results of operations equally. Under the joint venture agreement, 
the Company loaned $500,000 and A&D loaned $2,801,500 to Zonic A&D Company to 
fund operating costs. The Company accounts for its investment using the equity 
method of accounting and as such recognizes losses only to the extent it is at 
risk for funding such losses. During 1994, the Company assumed a loan on 
behalf of Zonic A&D Company of $90,000, and recognized a loss for the same 
amount. The Company is not required to provide any additional funding, but 
would recognize losses up to its funded amount if it did so. The Company's 
investment in Zonic A&D Company was $0 at March 31, 1996 and 1995 as a result 
of this accounting treatment. The joint venture agreement also permits the two 
parties to charge Zonic A&D Company for expenses incurred by them on its 
behalf.

     During 1995, Zonic A&D Company repaid notes payable to A&D totaling 
$2,691,000. The source of funds for the repayment was a capital contribution 
from A&D Engineering, Inc.  The remaining notes payable and unpaid interest to 
A&D and to the Company were forgiven and contributed as capital. There was no 
effect on the Company's statement of income as these receivables had 
previously been written off.

     In 1991, the Company and A&D founded Zonic A&D Ltd. in the United 
Kingdom, to distribute the products of both companies in Europe. Each partner 
has a 50% ownership interest and shares the results of the operation equally.  
The Company contributed capital and made a loan totaling $485,000 and 
recognized losses to the extent of its investment in the affiliate. No losses 
have been recorded by the Company since 1992.

                                 page 34
<PAGE>
     Due to continuing losses, the partners of Zonic A&D Ltd. have 
significantly reduced the operations of Zonic A&D Ltd. and now distribute 
products in this market directly from their respective operations. None of the 
amounts due the Company are considered collectable and have been fully 
reserved in 1996 and 1995. In addition, a liability of $50,000 was recorded in 
1994 for potential liabilities associated with the reduction of operations, of 
which $28,125 remains as of March 31, 1996. Management does not expect to 
incur any additional liability associated with the reduction of this 
operation.  The operations of Zonic A&D Ltd. are not significant to the 
Company's financial statements.

     The Company recognized bad debt expense of $681,434 in 1994, to provide 
for potential write-offs of accounts receivable due the Company from its 
affiliates.  $481,434 of this amount is related to amounts due from Zonic A&D 
Ltd. and the remaining $200,000 is related to amounts due from Zonic A&D Co. 
The total reserve against affiliate receivables at March 31, 1996 and 1995 was 
$1,094,988. There was no bad debt expense related to affiliates in 1996 or 
1995.

     The Company had the following amounts due from/to related parties at the 
balance sheet dates:

                                                      March 31     March 31
                                                          1996         1995
                                                      ________     ________
Receivable from:
   A&D                                             $       974     $ 20,322
   Zonic A&D Company                                   471,375      529,548
   Zonic A&D Limited                                   957,420      957,420
                                                     _________    _________
      Total                                          1,429,769    1,507,290
Allowance for doubtful accounts                     (1,094,988)  (1,094,988)
                                                     _________    _________
Net receivables                                     $  334,781   $  412,302
                                                      ========     ========
Accounts payable-A&D                                $  611,823   $  806,466
                                                      ========     ========

     During 1996 and 1995, the Company purchased from Zonic A&D Company 
accounts receivable of $1,903,227 and $3,090,143, respectively, due from end-
user customers in exchange for forgiveness of accounts receivable due from 
Zonic A&D Company.

                                 page 35

<PAGE>

     The summarized balance sheets of Zonic A&D Company at March 31, 1996 and 
1995 and the results of operations for the years then ended follows:

Zonic A&D Company
Balance Sheets

                                                          1996       1995
                                                          ____       ____
Assets
   Current assets                                   $    1,104  $   1,611
   Fixed and other assets                               18,226     46,946
                                                      ________   ________
   Total assets                                     $   19,330  $  48,557
                                                      ========   ========
Liabilities and Deficit 
   Current liabilities                              $  559,114  $ 635,169
   Net deficit in owners' capital                     (539,784)  (586,612)
                                                      ________   ________
   Total liabilities and deficit                    $   19,330  $  48,557
                                                       =======    =======

Statements of Operations

Net revenue                                         $  353,346  $ 545,932
Net expenses                                           306,518    449,302
                                                       _______    _______
Net Income                                          $   46,828  $  96,630
                                                       =======    =======

     The following summarizes revenues from sales by the Company to A&D, Zonic 
A&D Company, and Zonic A&D Ltd. in the aggregate:


                                         1996          1995           1994
                                         ____          ____           ____

Sales for resale to end-users      $2,040,206   $ 3,207,032    $ 3,099,921

Development contracts and other             -             -        337,960

Total                              $2,040,206   $ 3,207,032    $ 3,437,881


     The Company sells products to these related parties at its normal gross 
profit margins for items resold to customers. The Company also sells 
demonstration equipment to the related parties at cost.

     The Company pays commissions to Zonic A&D Company and Zonic A&D Ltd. for 
sales made through the related entities to end-users. Commission expense for 
1996, 1995, and 1994 was $353,346, $545,932, and $577,397, respectively.

     The Company also purchases components from A&D used principally in the 
production of its WCA product line. Such purchases totaled $301,889, $218,990, 
and $522,876, for 1996, 1995, and 1994 respectively.

                                 page 36
<PAGE>
     The Company has charged Zonic A&D Company and Zonic A&D Ltd. for certain 
costs incurred on their behalf amounting to $53,560, $66,322, and $109,440, 
for 1996, 1995, and 1994, respectively.

     In May 1990, the Company entered into a research and development 
agreement with A&D totaling approximately $1,600,000. The Company has a 40% 
ownership interest and A&D has a 60% ownership interest in the products 
developed under this agreement. The two parties share profits on this product 
line relative to their respective ownership percentage. Pursuant to this 
agreement, the Company recorded revenue related to the funding from A&D for 
the project of $324,369 in 1994.

Note K - Retirement Plan

     The Company has an employee savings and investment retirement plan 
qualified under sections 401 (a) and 401 (k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The 
plan covers all employees of the Company age 18 and over who have completed 
three months of service and are scheduled to work 1,000 hours or more during 
the plan year. 

     Under the Plan agreement the Company is required to contribute 30 percent 
of the voluntary 401 (k) contribution of all participants up to a maximum of 
5% of each employee's salary. One half of this contribution may be made in 
Company stock at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors.

     In any plan year, a supplemental contribution may be made if the Company 
has a net after tax profit of more than 5% of sales.

     The Company made contributions of $14,040 and $15,432 for 1996 and 1995, 
respectively.  The Company recorded a liability of $20,088 in 1994 for 
contributions which were paid in 1995.  None of the contributions were made in 
Company stock.


Note L - Statement of Cash Flows

     In addition to those shown in the statement of cash flows or elsewhere 
within these footnotes, the following non-monetary transactions occurred:

        1) The Company offset accounts payable owed to A&D with accounts 
receivable from A&D in 1996 and 1995. This offset reduced both current assets 
and current liabilities by $156,326 and $62,004 in 1996 and 1995, 
respectively, resulting in no gain or loss.

        2) The Company reduced accounts payable and increased deferred rent in 
1995 by $142,399 in conjunction with signing a new lease facilities agreement.

        3) The Company issued warrants for 350,000 common shares in 1995 in 
connection with the extinguishment of long-term debt. Additional paid in 
capital was increased by $8,750 as the result of this transaction. (See Note D 
of Notes to the Financial Statements.)

                                 page 37

<PAGE>

Note M - Percentage of Completion Contracts

     With regard to contracts in progress, the Company has recognized the 
following through March 31:

                                               1996               1995
                                               ____               ____

Total revenue recognized                   $  91,531         $ 617,349
Total billings                               732,810           543,468
                                             _______           _______
Under (Over) billed receivables            $(641,279)        $  73,881
                                             =======           =======
Total costs incurred                       $  42,518         $ 267,855


     Billings, as specified in the terms of a contract, and in excess of 
revenue earned have been recorded as deferred income.  Unbilled receivables at 
March 31, 1996 totaling $57,000 are amounts retained by the Company's 
customers pursuant to the terms of their contracts.    

Note N - Basis of Financial Statement Presentation

     The Company has prepared a business plan for fiscal 1997 which 
contemplates improved cash flow during the third and fourth quarters due 
primarily to an increase in revenue and the benefit of continuing cost 
reduction measures achieved to date. Specific to this business plan are 
increases in sales of specific products, constant level of staff, and 
expenditures for product development equal to 1996.  A&D has made short-term 
loans to the Company during the first quarter of fiscal 1997 and the 1997 
business plan requires additional short-term borrowings from A&D during the 
second quarter.  All of these loans are scheduled for repayment by the end of 
the third quarter of fiscal 1997.

     As the result of operating losses incurred in 1996, 1995, and 1994, the 
Company continues to experience cash flow problems, but has been able to 
improve on the aging of its accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities 
during 1996 through improved inventory turnover and the overall reduction of 
operating expenses. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared 
assuming that the Company will continue as a going-concern which contemplates 
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal 
course of business.  The financial statements do not include any adjustment 
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or 
the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should 
the Company be unable to generate sufficient cash to meet its obligations and 
sustain operations. 

Note O - Fourth Quarter Adjustments

     During the fourth quarter of 1994, a charge of $1,959,000 was recorded 
for the writedown of capitalized software construction and product enhancement 
costs. The adjustment was necessary to reflect management's estimate of the 
net realizable value resulting from the decline in revenue of certain products 
and the effects from products no longer marketed by the company.  No such 
adjustments were necessary in 1996 or 1995.

                                 page 38

<PAGE>
ZONIC A&D COMPANY 
(a Partnership)
Financial Statements for the Years Ended March 31, 1996 and 1995 and 
Independent Auditors' Report

ZONIC A&D COMPANY
TABLE OF CONTENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995
Page
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT                                          40
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ZONIC A&D COMPANY AS OF MARCH 31, 1996 AND 
  1995 AND FOR THE YEARS THEN ENDED:
  Balance Sheets                                                      41
  Statements of Operations and Partners' Deficit                      43
  Statements of Cash Flows                                            44
  Notes to Financial Statements                                       45

                                 page 39

<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
To the Partners of
  Zonic A & D Company

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Zonic A & D Company (the 
Partnership) as of March 31, 1996 and 1995, and the related statements of 
operations and partners' deficit and of cash flows for the years then ended.  
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's 
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial 
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of 
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence 
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant 
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial 
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of March 31, 1996 and 
1995, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then 
ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the 
Partnership will continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 5 to the 
financial statements, the excess of Partnership liabilities over its assets 
raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.  
Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 5.  The 
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the 
outcome of the uncertainty.

As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Partnership has 
significant transactions with one of the partners and, as a result, the 
accompanying financial statements may not necessarily be indicative of the 
conditions that would have existed or the results of operations if the 
Partnership had operated without the assistance of the partners.

by: / s / Deloitte and Touche LLP

Cincinnati, Ohio
June 13, 1996

                                 page 40
<PAGE>

ZONIC A&D COMPANY (a Partnership)

BALANCE SHEETS

MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995

ASSETS                                               1996             1995
                                                     ____             ____
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash                                        $       247      $     1,211
  Accounts receivable                                 857              400
                                               __________       __________
          Total current assets                      1,104            1,611
                                               __________       __________
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, AT COST: 
  Furniture and equipment                          66,783           70,350
  Vehicles                                         32,839           50,806
                                               __________       __________
          Total                                    99,622          121,156

  Accumulated amortization                        (96,476)        (116,212)
                                               __________       __________
         Property and equipment, net               3,146            4,944
                                               __________       __________
DEMONSTRATION EQUIPMENT, AT COST
  Equipment                                       502,051          510,079
  Reserve for obsolescence                       (486,971)        (468,077)
                                               __________       __________
           Demonstration equipment, net            15,080           42,002
                                               __________       __________

TOTAL ASSETS                                   $    19,330      $    48,557
                                               ==========       ==========

                                 page 41
<PAGE>

ZONIC A&D COMPANY (a Partnership)
 
BALANCE SHEETS

MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' DEFICIT                    1996              1995
                                                     ____              ____
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Accounts payable:
    Trade                                    $      33,898      $    34,990
    Partners                                       471,375          529,548
                                                __________       __________
          Total accounts payable                   505,273          564,538
                                                __________       __________
  Accrued liabilities:
    Salaries and wages                              14,081           11,813
    Property and payroll taxes                       3,650            5,209
    Commissions                                     19,962           39,181
    Interest - A&D Engineering, Inc.                13,684           13,684
    Other                                            2,464              744
                                                __________       __________
          Total accrued liabilities                 53,841           70,631
                                                __________       __________
          Total current liabilities                559,114          635,169
                                                __________       __________

PARTNERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT):
  Zonic Corporation                             (1,498,963)      (1,522,377)
  A&D Engineering, Inc.                            959,179          935,765
                                                __________       __________
          Total partners' deficit                 (539,784)        (586,612)
                                                __________       __________
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' DEFICIT      $      19,330      $    48,557
                                                ==========       ==========

See notes to financial statements.

                                 page 42
<PAGE>

ZONIC A&D COMPANY (a Partnership)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND PARTNERS' DEFICIT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995

                                                          1996          1995
                                                          ____          ____

NET PRODUCT SALES                                 $  1,903,227   $ 3,090,143
                                                    ==========     ==========
COMMISSION INCOME                                 $    353,346   $   545,932
                                                   __________     __________
EXPENSES:
  Selling and administrative expense                   278,634       412,331
  Depreciation and amortization expense                  3,223         3,203
  Provision for demonstration equipment obsolescence    24,661        33,768
                                                    __________    __________
           Total expenses                              306,518       449,302
                                                    __________    __________

NET INCOME                                              46,828        96,630

CONTRIBUTIONS BY PARTNERS DURING THE YEAR                    -     3,763,006

PARTNERS' DEFICIT, Beginning of year                  (586,612)   (4,446,248)
                                                    __________     _________

PARTNERS' DEFICIT, End of year                    $   (539,784)   $ (586,612)
                                                    ==========     =========

See notes to financial statements.

                                 page 43
<PAGE>

ZONIC A&D COMPANY (a Partnership)

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995

                                                          1996        1995
                                                          ____        ____
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

  Net income                                         $  46,828   $   96,630
                                                      ________     __________
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to 
      net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                        3,223        3,203
    Provision for demonstration equipment obsolescence  24,661       33,768

Gain on exchange of equipment in lieu of 
      commission payment                               (10,790) 
    Other                                               (1,404)      (3,924)

    Change in assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable                                 (457)         285
      Demonstration equipment                                        10,980
      Other assets                                                    1,754
      Accounts payable                                 (59,265)    (127,019)
      Accrued liabilities                               (3,760)     (17,310)
                                                      ________     ________
          Total adjustments                            (47,792)     (98,263)
                                                      ________     ________
          Net cash provided by operating activities       (964)      (1,633)
                                                      ________     ________


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

  Proceeds from sale of equipment                                     2,500

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Capital contributions from partner                              2,691,500
  Repayment of notes payable                                     (2,691,500)
                                                     _________   __________
          Net cash from financing activities                 -            -
                                                     _________   __________


NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                           (964)         867

CASH, Beginning of year                                  1,211          344
                                                     _________    _________
CASH, End of year                                   $      247   $    1,211
                                                     =========    =========
See notes to financial statements.

                                  page 44
<PAGE>

ZONIC A&D COMPANY

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 1996 AND 1995

1.  ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Organization - In October 1988, Zonic Corporation (an Ohio corporation 
hereafter referred to as Zonic) and A&D Engineering, Inc. (a California 
corporation), which is an affiliate of A&D Company, Limited of Tokyo, Japan 
(hereafter referred to as A&D), formed an Ohio partnership called Zonic A&D 
Company (the Partnership). This partnership is a sales and marketing joint 
venture, the purpose of which is to market Zonic products and A&D spectrum 
analysis instruments in North and South America.  These products consist 
primarily of data acquisition, analysis and computer graphics systems.  Zonic 
and A&D Engineering, Inc. each have a 50% ownership in the Partnership which 
is based on a one year automatically renewable agreement unless terminated 
six months in advance of the renewal date.

     Demonstration Equipment - Demonstration equipment includes inventory 
items in the custody of salesmen or potential customers and is stated at the 
lower of cost or market.  Cost is determined principally by the specific 
identification method.  The cost of demonstration equipment is amortized over 
a five-year period.  Amortization stops at the time the unit is sold.

     Use of Estimates - Preparation of the financial statements requires the 
use of estimates, none of which have a material effect on the financial 
statements.

     Depreciation - Provisions for depreciation of property and equipment are 
computed over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using the straight-
line method.

     Income Taxes - Zonic A&D Company is a partnership.  As such, income 
taxes are the responsibility of the individual partners and, accordingly, are 
not reflected in the financial statements.

     Fair Value of Financial Instruments has not been provided for partners 
accounts payable as it is not practicable to estimate such fair value as such 
instrument is being transacted with related parties.  The Company has not 
recently secured debt from unrelated parties and accordingly cannot estimate, 
with reasonable certainty, the market rate available to the Company or even 
if market debt would be provided at all.  All other financial instruments are 
carried at an amount approximating their fair value.

2.  CONTRIBUTION OF CAPITAL

     On September 30, 1994 A&D Engineering Inc. forgave the Partnership's 
note payable of $110,000 and contributed additional capital of $2,691,500.  
The contribution was used by the Partnership to repay a note payable to A&D.  
The forgiveness of the note payable was recorded as a capital contribution.  
As part of this transaction, A&D also agreed to forgive accrued interest of 
$309,074.  The forgiveness of this liability was also recorded as a capital 
contribution.  Additionally, Zonic made a capital contribution of $652,432 in 
the form of forgiveness of the notes payable of $590,000 and accrued interest 
of $62,432.

                                 page 45
<PAGE>
3.  NOTES PAYABLE

     As described in Note 2, all notes payable were repaid or forgiven as of 
March 31, 1995.

     While outstanding, the notes payable to A&D and Zonic accrued interest 
at a rate of 4% per year, while the note payable to A&D Engineering, Inc. 
accrued interest at 8% per year.  In accordance with the partnership 
agreement, the interest is payable upon termination of the partnership.  
During 1996 and 1995, interest expense related to all notes payable was 
waived.  In addition, interest accrued related to the notes payable to A&D 
and Zonic was forgiven in 1995. The partners have not committed to make any 
additional loans or advances.

4.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     As described in Note 1, the Partnership sells only Zonic and A&D 
products.  The partnership agreement requires that all products sold by this 
Partnership be purchased from Zonic.  In addition, the Partnership 
occasionally purchases equipment from Zonic for demonstration purposes.  
There were no purchases of demonstration equipment in 1996 or 1995.

     The Partnership earns commissions from Zonic equal to 20.0% (23.5% in 
1994) of the Partnership's purchases of Zonic and A&D products provided the 
sale carries a minimum gross margin dependent upon product.  All commissions 
are reduced in direct proportion to the respective gross margins when they 
are less than the minimum gross margins.  The Partnership earned commission 
income of $353,346 and $545,932 in 1996 and 1995, respectively.

     The partnership agreement also requires the Partnership to pay Zonic a 
management fee for its administrative and consulting services.  The 
management fee was waived for 1996 and 1995.

     The partnership agreement permits Zonic and A&D Engineering, Inc. to 
charge the Partnership both direct expenses and an allocation of their 
selling and administrative expenses.  Both partners waived these charges for 
1996 and 1995.

     Zonic provides office space to the Partnership at no cost.

     The Partnership had the following amounts due to related parties at 
March 31:

                                                     1996            1995
                                                     ____            ____

Accounts payable                              $   471,375     $   529,548
Accrued interest payable                           13,684          13,684  

                                 page 46
<PAGE>

5.  GOING CONCERN

     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going 
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction 
of liabilities in the normal course of business  The Partnership's 
liabilities exceed its assets and cash flows are dependent upon Zonic.  
Therefore, the Partnership's continuation is dependent upon Zonic's ability 
to generate sufficient cash flow to meet it's obligations to the Partnership 
and others on a timely basis or to obtain additional financing from outside 
sources.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to 
the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount 
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the 
Partnership be unable to continue.  In 1995, Zonic assumed responsibility for 
the sales management and marketing areas at no additional cost to the 
Partnership.  Management is of the opinion that Zonic will continue to meet 
its obligations and sustain operations from cash flows from increased sales 
and reduced operating costs.

6.  RETIREMENT PLAN

     All employees of the Partnership are covered by a defined contribution 
plan sponsored by Zonic (the Sponsor).  Such plan is an employee savings and 
investment retirement plan qualified under Sections 401(a) and 401(k) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.  The plan covers all employees of the Company age 18 
and over who have completed three months of service and are scheduled to work 
1,000 hours or more during the plan year.

     The Partnership is required to make a contribution equal to 30 percent 
of the voluntary 401(k) contribution of all participants up to a maximum of 
5% of each employee's salary.  One half of this contribution may be made in 
the Sponsor's stock at the discretion of the Sponsor's Board of Directors.  
The Partnership expensed $1,262 and $1,008 for 1996 and 1995, respectively.

     In any plan year, a supplemental contribution may be made if the Sponsor 
has a net after tax profit of more than 5% of sales.  No such contributions 
were made in 1996 or 1995.

7.  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

     The Partnership offset accounts payable with accounts receivable from a 
related party in the amount of $353,346 and $545,932 at March 31, 1996 and 
1995, respectively.

     During 1996 and 1995, Zonic purchased receivables of the Partnership 
without recourse amounting to $ 1,903,227 and $3,090,143.  In consideration 
for the purchases of these receivables an equivalent amount of accounts 
payable to Zonic were forgiven.

     During 1996, the Partnership transferred certain equipment and 
demonstration equipment with a net book value of $2,240 to a third party in 
exchange for settlement of $13,030 in commissions due.

     In 1995, notes payable to partners totaling $700,000 and accrued 
interest totaling $371,506 were forgiven and recorded as capital 
contributions to the Partnership.

                                 page 47
<PAGE>


          (3)  Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

               (3)(i)  The Company's Amended and Restated Articles of 
                       Incorporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                       14(a)(3)(3)(i) of the Form 10-K filed by the Company
                       for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1993.

                 (ii)  Code of Regulations of the Company incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit (b) to Registration Statement of 
                       Company which became effective under the Securities 
                       Act of 1933 on July 2, 1981, (File No. 2-72450C) "the
                       Registration Statement".
                      
                (iii)  Amendment to the Company's Code of Regulations Article 
                       II Section 1 as adopted by the stockholders on 
                       August 8, 1986 incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit 14(a)(3)(iv) of the Form 10-K filed by the
                       Company for fiscal year ended March 31, 1987.

              (4) (i)  Specimen Common Share Certificate incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 3(e) to the Registration       
                       Statement.
                
                 (ii)  1989 Stock Option Plan incorporated by reference to 
                       Exhibit 14(a)(3)(4)(xii) of Form 10-K filed by the 
                       Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1990.
                                      
                (iii)  1991 Executive Stock Option Plan incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 14 (a)(3)(4)(ix) of Form 10-K 
                       filed by the Company for the fiscal year
                       ended March 31, 1991.

              (10)(i)  Partnership Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, between 
                       the Company, A&D Co., Ltd. and A&D Engineering, Inc. 
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(v)
                       of the Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal
                       year ended March 31, 1989.

                 (ii)  Distributorship Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, 
                       between the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(vi) of the Form 10-K 
                       filed by the Company for the fiscal year ended 
                       March 31, 1989.

                (iii)  Distributorship Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, 
                       between the Company and Zonic-A&D Company incorporated 
                       by reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(vii) of the Form 
                       10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal year ended 
                       March 31, 1989.

                 (iv)  Sales Promotional Fee Contract, dated October 7, 1988, 
                       between the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(viii) of the 
                       Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal year
                       ended March 31, 1989.

                                 page 48
<PAGE>


                  (v)  Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 1988, 
                       between the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 14 (a)(3)(10)(viii) of the
                       Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal year
                       ended March 31, 1990.

                 (vi)  Shareholder Agreement, dated February 21, 1991, 
                       between the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. with respect
                       to Zonic A&D Ltd. incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit 14 (a) (3) (10)(ix) of the Form 10-K filed
                       by the Company for the fiscal year ended 
                       March 31, 1991.

                (vii)  Distribution Agreement, dated February 21, 1991, 
                       between the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated
                       by reference to Exhibit 14 (a)(3)(10)(x) of the
                       Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal year
                       ended March 31, 1991.

               (viii)  Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement, dated 
                       March 1, 1992, between the Company and Zonic A&D Ltd.
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(xi) 
                       of the Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal 
                       year ended March 31, 1992.

                 (ix)  Termination Agreement, dated March 31, 1992, between 
                       the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(xii) of the 
                       Form 10-K filed by the Company for the fiscal year 
                       ended March 31, 1992.

                  (x)  Value Added Reseller U.S. Sales Agreement, dated 
                       October 10, 1991, between the Company and Apple
                       Computer, Inc. incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(xiii) of the Form 10-K filed
                       by the Company for the fiscal year ended 
                       March 31, 1992.

                 (xi)  Credit Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between
                       the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K dated 
                       December 7, 1992 filed by the Company.

                (xii)  Non-Qualified Stock Option granted to A&D Co., Ltd. 
                       dated December 7, 1992 incorporated by reference to 
                       Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K dated December 7, 1992 
                       filed by the Company.

               (xiii)  Control Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between 
                       the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K dated
                       December 7, 1992 filed by the Company.

                                 page 49
<PAGE>

                (xiv)  Services Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between 
                       the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by 
                       reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Form 8-K dated
                       December 7, 1992 filed by the Company.

                 (xv)  First Lease Amendment, dated September 1, 1993, 
                       between the Company and Duke Associates No. 55
                       Limited Partnership for the premises located at 
                       Park 50 TechneCenter, 50 W. TechneCenter Drive,
                       Milford, Ohio incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit 14(a)(3)(10)(xvii) of the Form 10-K filed by 
                       the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994.

                (xvi)  Warrant, dated September 1, 1993, between the Company 
                       and Duke Associates No. 55 Limited Partnership 
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                       14(a)(3)(10)(xviii) of the Form 10-K filed by the 
                       Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1994.

               (xvii)  Amendment to Partnership Agreement, dated May 31, 
                       1990, between the Company, A&D Engineering, Inc.
                       and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by reference
                       to Exhibit (10)(xvii) of the Form 10-K filed by the
                       Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995.

              (xviii)  Second Amendment to the Partnership Agreement, dated 
                       September 30, 1994, between the Company and A&D 
                       Engineering, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                       (10)(xviii) of the Form 10-K filed by the Company for 
                       the fiscal year ended March 31, 1995.

                (xix)  Capital Contribution Agreement, dated September 30, 
                       1994, between the Company, A&D Engineering, Inc.,
                       Zonic A&D Company and A&D Co., Ltd. incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit (10)(xviv) of the Form 10-K filed
                       by the Company for the fiscal year ended 
                       March 31, 1995.

                 (xx)  Warrant, dated March 16, 1995, between the Company and 
                       Star Bank, National Association, issued in connection 
                       with the discharge in full of the Company's Star Bank 
                       indebtedness incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
                       (10)(xx) of the Form 10-K filed by the Company for the 
                       fiscal year ended March 31, 1995.

                (xxi)  WCA Rights Sale Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, 
                       between A&D Company, Ltd. and the Company incorporated
                       by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K dated
                       June 30, 1995 filed by the Company.

               (xxii)  Amendment to Credit agreement, dated June 30, 1995, 
                       between the Company and A&D Company, Ltd. incorporated 
                       by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Form 8-K dated June 
                       30, 1995 filed by the Company.

                                 page 50
<PAGE>

              (xxiii)  Amendment to Distribution Agreement, dated June 30, 
                       1995, between the Company and A&D Company, Ltd. 
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of the 
                       Form 8-K dated June 30, 1995 filed by the Company.

               (xxiv)  WCA Software Source Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, 
                       between A&D Company, Ltd. and the Company incorporated 
                       by reference to Exhibit 2.4 of the Form 8-K dated June 
                       30, 1995 filed by the Company.

               (xxv)   WCA Manufacturing Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, 
                       between A&D Company, Ltd. and the Company incorporated 
                       by reference to Exhibit 2.5 of the Form 8-K dated June 
                       30, 1995 filed by the Company.

               (xxvi)  OEM Distribution and Confidentiality Agreement, dated 
                       February 12, 1996, between Spectral Dynamics, Inc. and 
                       the Company.

            (22)  The only subsidiaries of the Company are TechneCenter 
                  Limited, a United Kingdom corporation and Zonic A&D Ltd., a 
                  United Kingdom corporation.  The Company also has an 
                  ownership interest in Zonic A&D Company, an Ohio general 
                  partnership.

       (b)  Reports on Form 8-K.
            None.

       (c)  Exhibits.
            See subparagraph (a) above.

       (d)  Financial Statement Schedules.
            None, except as set forth under Item 14(a)(2)
            above.

                                 page 51
<PAGE>

                         OEM Distribution
                               and 
                     Confidentiality Agreement

     This Agreement is made and entered into as of this February 12, 1996 by 
and between Spectral Dynamics, Inc., a California company with principal 
offices at 1983 Concourse Drive, San Jose, California, hereinafter referred 
to as "Spectral", and Zonic Corporation, an Ohio Corporation with principal 
office at 50 West TechneCenter Drive Milford, Ohio, hereinafter referred to 
as "Zonic".

     WHEREAS, Zonic is a manufacturer of data acquisition and digital signal 
processing equipment and engaged in the business of supplying such products 
for use in structural analysis applications; and,
     WHEREAS, Spectral is a manufacturer of shaker control equipment, related 
software products and general signal analysis and modal analysis software and 
engaged in the business of supplying such products for use in structural 
analysis applications; and,
     WHEREAS, the parties desire that Spectral market and distribute Zonic 
manufactured equipment.
     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
      1. Zonic agrees to sell to Spectral those Zonic products identified as 
Exhibit "A" at the prices therein listed.

      2. Spectral agrees purchase from Zonic the materials identified Exhibit 
A and incorporate the purchased products into systems for resale to 
Spectral's customers. 

      3. Zonic warrants that products manufactured by Zonic and sold to 
Spectral under this agreement will be free from defects in material and 
workmanship for one year from date of shipment from Zonic's facility.  Zonic 
will repair or replace, at Zonic's option and without charge, any product 
which fails to satisfy this warranty.  Claims against this warranty must be 
made in writing and the defective material returned to Zonic, prepaid and 
insured.  Zonic will return ship EX-WORKS after repair.

    In no event shall Zonic be liable to Spectral nor Spectral's end customer 
for any incidental or consequential damages, including without limitation any 
loss, damage, claim, liability or expense, of any kind or nature, caused 
directly or indirectly by the furnishing of service or materials pursuant to 
this Agreement, or by any interruption of service, or loss of use thereof or 
for any loss of business or damage to Spectral whatsoever and howsoever 
caused.

      4. Zonic agrees to provide reasonable amounts of technical and product 
training to Spectral's designated representatives at Zonic's facility.

      5. Zonic agrees to provide reasonable amounts of demonstration 
materials to Spectral under terms to be mutually agreed upon by the parties.

      6. The parties agree that additional products developed by Zonic may be 
added to Exhibit "A" from time to time by mutual consent and such additions 
shall be considered amendments to this agreement.

                                 page 52
<PAGE>

      7. The parties agree to cooperate in the identification and development 
of new products and enter into development agreements by mutual consent.

      8. This agreement is nonexclusive and the parties retain their rights 
to secure similar distribution agreements with others as they deem 
appropriate. 

      9. All information in any form transferred by Zonic to Spectral related 
to product design, product plans, marketing plans, or other business matters 
will be considered proprietary information and will be provided on the 
condition that it be retained in confidence and not disclosed to any third 
party without the written consent of Zonic.  Product specifications, 
operating information, performance characterizations and other information 
published and made available by Zonic to the general public shall not be 
considered confidential information as defined herein.

     10. All information in any form transferred by Spectral to Zonic related 
to product design, product plans, marketing plans, or other business mattress 
will be considered proprietary information and will be provided on the 
condition that it be retained in confidence and not disclosed to any third 
party without the written consent of Spectral.  Product specifications, 
operating information, performance characterizations and other information 
published and made available by Spectral to the general public shall not be 
considered confidential information as defined herein.

     11. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing the other 
party 60 days notice of their intention to terminate the agreement except 
that the confidentially provisions as described in Articles 9 and 10 of this 
Agreement shall be binding on the parties for five (5) years after 
termination of this Agreement.  Notice shall be considered to have been given 
upon delivery of such notice in writing by registered mail

     12. This Agreement, including all Exhibits referenced herein, 
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the 
subject matter and supersedes any and all previous agreements, 
representations, and understandings, either oral or written between the 
parties.  This Agreement shall be modified only by an instrument in writing 
and signed by the duly authorized representatives of the parties

     13. This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Ohio.

Spectral Dynamics                  Zonic Corporation


by: / s /  Stewart Slykhous        by:  / s / James B. Webb
___________________________        ________________________
Stewart Slykhous                   James B. Webb
President                          President

                                 page 53
<PAGE>

                                 SIGNATURES

        Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

ZONIC CORPORATION


By: \ s \ James B. Webb                                 
   James B. Webb, President

Date:  June 28, 1996     

        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


By: \ s \ James B. Webb                                 
   James B. Webb, President, Treasurer
   Principal Executive Officer,
   and Director

Date:  June 28, 1996     



By: \ s \ John H. Reifschneider                                 
   John H. Reifschneider, Controller
   
Date:  June 28, 1996



By: \ s \ Shoiche Sekine                                 
   Shoiche Sekine, Executive Vice-
   President and Director

Date:  June 19, 1996



By: \ s \ Gerald J. Zobrist                                  
   Gerald J. Zobrist, Director

Date:  June 19, 1996

                                 page 54
<PAGE>

                          EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.    Name of Exhibit

(3)(I)         Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated
               by reference)

(3)(ii)        Code of Regulations (incorporated by reference).

(3)(iii)       Amendment to Article II Section 1 of the Company's Code of   
               Regulations (incorporated by reference).

(4)(I)         Specimen Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference).

(4)(ii)        1989 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference).

(4)(iii)       1991 Executive Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference).

(10)(I)        Partnership Agreement, dated October 7, 1988 between the
               Company, A&D Co., Ltd. and A&D Engineering, Inc. (incorporated
               by reference).

(10)(ii)       Distributorship Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, between
               the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(iii)      Distributorship Agreement, dated October 7, 1988, between
               the Company and Zonic-A&D Company (incorporated by reference).

(10)(iv)       Sales Promotional Fee Contract, dated October 7, 1988, between
               the Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(v)        Distribution Agreement, dated February 26, 1988, between the
               Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(vi)       Shareholder Agreement, dated February 21, 1991, between the 
               Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(vii)      Distribution Agreement, dated February 21, 1991, between the 
               Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(viii)     Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement, dated March 1, 
               1992, between the Company and Zonic A&D Ltd. (incorporated by 
               reference).

(10)(ix)       Termination Agreement, dated March 31, 1992, between the
               Company and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(x)        Value Added Reseller U.S. Sales Agreement, dated October 10, 
               1991, between the Company and Apple Computer, Inc.
               (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xi)       Credit Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between the Company 
               and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xii)      Non-Qualified Stock Option granted to A&D Co., Ltd. dated 
               December 7, 1992 (incorporated by reference).

                                 page 55
<PAGE>

(10)(xiii)     Control Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between the Company 
               and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xiv)      Services Agreement, dated December 7, 1992, between the
               Company and A&D Co., Ltd.(incorporated by reference).

(10)(xv)       First Lease Amendment, dated September 1, 1993, between the
               Company and Duke Associates No. 55 Limited Partnership for the 
               premises located at Park 50 TechneCenter, 50 W. TechneCenter 
               Drive, Milford, Ohio (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xvi)      Warrant, dated September 1, 1993, between the Company and Duke 
               Associates No. 55 Limited Partnership (incorporated by 
               reference).

(10)(xvii)     Amendment to Partnership Agreement, dated May 31, 1990,
               between the Company, A&D Engineering, Inc. and A&D Co., Ltd. 
               (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xviii)    Second Amendment to the Partnership Agreement, dated 
               September 30, 1994, between the Company and A&D Engineering, 
               Inc. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xix)      Capital Contribution Agreement, dated September 30, 1994, 
               between the Company, A&D Engineering, Inc., Zonic A&D Company 
               and A&D Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xx)       Warrant, dated March 16, 1995, between the Company and Star 
               Bank, National Association, issued in connection with the 
               discharge infull of the Company's Star Bank indebtedness.  
               (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xxi)      WCA Rights Sale Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, between A&D 
               Company, Ltd. and the Company.  (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xxii)     Amendment to Credit agreement, dated June 30, 1995, between
               the Company and A&D Company, Ltd. (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xxiii)    Amendment to Distribution Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, 
               between the Company and A&D Company, Ltd.(incorporated by 
               reference).

(10)(xxiv)     WCA Software Source Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, between 
               A&D Company, Ltd. and the Company. (incorporated by 
               reference).

(10)(xxv)      WCA Manufacturing Agreement, dated June 30, 1995, between A&D 
               Company, Ltd. and the Company.  (incorporated by reference).

(10)(xxvi)     OEM Distribution and Confidentiality Agreement, dated 
               February 12, 1996, between Spectral Dynamics, Inc. and
               the Company.

                                 page 56


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THE SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM FORM
10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 1996 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRITY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          MAR-31-1996
<PERIOD-END>                               MAR-31-1996
<CASH>                                          28,951
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                1,104,781
<ALLOWANCES>                                    70,901
<INVENTORY>                                    708,917
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             1,775,581
<PP&E>                                       8,772,452
<DEPRECIATION>                               7,305,267
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               3,242,766
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        3,742,055
<BONDS>                                              0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                        61,674
<OTHER-SE>                                 (4,924,093)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 3,242,766
<SALES>                                      3,639,982
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             3,639,982
<CGS>                                        1,882,848
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                2,831,513
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                           (1,548,378)<F1>
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             483,968
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                (9,969)
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            (9,969)
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                397,275
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   387,306
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .13
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .13
<FN>
<F1>INCLUDES GAIN FROM SALE OF ASSET OF $1,417,027 AND FOREIGN CURRENCY GAIN
OF $131,351.
</FN>
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
