<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                                    UNITED STATES
                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                      FORM 10-K

     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES[X]
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994


Commission file number 1-812

                           UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
                (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                   DELAWARE              06 0570975
               (State or other        (I.R.S. Employer
               jurisdiction of       Identification No.)
               incorporation or     
                organization)

       United Technologies Building, Hartford, Connecticut      06101
                     
      (Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

     Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  ( 203) 728-7000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

       Title of each class              Name of each exchange on which
                                                  registered

     Medium-Term Notes, Series B, PEN        New York Stock Exchange
     Notes due September 8, 1997
     Common Stock ($5 par value)            New York Stock Exchange

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X .  No    .

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and is not to be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendments to this Form 10-K.  [   ]

     At February 1, 1995, there were 123,160,678 shares of Common Stock
outstanding; the aggregate market value of the voting Common Stock held by non
affiliates at February 1, 1995 was approximately $7,851,493,222.

     List hereunder the following documents if  incorporated by reference and
the Part of the Form  10-K into which the document is incorporated:  (1) United
Technologies Corporation 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners, Parts I, II and IV;
and (2) United Technologies Corporation Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual
Meeting of Shareowners, Part III.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                           UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
                           ________________________________
                                Index to Annual Report
                                     on Form 10-K
                             Year Ended December 31, 1994

PART I
                                                               Page

Item  1.   Business                                              1

Item  2.   Properties                                           13

Item  3.   Legal Proceedings                                    14

Item  4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security          16
           Holders  

-----      Executive Officers of the Registrant                 16

PART II

Item  5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and
           Related Stockholder Matters                          17

Item  6.   Selected Financial Data                              18

Item  7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
           Operations and Financial Position                    18

Item  8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          18

Item  9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
           Accounting and Financial Disclosure                  18

PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant   18


Item 11.   Executive Compensation                               18

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners      18
           and Management  

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions       18

PART IV

Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and         19
           Reports on Form 8-K  
PAGE
<PAGE>
Item 1.    Business

                              History of Business

   United Technologies Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in 1934.  Since
1973, growth has been enhanced by the acquisition of several companies and by
internal growth of existing businesses of the Corporation*.

   During 1990, the Corporation sold its interests in several of the Automotive
segment's non-core businesses.  The Corporation's planned underwritten public
offering of a minority interest in UT Automotive in early 1994 was withdrawn due
to financial market conditions.  During the second quarter of 1994, the
Corporation sold the net operating assets (excluding real property) of its
Norden subsidiary.  Also in 1994, the Corporation sold its equity holdings in
Westland Group plc.

   Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Corporation's Results of
Operations for 1994 compared to 1993, and for 1993 compared to 1992, and its
Financial Position at December 31, 1994 and 1993, and Selected Financial Data
for each year in the five year period ended December 31, 1994 are set forth on
pages 15 through 25 of the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners.
Whenever reference is made in this report to specific pages in the 1994 Annual
Report to Shareowners, such pages are incorporated herein by reference.

Operating Units and Industry Segments

   The Corporation conducts its business principally through its Otis, Carrier,
UT Automotive, Pratt & Whitney, Sikorsky, and Hamilton Standard units and also
the United Technologies Research Center.

   The operating units of the Corporation conduct their business within five
principal industry segments or lines of business--Otis, Carrier, Automotive,
Pratt & Whitney, and Flight Systems. The principal products of the operating
units reported within each of these industry segments are as follows:

Industry Segment  Principal Products

Otis              --Otis elevators, escalators and service

Carrier           --Carrier heating, ventilating, air conditioning,
                    and refrigeration equipment and service

Automotive        --Automotive components and systems

Pratt & Whitney   --Pratt & Whitney engines, service and space
                    propulsion

Flight Systems    --Sikorsky helicopters and parts
                  --Hamilton Standard engine controls, environmental
                    systems, propellers and other flight systems

   The Consolidated Summary of Business Segment Financial Data for the years
1992 through 1994 appears on pages 42 through 45 of the Corporation's 1994
Annual Report to Shareowners.



*"Corporation", unless the context otherwise requires, means United
 Technologies Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.

                                      - 1 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
                  Description of Business by Industry Segment

   The following description of the Corporation's business by industry segment
should be read in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Position appearing in the Corporation's 1994
Annual Report to Shareowners, especially the information contained therein under
the headings "Business Environment" and "Cost Reduction Actions."

Otis

   Otis is the world's leader in the production, installation and service of
elevators.  During the years 1992 through 1994, the Corporation's total
revenues* from elevators, escalators and services were as follows:

                           Total Revenues--
                              Elevators,
                Year     Escalators & Services

                1992        $4,512 million
                1993        $4,418 million
                1994        $4,644 million

   Included in the above amounts are service revenues of $2,666 million, $2,636
million and $2,733 million, in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively.

   Otis designs, manufactures, sells and installs a wide range of passenger and
freight elevators, including hydraulic and geared elevators for low and medium
speed applications and gearless elevators for high-speed passenger operations in
high-rise buildings.  Otis also produces a broad line of escalators, moving
sidewalks and shuttle systems for horizontal transportation.  In addition to new
equipment, Otis provides modernization products and services to upgrade
elevators and escalators.

   Otis provides maintenance services for a substantial portion of the
elevators and escalators which it sells and also services elevators and
escalators of other manufacturers.  At December 31, 1994, Otis provided
contractual maintenance to more than 790,000 units worldwide.

   Otis conducts its business principally through various affiliated companies
worldwide.  In some cases, consolidated affiliates have significant minority
interests.

   In addition, Otis continues to invest in emerging markets in Central and
Eastern Europe (such as Russia and Ukraine) and Asia (the People's Republic of
China).  These investments carry a higher level of currency, political and
economic risks.

                         Other Otis Segment Information

   Otis' business is subject to changes in economic, industrial and
international conditions, including possible changes in interest rates, which
could affect the demand for elevators, escalators and services; changes in
legislation and in government regulations; changes in technology; changes in
construction starts; and substantial competition from a large number of
companies including other major domestic and foreign manufacturers.  The
principal methods of competition are price, delivery schedule, product
performance, service and other terms and conditions of sale.  Otis' products and
services are sold principally to builders and building contractors and owners.


*  For the definition of "revenues" as used in this report, see Notes to
Consolidated Summary of Business Segment Financial Data at page 45 of the
Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners.

                                      - 2 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   
In 1993 and 1994, revenues associated with operations outside of the U.S.
amounted to $3,723 million, or approximately 84 percent, and $3,966 million, or
approximately 85 percent, respectively, of total Otis segment revenues.
International operations are subject to local government regulations (including
regulations relating to capital contributions, currency conversion and
repatriation of earnings), as well as to varying political and economic risks.

   At December 31, 1994, the Otis business backlog amounted to $3,325 million
as compared to $2,812 million at December 31, 1993.  Of the total business
backlog at December 31, 1994, approximately $3,006 million is expected to be
realized as sales in 1995.

Carrier

   Carrier is the world's largest manufacturer of heating, ventilating and air
conditioning (HVAC) systems and equipment.  Carrier also participates in the
commercial, industrial and transport refrigeration businesses.  During the years
1992 through 1994, the Corporation's total revenues from these businesses were:

                       Total Revenues--HVAC and Refrigeration
               Year        Systems, Equipment and Service

               1992                $4,328 million
               1993                $4,480 million
               1994                $4,919 million

   Carrier manufactures and sells 15 major global product lines, with over
10,000 different products manufactured.  The products manufactured include
chillers and airside equipment, commercial unitary systems, residential split
systems (cooling only and heat pump), duct-free split systems, window and
portable room air conditioners and furnaces.

   In addition, Carrier continues to invest in emerging markets primarily in
Asia (such as the People's Republic of China).  These investments carry a higher
level of currency, political and economic risks.

                       Other Carrier Segment Information

   Carrier's business is subject to changes in economic, industrial,
international and climate conditions, including possible changes in interest
rates, which could affect the demand for HVAC systems and equipment; changes in
legislation and in government regulations; changes in technology; changes in
construction starts; and competition from a large number of companies, including
other major domestic and foreign manufacturers.  The principal methods of
competition are delivery schedule, product performance, price, service and other
terms and conditions of sale.

   Carrier's products and services are sold principally to builders and
building contractors and owners.  Sales are made both directly to the customer
and by or through manufacturers' representatives, distributors, dealers,
individual wholesalers and retail outlets.

   In 1993 and 1994, Carrier's revenues associated with operations outside of
the U.S. amounted to $2,284 million, or approximately 51 percent, and $2,366
million, or approximately 48 percent, respectively, of total Carrier segment
revenues.  International operations are subject to local government regulations
(including regulations relating to capital contributions, currency conversion
and repatriation of earnings), as well as to varying political and economic
risks.

   At December 31, 1994, the Carrier business backlog amounted to $940 million,
as compared to $780 million at December 31, 1993.  Substantially all of the
business backlog at December 31, 1994 is expected to be realized as sales in
1995.

                                     - 3 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
Automotive

   The Corporation's Automotive business is conducted through UT Automotive.
UT Automotive is a leading independent supplier of wire harnesses in both North
America and Europe.  Also, UT Automotive is a leading independent supplier in
North America of modular headliners, door trim assemblies, vehicle remote entry
systems, and fractional horsepower DC electric motors used in automotive
applications.  UT Automotive competes worldwide to sell products to automotive
manufacturers.

   UT Automotive also produces other products such as interior trim (horn pads,
instrument panels, sun visors, armrests, package trays and consoles), mirrors,
acoustical padding, foam products, thermal and acoustical barriers, airbag
covers, steering wheels, electronic controls and modules, relays, interior
lighting systems, switches, terminals and connectors, power door lock
activators, and windshield wiper systems.
During the years 1992 through 1994, the Corporation's total revenues from
automotive components and systems were:

               Year    Total Revenues--Automotive Components
                                    and Systems

               1992                $2,370 million
               1993                $2,378 million
               1994                $2,683 million

   Sales to the major domestic automotive manufacturers are made against
periodic short-term releases issued by the automotive manufacturers under annual
orders for a percentage of the respective manufacturer's requirements for the
products ordered.  To better service its worldwide customer base, UT Automotive
maintains over 100 facilities in the United States, Canada, Mexico, United
Kingdom, Portugal, France, Honduras, Hungary, Italy, Spain and the Philippines.
UT Automotive has also recently established two joint ventures in the People's
Republic of China.

   In 1992, sales to Ford Motor Company were $991 million, or approximately 64
percent of sales to the major domestic automotive manufacturers and
approximately 42 percent of total UT Automotive revenues.  In 1993, sales to
Ford Motor Company were $965 million, or approximately 60 percent of sales to
the major domestic automotive manufacturers and approximately 41 percent of
total UT Automotive revenues.  In 1994, sales to Ford Motor Company were $1,004
million, or approximately 59 percent of sales to the major domestic
manufacturers and approximately 37 percent of total UT Automotive revenues.

                      Other Automotive Segment Information

   UT Automotive's business is subject to changes in economic, industrial and
international conditions; changes in interest rates and in the level of
automotive production which could affect the demand for many of the industrial
products of the Corporation; changes in the prices of essential raw materials
and petroleum-based materials; changes in legislation and in government
regulations; changes in technology; and substantial competition from a large
number of companies including other major domestic and foreign manufacturers.
The principal methods of competition are price, delivery schedule and product
performance.

   UT Automotive segment sales are made principally to automotive manufacturers
and systems suppliers.  Sales are made directly to the customer or through
manufacturers' representatives.

   Automotive manufacturers throughout the world are outsourcing an increasing
share of the design and manufacture of their automotive systems and subsystems.
This trend benefits a select group of large, first-tier suppliers that can
provide sophisticated design and engineering services, low-cost manufacturing,
high product quality, and total systems capabilities on a global basis.  To take
advantage of this trend, it is the Corporation's plan to position itself in the
first tier of suppliers while recognizing the increased responsibility
associated with providing these services.  To remain competitive in this
environment, the ability to consistently deliver, on time, products of ever-
increasing quality has become a critical requirement.
                                      - 4 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   
   In 1993 and 1994, revenues associated with operations outside of the U.S.
(excluding revenues from certain operations in Mexico which manufacture
exclusively for the U.S. market) amounted to $743 million, or approximately 31
percent, and $939 million, or approximately 35 percent, respectively, of total
Automotive segment revenues.  International operations are subject to local
government regulations (including regulations relating to capital contributions,
currency conversion and repatriation of earnings), as well as to varying
political and economic risks.

At December 31, 1994, the UT Automotive business backlog amounted to $847
million as compared to $706 million at December 31, 1993.  Substantially all of
the business backlog at December 31, 1994 is expected to be realized as sales in
1995.

Pratt & Whitney

   Pratt & Whitney's business consists of revenues from the sale of aircraft
gas turbine engines, spare parts, the overhaul and repair of engines and from
space propulsion. Pratt & Whitney products are sold principally to aircraft
manufacturers, airlines and other aircraft operators, aircraft leasing
companies, and the U.S. and foreign governments.  Direct and indirect revenues
from sales to the U.S. Government amounted to $1,830 million, or approximately
31 percent, of Pratt & Whitney revenues in 1994.  Sales to The Boeing Company,
Airbus Industrie and McDonnell Douglas Corporation, consisting primarily of
commercial aircraft jet engines, amounted to $663 million, or approximately 11
percent, $421 million, or approximately 7 percent, and $399 million, or
approximately 7 percent, respectively, of total Pratt & Whitney revenues in
1994.

                            Large Commercial Engines

   Pratt & Whitney is one of the world's leading producers of large turbofan
(jet) engines and repair services for commercial aircraft and land-based power
generation equipment.  During the years 1992 through 1994, the Corporation's
total revenues from its commercial engine business were as follows:

              Year      Total Revenues - Engines &
                              Repair Services
              1992            $3,700 million
              1993            $3,266 million
              1994            $2,892 million
                                      - 5 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   As of December 31, 1994, Pratt & Whitney had over 15,000 installed
commercial jet engines currently serving approximately 480 domestic and foreign
customers.  Jet engines currently in production at Pratt & Whitney for
installation in commercial aircraft are as follows:

               Year of      Current      Current Production   Number
Commercial      First       Maximum           Aircraft          of
                                                              Engines
  Engine     Commercial     Takeoff           in which          per
Designation    Service       Thrust          Installed       Aircraft

 JT8D-200       1980      21,000 lbs.  Douglas MD-80*            2
  PW2000        1984      41,700 lbs.  Boeing 757-200/PF**       2
  PW4000        1987      84,000 lbs.  Airbus A310-300**         2
                                       Airbus A300-600**         2
                                       Airbus A330-300**         2
                                       Boeing 747-400**          4
                                       Boeing 767-200/-          2
                                       300**
                                       Boeing 777-200**          2
                                       Douglas MD-11**           3
 IAE V2500      1989      30,000 lbs.  Airbus A320/A321***       2
                                       Douglas MD-90****         2

*     Powered exclusively by Pratt & Whitney engines.
**    Powered by Pratt & Whitney as well as competitive engines.
***   Powered by IAE International Aero Engines AG as well as competitive
      engines.
****  Powered exclusively by IAE International Aero Engines AG engines.

   At December 31, 1994, a total of 1,169 MD80 aircraft had been ordered,
powered by 2,338 JT8D-200 engines of which 2,228 engines had been delivered.
During 1994, Alaska Air, Korean Air and AOM ordered 9 MD80 aircraft.

   At December 31, 1994, a total of 13 customers had announced firm orders for
344 Boeing  757 aircraft powered by 688 PW2000 engines, of which 584 engines had
been delivered.

   The PW4000 is operating in airline service today at up to 68,000 pounds of
thrust and on April 29, 1994 was certified at 84,000 pounds of thrust for the
Boeing 777, a two-engine aircraft.  The PW4000 engine powers current production
McDonnell Douglas MD-11, Boeing 747 and 767, and Airbus A300, A310 and A330
aircraft.  During 1994, JAL selected the PW4084 for their 10 Boeing 777
aircraft.  Singapore Airlines also ordered 44 PW4000 engines for Boeing 747
aircraft.  In 1994, new firm orders for 98 installed PW4000 engines were
announced by ten customers.  At December 31, 1994, 51 customers had ordered a
total of 644  aircraft powered by 1,680 PW4000 engines, of which 1,142 had been
delivered.

   IAE International Aero Engines AG ("IAE"), a corporation whose shareholders
consist of Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce plc of England, Japanese Aero Engines
Corporation, Motoren-und Turbinen-Union Munchen GmbH ("MTU"), and Fiat Aviazione
Societa per Azioni  of Italy, is providing the V2500 engine, to cover the range
of 18,000 to 30,000 pounds of thrust.  Pratt & Whitney has a 33 percent interest
in IAE.  At December 31, 1994, 18 customers had placed firm orders for 309 A320
and A321 (a larger capacity derivative of the A320) aircraft to be powered by
the V2500 engine.  In addition, at December 31, 1994, five customers had placed
firm orders for 66 MD-90s, a two engine aircraft which will be powered
exclusively by the V2500.

   In March 1991, an agreement was entered between the Corporation and MTU, a
subsidiary of Daimler-Benz AG (Daimler) providing for expanded cooperation
between the parties with respect to commercial and general aviation engine
research and development, manufacturing and marketing.  Pratt & Whitney/MTU
presently collaborate on the JT8D-200, the PW300, the PW500, PW2000, PW4084 and
V2500 commercial gas turbine engines.  Pratt & Whitney and MTU have agreed to
produce a new Mid-Thrust Family Engine turbofan engine in the range of 16,000 to
24,000 pounds.
                                      - 6 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   

                     Military Engines and Space Propulsion

   Pratt & Whitney is one of two major suppliers to the U.S. Government of
large jet engines and jet engine parts for military aircraft.  In addition,
Pratt & Whitney produces propulsion systems and solid rocket boosters for the
United States Air Force ("USAF") and the National Aeronautics and Space
Administration ("NASA").  During the years 1992 through 1994, the Corporation's
total revenues from its military engines and space propulsion operations were as
follows:

               Year      Total Revenues - Engines &
                              Space Propulsion

               1992            $2,505 million
               1993            $1,970 million
               1994            $1,835 million

   At December 31, 1994, worldwide active government inventories included
approximately 13,000 Pratt & Whitney military aircraft engines.

   Pratt & Whitney currently produces two military aircraft engines, the F100
and the F117.  Pratt & Whitney has produced successive versions of the F100
engine since 1974.  F100s power McDonnell Douglas Corporation's two-engine F-15
fighter aircraft and Lockheed Corporation's one-engine F-16 fighter aircraft.
The most advanced version of the F100 generates approximately 29,000 pounds
takeoff thrust.  Pratt & Whitney first produced the F117 in 1992.  F117s power
McDonnell Douglas Corporation's four-engine C-17 transport aircraft, and each
generates approximately 41,700 pounds takeoff thrust. Pratt & Whitney has
discontinued its J52-P-409 engine development program in response to U.S.
defense budget reductions.

   All of Pratt & Whitney's F100 and F117 sales contracts are with the USAF or
with foreign governments.  From time to time, the U.S. Government resells F100
engines to foreign governments via the Foreign Military Sales Program.

   Pratt & Whitney and General Electric Company ("GE") first competed for F-16
aircraft engine orders in 1982.  Since then, the USAF has purchased
approximately equal numbers of Pratt & Whitney's F100 engines and GE's engines
for F-16 aircraft.  In 1994, the USAF informed the Corporation that it had no
current plans to purchase additional F-16 aircraft.  Presently, Pratt & Whitney
is the exclusive provider of engines which power F-15 and C-17 aircraft,
although currently the USAF is considering qualification of a GE engine for the
F-15 aircraft.  Due to uncertainty as to future U.S. defense budgets, management
lacks a reliable basis to predict how many F100s and F117s the USAF will order
for delivery after 1995.

   During 1994, Pratt & Whitney delivered 75 F100s as follows: 28 to the USAF
and 47 to foreign governments.  The 1995 F100 delivery requirements call for 1
F100 to the USAF and 80 F100s to foreign governments and in 1996, 89 F100s to
foreign governments only.

   During 1994, Pratt & Whitney also entered into F100 sales contracts with the
Government of Israel and the Republic of Singapore.  These contracts call for 74
F100s for delivery in 1997 and 1998.  The Israeli contract grants Israel the
option to purchase an additional 15 whole or equivalent F100s through 1999.
Currently, Pratt & Whitney has no specific contractual commitments for F100
sales other than as described above.
   
   In 1994, Pratt & Whitney delivered 37 F117s to the USAF.  Pratt & Whitney is
under contract to deliver 10 F117s to the USAF in 1995. Currently, only the USAF
uses the C-17 aircraft.

   Pratt & Whitney is under contract with the USAF to develop the F119 engine.
That contract requires the F119 to generate approximately 35,000 pounds of
takeoff thrust.  The F119 is the only engine currently planned for the two-
engine F-22 fighter aircraft being developed by Lockheed Corporation and The
Boeing Company.  Due to uncertainty as to future U.S. defense budgets,
management lacks a reliable basis to predict when, and in what quantities, the
F-22 will be produced.
                                      - 7 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>

   Other activities in the Pratt & Whitney segment include the production of
the RL10 liquid hydrogen fuel rocket motor used for upper stage propulsion for
the NASA Atlas-Centaur and Titan-Centaur launch vehicles; the supply of contract
services for the construction, outfitting and operation of aircraft and aircraft
engine maintenance centers for foreign customers; and the overhaul and repair of
Pratt & Whitney engines in the U.S. and Canada and in overseas locations.

   Within Pratt & Whitney Space Propulsion Operations, formed in December 1994,
the Chemical Systems Division ("CSD") manufactures and provides launch services
for solid rocket propellant boosters producing more than one million pounds of
thrust which, when used in pairs, currently constitute the initial booster stage
for the USAF's Titan IV launch vehicle as well as for the Martin Marietta Titan
III commercial launch vehicle.  CSD's solid rocket motors ("SRM") on Titan IV
are expected to be phased out during the later portion of the decade by an
upgraded, higher performing booster SRM, which is being made by another company.
In addition, CSD produces other propulsion systems, such as shuttle booster
separation motors, the Inertial Upper Stage solid rocket motors for USAF and
NASA, the third stage rocket motor for the Navy's Trident II Missile, Tomahawk
missile boosters and Aegis booster motors for the U.S. Navy, and is currently a
qualified supplier of USAF's Minuteman III/Stage III propulsion system. CSD has
a contract from Lockheed Missiles and Space Company for the demonstration and
validation of the solid propellant rocket, which will power the U.S. Army's
Theater High Altitude Area Defense ("THAAD") ballistic missile defense system.

   USBI, also within Pratt & Whitney Space Propulsion Operations, is under
contract with NASA for the Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Boosters and is
responsible for the design, assembly, test, launch operations support and
refurbishment of the solid rocket boosters.  In addition, USBI provides design
support to the Shuttle Processing Contractor in the stacking and testing of the
Space Shuttle vehicle, and is responsible for the integration of the solid
rocket motors with solid rocket boosters.

                       General Aviation Engines and Parts

   Pratt & Whitney Canada ("PWC") is one of the world's leading producers of
small gas turbine engines and parts for business and regional/commuter aircraft.
PWC supplies small turbine engines and parts for military aircraft and
helicopters. It also supplies  auxiliary power units for large transport
aircraft.  During the years 1992 through 1994, the Corporation's total revenues
from these operations were as follows:

               Year      Total Revenues - Engines &
                                    Parts

               1992            $1,188 million
               1993            $1,081 million
               1994            $1,119 million

   The gas turbine engines manufactured by PWC include the PT6 series of
turboprop/turboshaft engines, which produce up to 1,650 shaft-horsepower, the
JT15D series of turbofan engines, which produce up to 3,190 pounds thrust at
takeoff, and the PW100 series turboprop engines which produces up to 2,750
shaft-horsepower.  Typical applications are six to eighty passenger business and
regional airline aircraft, including the Beech King Air and Super King Air
series, Starship1900D airliner and the Beechjet, Cessna Citation II, Citation V
Ultra, Caravan I, de Havilland Dash 8-100, -200 and -300 series, Embraer EMB-
120, Jetstream ATP and J61, Fokker 50 and 60, Dornier DO 328,
Aerospatiale/Alenia ATR-42 and -72 aircraft, and the Bell 212/412 and Sikorsky
S-76B helicopters.

   On December 31, 1994, more than 17,300 PWC powered aircraft and helicopters
were in use in approximately 160 countries and territories.  During 1994, all
four PWC contenders for the Joint Primary Aircraft Training System ("JPATS")
successfully completed their flight qualification tests, two with the PT6 and
two with the JT15D.
                                     - 8 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>

   The PW300, a 5,000 - 6,000 pounds thrust class turbofan family, was
developed for mid-size business jets under a collaboration agreement with MTU of
Germany.  The base PW305 engine was introduced into service in 1991 and
currently powers two applications:  the Raytheon Hawker 1000 and Learjet Model
60.  A growth version, the PW306, was selected to power the Israel Aircraft
Industries Galaxy aircraft slated for delivery in 1997.

   The PW200 turboshaft engine family was developed to power light and
intermediate helicopters.  The base PW206 is rated between 550 and 650 shaft-
horsepower, and it is installed in the McDonnell Douglas MD Explorer which
entered service in late 1994.  It also powers the Eurocopter EC 135, currently
under development.

   The PW500, a new 2,000 - 4,000 pounds thrust class turbofan family, is also
being developed in conjunction with MTU.  It won two applications in 1994.  The
base PW530A will power the Cessna Citation Bravo, and the growth version, the
PW545A, was selected for the Cessna Citation Excel.

   The PW901A engine is used as the auxiliary power unit for the Boeing 747-400
aircraft to provide starting power and electric power, lighting and air
conditioning.  More than 400 units have now been delivered.

                   Other Pratt & Whitney Segment Information

   Pratt & Whitney's business is subject to rapid changes in technology;
lengthy and costly development cycles; heavy dependence on a small number of
products and programs; changes in legislation and in government procurement and
other regulations and procurement practices (such as the current Defense
Department emphasis on development of prototypes rather than full production of
new systems and on upgrading existing systems rather than developing new
systems); procurement preferences and policies of some foreign customers which
require in-country manufacture through co-production (such as the co-production
of the F100-PW-229 for the South Korean Fighter Program), offset procurement
(where in-country purchases are required as a condition to obtaining orders),
joint ventures and production sharing (such as exist in the case of the IAE
V2500, JT8D, PW300, PW2000 and PW4000 engines), licensing or other arrangements;
substantial competition from major domestic manufacturers and from foreign
manufacturers whose governments sometimes give them direct and indirect research
and development, marketing subsidies and other assistance for their commercial
products; and changes in economic, industrial and international conditions.

   The principal methods of competition in Pratt & Whitney's business are
price, product performance, service, delivery schedule and other terms and
conditions of sale, including fleet introductory assistance allowances and
performance and operating cost guarantees, and the participation by the
Corporation and its finance subsidiaries in customer financing arrangements in
connection with sales of commercial jet engines.  Fleet introductory allowances
are financial incentives offered by the Corporation to airline customers in
order to make engine sales which lead, in turn, to the sale of parts and
services.  Pratt & Whitney's major competitors are the aircraft engine
businesses of GE and Rolls-Royce.  (For information regarding the Corporation's
finance subsidiaries and commitments to finance or arrange financing for
commercial aircraft, see Note 4 of Notes to Financial Statements at pages 32 and
33 of the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners.)

   Historically, it was common to new aircraft programs for only one engine to
be selected for a given airplane.  In those situations, competition between
engine manufacturers occurred principally at the time of the selection of the
engine for the particular aircraft.  However, in the case of most commercial
aircraft today such as the Boeing 747, 757, 767 and 777, the McDonnell Douglas
MD-11, and the Airbus Industrie A300, A310, A320, A321 and A330, aircraft
manufacturers offer their customers a choice of engines, giving rise to
substantial competition among engine manufacturers at the time of the sale of
aircraft.  This competition has become increasingly significant where new
commercial airframe/engine combinations are first introduced to the market and
into the fleets of individual airlines.  Financial incentives granted by engine
suppliers, and performance and operating cost guarantees on their part, are
frequently important factors in such sales and can be substantial.  (For
information regarding participation in guarantees of customer financing
arrangements granted by Pratt & Whitney and performance and operating cost
guarantees, see Notes 1, 4, 13 and 14 of Notes to Financial Statements at pages
31 to 33 and 40 to 42, of the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners.)
                                      - 9 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   Sales of Pratt & Whitney military engines are affected by defense budgets
(both in the U.S. and, to some extent, abroad) and the presence of competitors,
such as General Electric.  Military spare parts sales have been, and will
continue to be, affected by the decline in overall procurement by the U.S. and
foreign governments and, to a lesser extent, by the U.S. and foreign governments
policy of increasing its parts purchases from suppliers other than the original
equipment manufacturers.  The combined impact of these developments is not
believed to be material to the Corporation at the present time.

   Pratt & Whitney sales in the U.S. and Canada are made directly to the
customer by the Corporation and, to a limited extent, through independent
distributors.  Other export sales from the U.S. are made with the assistance of
an overseas network of independent foreign representatives outside the U.S.
Export sales amounted to $2,031 million, or approximately 32 percent, and
$1,934 million, or approximately 33 percent, of total Pratt & Whitney revenues
in 1993 and 1994, respectively.

   Pratt & Whitney's revenues associated with operations outside the U.S.,
which consist primarily of small gas turbine engines and parts manufactured in
the Corporation's plants in Canada, amounted to $1,118 million, or approximately
18 percent, and $1,219  million, or approximately 21 percent, of total Pratt &
Whitney revenues in 1993 and 1994, respectively.  Such operations are subject to
local government regulations as well as to varying political and economic risks.

   At December 31, 1994, the business backlog for Pratt & Whitney amounted to
$9,517 million, including $1,951 million of U.S. Government funded contracts and
subcontracts, as compared to $9,715 million and  $1,828 million, respectively,
at December 31, 1993.  Of the total Pratt & Whitney business backlog at December
31, 1994, approximately $4,762 million is expected to be realized as sales in
1995.  Pratt & Whitney's backlog is based on the terms of firm orders received
and does not include discounts granted directly to airline and other customers.

Flight Systems

   The Corporation's Flight Systems business is conducted through Sikorsky
Aircraft and Hamilton Standard.  Effective January 1, 1995, Sikorsky Aircraft
Division of United Technologies Corporation was incorporated as a separate
wholly-owned subsidiary identified as Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation.

   Flight Systems products are sold principally to the U.S. Government,
airframe and aircraft engine manufacturers, airlines and other aircraft
operators, and foreign governments.  Direct and indirect revenues from sales to
the U.S. Government amounted to $1,948 million, or approximately 61 percent, of
total Flight Systems revenues in 1994.

                      Military and Commercial Helicopters

   Sikorsky is one of the world's leading manufacturers of military and
commercial helicopters. Sikorsky is the primary supplier of transport
helicopters to the U.S. Army.  Sikorsky is also producing helicopters for a
variety of uses including passenger, utility/transport, cargo, anti-submarine
warfare, search and rescue and heavy-lift operations.  In addition to all
branches of the U.S. military, Sikorsky supplies helicopters to foreign
governments and the worldwide commercial market.  Sikorsky's business base also
encompasses spare parts for past and current helicopters produced by Sikorsky,
and, through its subsidiary, Sikorsky Support Services, Inc., repair and
retrofit of helicopters in the U.S. military fleet.  Other helicopter
manufacturers include Bell Helicopters, Eurocopter, Boeing Helicopters,
McDonnell Douglas, Agusta and Westland.

   Current production programs at Sikorsky include the BLACK HAWK medium-
transport helicopter for the U.S. Army and derivatives for foreign governments;
the SEAHAWK medium-sized helicopter for anti-submarine warfare missions for the
U.S. Navy and derivatives for both the U.S. and foreign governments; the HH-60
JAYHAWK medium-range recovery helicopter for the U.S. Coast Guard; the CH-53E
SUPER STALLION heavy-lift helicopter for the U.S. Marine Corps; and the S-76
intermediate-sized helicopter for executive transport, offshore oil platform
support, search and rescue, emergency medical service and other utility
operations.
                                     - 10 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   

   During 1994, 142 new aircraft and 16 aircraft kits were delivered.  Of these
aircraft, 115 were delivered to the U.S. Government; 7 were delivered to other
domestic customers, with the remaining delivered to international customers.

   Although in 1992 Sikorsky was awarded a U.S. Government contract for 300
BLACK HAWK helicopters through June 1997, declining Defense Department budgets
are such that Sikorsky's future will be increasingly dependent upon expanding
its international position.  Typically, these sales are expected to require the
development of an in-country co-production program. In December 1992, Sikorsky
signed a contract to provide up to 95 BLACK HAWK helicopters to the Turkish
Armed Forces.  The first 45 aircraft were produced by Sikorsky and have been
delivered to and accepted by Turkey.  Sikorsky currently plans to negotiate a
contract for the remaining 50 helicopters that are to be co-produced with
Turkish industry participation.

   The S-92, a large cabin derivative of the Black Hawk family, is being
considered for development for commercial and military markets by an
international consortium to be led by Sikorsky.

   Sikorsky is teamed with Boeing Helicopters for the development of the U.S.
Army's next generation light helicopter, the RAH-66 Comanche.  The Boeing
Sikorsky Team is performing under the cost reimbursement contract awarded in
1991.  Initial requirements called for a minimum of 1,292 aircraft.  Based upon
the Department of Defense direction, in January 1993 the Army, Boeing and
Sikorsky restructured the initial contract to create a Demonstration Validation
Prototype Program to design and build prototype aircraft.  In December 1994, the
Defense Department deferred production beyond the year 2000 and directed that
the program be limited to two prototypes.  Sikorsky and Boeing are working with
the Army Comanche Program Office to restructure the program within funding
provisions.  Since production aircraft are not addressed in the restructured
contract, the Corporation cannot predict whether the Comanche will go into
production or predict the quantity of aircraft that ultimately will be built.

                         Other Flight Systems Products

   Hamilton Standard is a leading domestic producer of a number of Flight
Systems products.  Major production programs include engine controls,
environmental controls, flight controls and propellers for commercial and
military aircraft.  Hamilton Standard also produces the space suit for the NASA
space shuttle astronauts and environmental controls for the shuttle's orbiter.
In addition, United Technologies Microelectronics Center designs and fabricates
microelectronics specialty circuits for commercial and military customers.

   International Fuel Cells Corporation ("IFC") develops, manufactures and
sells fuel cell systems and fuel cell electric generating power plants to
commercial, aerospace and military customers.  In 1994, IFC's subsidiary ONSI
Corporation completed development of the cost-reduced Model C version of ONSI's
200 kilowatt PC25TM fuel cell power plant and commenced operation of a prototype
of that model.

                    Other Flight Systems Segment Information

   The Flight Systems business is subject to rapid changes in technology;
lengthy and costly development cycles; heavy dependence on a small number of
products and programs; changes in legislation and in government procurement and
other regulations and procurement practices (such as the current Defense
Department emphasis on development of prototypes rather than full production of
new systems and on upgrading existing systems rather than developing new
systems); declining defense budgets (both in the U.S. and abroad); procurement
preferences and policies of some foreign governments which require in-country
manufacture through co-production or offset procurement (such as co-production
and offset arrangements entered into with the government of Turkey with respect
to the sales discussed above), licensing or other arrangements; substantial
competition from a large number of companies, including competition from major
domestic and foreign manufacturers; and changes in economic, industrial and
international conditions.
                                     - 11 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   
 
   The principal methods of competition in the Flight Systems business are
price, delivery schedules, product performance, service and other terms and
conditions of sale, including participation in the financing of helicopter
sales.

   Sales in the U.S. are usually made directly to the customer by the
Corporation.  Export sales to Canada from the U.S. are made directly to the
customer.  All other export sales are made with the assistance of an overseas
network of independent foreign representatives outside the U.S.  Such export
sales amounted to $1,000 million, or approximately 28 percent, and $680 million,
or approximately 21 percent, of total Flight Systems revenues in 1993 and 1994,
respectively.

   At December 31, 1994, the Flight Systems business backlog amounted to $3,832
million, including $2,646 million under funded contracts and subcontracts with
the U.S. Government, as compared to $4,646 million and  $3,045 million,
respectively, at December 31, 1993.  Of the total Flight Systems business
backlog at December 31, 1994, approximately $2,159 million is expected to be
realized as sales in 1995.

                  Other Matters Relating to the Corporation's
                              Business as a Whole

                            Research and Development

   To maintain its competitive position, the Corporation spends substantial
amounts of its own funds on research and development.  Such expenditures, net of
reimbursements from participating suppliers to the Corporation's advanced
commercial aircraft engine programs which are charged against income as incurred
and relate principally to the Pratt & Whitney business, were $978 million or 4.6
percent of total revenues in 1994, as compared with $1,137 million or 5.4
percent of total revenues in 1993 and $1,221 million or 5.5 percent of total
revenues in 1992.  The Corporation also performs research and development work
under contracts funded by the U.S. Government and some other customers.  Such
contract research and development, which is performed principally in the Pratt &
Whitney business and to a lesser extent in the Flight Systems business, amounted
to $838  million in 1994, as compared with $918 million in 1993 and $1,012
million in 1992.

                   Contracts, Environmental and Other Matters

   Government contracts are subject to termination for the convenience of the
government, in which event the Corporation normally would be entitled to
reimbursement for its allowable costs incurred plus a reasonable profit.

   Most of the Corporation's sales are made under fixed-price type contracts;
only 5 percent of the Corporation's total sales for 1994 were made under cost-
reimbursement type contracts.  Development contracts awarded in 1991 for the
RAH-66 Comanche and the F119 Advanced Tactical Fighter engine are on a cost-
reimbursement basis.

   Like many defense contractors, the Corporation has received allegations from
the U.S. Government that some contract prices should be reduced because cost or
pricing data submitted in negotiation of the contract prices may not have been
in conformance with government regulations.  The Corporation has made voluntary
refunds in those cases it believes appropriate, has settled some allegations,
and does not believe that any further price reductions that may be required will
have a material effect upon its financial position or results of operations.

   The Corporation is now and believes that, in light of the current government
contracting environment, it will be the subject of one or more government
investigations.  See Item 3 Legal Proceedings at page 14 of this Report for
further discussion.
                                     - 12 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>

   Recent peace initiatives and related changes in Eastern Europe have served
to reduce both U.S. and foreign defense spending as a whole.  Management,
however, does not currently believe that Defense Department budget cutbacks will
have a material adverse effect on the profitability of the Corporation due in
part to the Corporation's efforts to reduce its reliance on defense contracts.

   The Corporation purchases substantial quantities of materials, components
and supplies from a large number of sources.  Like other users in the U.S., the
Corporation is largely dependent on foreign sources located in Africa for its
requirements of cobalt, and on sources located in Africa, Eastern and Central
Europe and the countries of the former U.S.S.R. for its requirements of
chromium.  The Corporation does not foresee any unavailability of materials or
components which will have any material adverse effect on its overall business,
or on any of its business segments, in the near term.  To alleviate possible
longer term effects, the Corporation has a number of ongoing programs which
include the expansion of its internal production capacity for precision parts;
the development of new vendor sources; the increased use of more readily
available materials through material substitutions and the development of new
alloys; and conservation of materials through scrap reclamation and new
manufacturing processes such as net shape forging.

   While the Corporation's patents, trademarks, licenses and franchises are
cumulatively important to its business, the Corporation does not believe that
the loss of any one or group of related patents, trademarks, licenses or
franchises would have a material adverse effect on the overall business of the
Corporation or on any of its business segments.

   The Corporation does not anticipate that compliance with federal, state and
local provisions relating to the protection of the environment will have a
material adverse effect upon its capital expenditures, competitive position,
financial position or results of operations.  (Environmental matters are the
subject of certain of the Legal Proceedings described in Item 3 beginning at
page 14 of this Report, and are further addressed in "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Position" at page 24 and
Note 14 of Notes to Financial Statements at pages 41 and 42 of the Corporation's
1994 Annual Report to Shareowners.)

   Most of the laws governing environmental matters include criminal
provisions.  If the Corporation were convicted of a violation of the federal
Clean Air Act or the Clean Water Act, the facility or facilities involved in the
violation would be listed on the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) List of
Violating Facilities.  The listing would continue until the EPA concluded that
the cause of the violation had been cured.  Any listed facility cannot be used
in performing any U.S. Government contract awarded to the Corporation during any
period of listing by the EPA.

                                   Employees

   At December 31, 1994, the Corporation's total employment was approximately
171,500, an increase of approximately 2,900 over the prior year.

Item 2.   Properties

   The Corporation's fixed assets include the plants and warehouses described
below and a substantial quantity of machinery and equipment, most of which is
general purpose machinery and equipment using special jigs, tools and fixtures
and in many instances having modern automatic control features and special
adaptations.  The Corporation's plants, warehouses, machinery and equipment are
in good operating condition, are well maintained, and substantially all of its
facilities are in regular use.  The Corporation considers the present level of
fixed assets capitalized as of December 31, 1994, suitable and adequate for the
respective industry segment's operations in the current business environment.
For a further discussion of management's effort to achieve cost reduction, see
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Position" appearing in the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners,
especially the information contained under the heading "Cost Reduction Actions".
The square footage numbers set forth in the succeeding paragraphs of this Item 2
are approximations.
                                     - 13 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   At December 31, 1994, the Corporation operated (a) plants in the U.S. which
had 35.0 million square feet, of which 5.6 million square feet were leased; (b)
plants outside the U.S. which had 18.6 million square feet, of which 2.4 million
square feet were leased; (c) warehouses in the U.S. which had 5.5 million square
feet, of which 3.9 million square feet were leased; and (d) warehouses outside
the U.S. which had 4.9 million square feet, of which 3.1 million square feet
were leased.

   Otis plants are located in one state, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and
Latin America.  At December 31, 1994, the U.S. plant had an aggregate floor area
of 0.8 million square feet, of which none was leased, and the plants outside the
U.S. had an aggregate floor area of 6.3 million square feet, of which 0.7
million square feet were leased.

    Carrier plants are located in eight states, Europe, Asia, Latin America,
Australia, the Middle East and Canada.  At December 31, 1994, the U.S. plants
had an aggregate floor area of 5.4 million square feet, of which 1.7 million
square feet were leased, and the plants outside the U.S. had an aggregate floor
area of 4.4 million square feet, of which 0.7 million square feet were leased.

   Automotive plants are located in thirteen states, Canada, Honduras, Mexico,
Europe and Asia.  At December 31, 1994, the U.S. plants had an aggregate floor
area of  5.4 million square feet, of which  1.2 million square feet were leased;
and the plants outside the U.S. had an aggregate floor area of  4.2 million
square feet, of which .9 million square feet were leased.

   Pratt & Whitney plants are located in nine states, Canada, Singapore,
Australia, the Netherlands and other areas.  At December 31, 1994, the U.S.
plants had an aggregate floor area of 15.1 million square feet, of which 1.1
million square feet were leased, and the plants outside the U.S. had an
aggregate floor area of 2.9 million square feet, of which 0.2 million square
feet were leased.

   Flight Systems plants are located in eight states, Italy, the Czech Republic
and the Federal Republic of Germany.  At December 31, 1994, the U.S. plants
operated by the Flight Systems segment had aggregate floor areas of 6.9 million
square feet, of which 1.6 million square feet were leased, and the plants
outside the U.S. had aggregate floor areas of 0.7 million square feet, of which
0.1 million square feet were leased.  Flight Systems also operates company-owned
helicopter air fields in Bridgeport and Stratford, Connecticut, and a company-
owned rotary-wing aircraft completion, training and test center in Palm Beach
County, Florida.

   Management believes that the facilities for the production of its products
are suitable and adequate for the business conducted therein, are being
appropriately utilized in line with experience and have sufficient production
capacity for their present intended purposes.  Utilization of the facilities
varies based on demand for the products.  The Corporation continuously reviews
its anticipated requirements for facilities and, based on that review, may from
time to time acquire additional facilities and/or dispose of existing
facilities.

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

   In June 1992, the Department of Justice filed a Civil False Claims Act
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut,
NO. 592CV375, against Sikorsky Aircraft alleging that the government was
overcharged by nearly $4 million in connection with the pricing of parts
supplied for the reconditioning of the Navy's Sea King helicopter.  The
Complaint seeks treble damages plus a $10,000 penalty for each false claim
submitted. Management believes that resolution of this matter will not have a
material adverse effect upon its capital expenditures, competitive position,
financial position or results of operations.

   The Corporation's Pratt & Whitney unit is the subject of a Department of
Justice investigation relating to its government contracts accounting practices
for aircraft engine parts produced by foreign companies under certain commercial
engine collaboration programs.  Pratt & Whitney made a voluntary payment of
$13,932,000 to the U.S. Government on December 23, 1992.  The Corporation has
produced documents and employees have testified before a grand jury in the
District of Connecticut.  The Corporation has filed an action with the Armed
Services Board of Contract Appeals which seeks to confirm that its accounting
treatment is correct.   Management believes that resolution of this matter will
not have a material adverse effect upon its capital expenditures, competitive
position, financial position or results of operations.
                                     - 14 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
   In March 1992, the Corporation received a subpoena from the Department of
Defense Inspector General requesting documents in connection with Pratt &
Whitney's sales of goods and services to the Israeli Government.  The
investigation relates to the activities of former Israeli General Rami Dotan who
pleaded guilty in Israel to engaging in corrupt practices in connection with
Israeli Air Force procurements involving another engine manufacturer.  A federal
grand jury in the Southern District of Florida is investigating this matter.  In
addition, the Civil Division of the Department of Justice has indicated its
intent to pursue this matter under the False Claims Act.  The Department of
Justice has calculated single damages of $10 million and, under the False Claims
Act, these damages could be trebled.  Management believes that resolution of
this matter will not have a material adverse effect upon its capital
expenditures, competitive position, financial position or results of operations.

   A federal grand jury continues to investigate alleged violations of law in
connection with marketing and sale of helicopters and related services to the
Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  The Corporation has responded to a
grand jury subpoena requesting documents in connection with this matter, and
several current and former employees and business associates have been
interviewed.  A related civil suit filed by a former employee has been settled.
Management believes that resolution of this matter will not have a material
adverse effect upon its capital expenditures, competitive position, financial
position or results of operations.

   The Corporation is now, and believes that, in light of the current
government contracting environment, it will be the subject of one or more
government investigations.  If the Corporation or one of its business units were
charged with wrongdoing as a result of any of these investigations, the
Corporation or one of its business units could be suspended from bidding on or
receiving awards of new government contracts pending the completion of legal
proceedings.  If convicted or found liable, the Corporation could be fined and
debarred from new government contracting for a period generally not to exceed
three years.  Any contracts found to be tainted by fraud could be voided by the
Government.

   Various state and federal government authorities have designated the
Corporation as a potentially responsible party for liabilities under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA)
and similar state statutes.  Said authorities seek expenditures and damages for
contamination due to the release of pollutants into the environment.  The
Corporation believes that any payments it may be required to make as a result of
these claims will not be material to the business or financial condition of the
Corporation.  The Corporation has had liability and property insurance in force
over its history with a number of insurance companies, and the Corporation has
commenced litigation seeking indemnity and defense under these insurance
policies.  Settlements to date, which have not been material, have been recorded
upon receipt.  It is expected that one or more of these cases will last several
years.  (For information regarding the matters discussed in this paragraph, see
"Environmental Matters" in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Position at page 24 and Note 14 of the Notes to
Financial Statements at pages 41 and 42 of the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report
to Shareowners.)

   UT Automotive received a letter from the United States Environmental
Protection Agency, Region V, dated January 26, 1995, alleging violations of
certain provisions of water discharge permits issued under the Clean Water Act
at the facility formerly owned and operated by UT Automotive in Columbus City,
Indiana.  The Corporation is discussing the allegations with EPA.  Management
believes that resolution of this matter will not have a material adverse effect
upon its capital expenditures, competitive position, financial position or
results of operation.

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

   No matters were submitted to security holders for a vote during the fourth
quarter ended December 31, 1994.
                                     - 15 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
-----     Executive Officers of the Registrant

   The executive officers of United Technologies Corporation, together with the
offices in United Technologies Corporation presently held by them, their
business experience since January 1, 1990, and their ages, are as follows:

                                       Other Business            Age
Name             Title                 Experience                2/1/95
                                       Since 1/1/90

Norman R.        President, UT         President, Electrical     52
Bodine           Automotive (since     Systems & Components;
                 1992)                 President, Automotive
                                       Products Division, UT
                                       Automotive

Eugene Buckley   President, Sikorsky          -------            64
                 Aircraft (since
                 1987)

William L.       Senior Vice           Vice President, Human     52
Bucknall, Jr.    President, Human      Resources &
                 Resources &           Organization, United
                 Organization (since   Technologies; Vice
                 1992)                 President, Human
                                       Resources, Carrier

Mark S. Coran    Executive Vice        Vice President,           51
                 President,            Controller, United
                 Operations, Pratt &   Technologies; Vice
                 Whitney (since 1991)  President, Group
                                       Finance, Pratt & Whitney

Robert F.        Chairman (since       Chief Executive Officer;  61
Daniell          1987)                 President and Chief
                                       Operating Officer

George David     President and Chief   Executive Vice President  52
                 Operating Officer     and President,
                 (since 1992); Chief   Commercial/Industrial
                 Executive Officer
                 (since 1994)

Thomas J. Fay    Senior Vice           Senior Vice President,    61
                 President,            Corporate Affairs, Aetna
                 Communications        Life & Casualty
                 (since 1990)

Frederick C.     Vice President,       Director, Financial       44
Flynn, Jr.       Treasurer (since      Programs; Director,
                 1989)                 Business Development

William S.       President, Carrier    President, Carrier North  52
Frago            Corporation (since    American Operations;
                 1992)                 Vice President,
                                       Worldwide Marketing &
                                       Product Management,
                                       General Electric
                                       Lighting

Bruno Grob       President, European   President, Otis France    45
                 & Transcontinental
                 Operations, Otis
                 Elevator (since
                 1992)

                                     - 16 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
                                       Other Business            Age
Name             Title                 Experience                2/1/95
                                       Since 1/1/90

Robert J.        Senior Vice           Vice President, Science   61
Hermann          President, Science &  & Technology
                 Technology (since
                 1992)

Karl J. Krapek   President, Pratt &    Chairman, President and   46
                 Whitney               Chief Executive Officer,
                 (since 1992)          Carrier Corporation;
                                       President, Otis Elevator

George E.        Vice President -      Partner - Price           45
Minnich          Controller            Waterhouse
                 (since 1993)

Stephen F. Page  Executive Vice        Executive Vice President  55
                 President             and Chief
                 and Chief Financial   Financial Officer, Black
                 Officer (since 1993)  & Decker Corporation

William F. Paul  Senior Vice           Senior Vice President,    58
                 President,            Washington Office
                 Government Affairs
                 (since 1991)

Karl M. Thomas   Executive Vice        Group Vice President,     58
                 President,            Operations; President,
                 Technical, Pratt &    Manufacturing, Pratt &
                 Whitney (since 1991)  Whitney

William H.       Vice President,       Vice President and        51
Trachsel         Secretary and Deputy  Deputy General Counsel
                 General Counsel
                 (since 1993)

Jean-Pierre van  President, Otis       Executive Vice President  60
Rooy             Elevator (since       and Chief Operating
                 1991)                 Officer; President,
                                       North American
                                       Operations, Otis
                                       Elevator

Robert A. Wolfe  Executive Vice        Executive Vice            56
                 President,            President, Military and
                 Pratt & Whitney and   Space Aero Propulsion
                 President,
                 Large Commercial
                 Engines (since 1994)

Irving B.        Executive Vice             -------              49
Yoskowitz        President and
                 General Counsel
                 (since 1990)

All of the officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors of United
Technologies Corporation or the subsidiary designated.

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters

   See "Comparative Stock Data" appearing on page 46 of the Corporation's 1994
Annual Report to its Shareowners containing the following data relating to the
Corporation's Common Stock: principal market, quarterly high and low sales
prices, approximate number of shareowners and frequency and amount of dividends.
All such data are incorporated by reference in this Report.

                                     - 17 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
 Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

   See the Five Year Summary appearing on page 15 of the Corporation's 1994
Annual Report to its Shareowners containing the following data: sales, net
income, primary and fully diluted earnings per share, cash dividends on Common
Stock, total assets and long-term debt.  All such data are incorporated by
reference in this Report.

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
          Operations and Financial Position

   See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and
Financial Position" appearing on pages 16 through 25 of the Corporation's 1994
Annual Report to its Shareowners; such discussion and analysis is incorporated
by reference in this Report.

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

   The 1994 and 1993 Balance Sheets, and other financial statements for the
years 1994, 1993 and 1992, together with the report thereon of Price Waterhouse
LLP dated January 26, 1995, appearing on pages 26 through 45 in the
Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to its Shareowners are incorporated by
reference in this Report.

   The 1994 and 1993 Selected Quarterly Financial Data appearing on page 46 in
the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to its Shareowners are incorporated by
reference in this Report.

 Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure

   Not applicable.

 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

   The information required by Item 10 with respect to directors is
incorporated herein by reference from pages 4 through 7 of the Corporation's
Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareowners.  Information
regarding executive officers is contained in Part I of this Report pages 16
through 17 and the section entitled "Certain Filings" at page 8 of the 1995
Proxy Statement.

Item 11.   Executive Compensation

   The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from
pages 21 through 25 of the Corporation's Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual
Meeting of Shareowners.  Such incorporation by reference shall not be deemed to
specifically incorporate by reference the information referred to in Item
402(a)(8) of Regulation S-K.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

   The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from
pages 7 and 8 of the Corporation's Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual Meeting
of Shareowners.

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

   The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from
page 8 of the Corporation's Proxy Statement for the 1995 Annual Meeting of
Shareowners.

                                     - 18 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

                                                    Page No. in
                                                   Annual Report

 (a) (1)  Financial Statements (incorporated by
            reference from the
            1994 Annual Report to Shareowners):

          Report of Independent Accountants              26
          Consolidated Statement of Operations
            for the Three Years ended December           27
            31, 1994
          Consolidated Balance Sheet--December           28
            31, 1994 and 1993
          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
            for the Three Years ended December           29
            31, 1994
          Consolidated Statement of Changes in
            Shareowners' Equity for the Three            30
            Years ended December 31, 1994
          Notes to Financial Statements                  31
          Consolidated Summary of Business               42
            Segment Financial Data
          Selected Quarterly Financial Data              46
          (Unaudited)

                                                    Page No. in
                                                     Form 10-K

 (a) (2)  Financial Statement Schedule:
          For the three years ended December 31,
          1994:

          Report of Independent Accountants on
            Financial Statement Schedule                S-1


    VIII  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts             S-2

          Consent of Independent Accountants            F-1

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

(a)(3) Exhibits:

     (3)   (i)       Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i)

           (ii)      Bylaws*

     (4)   (i)       In accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K
                     of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
                     the Corporation hereby agrees to furnish upon
                     request to the Commission a copy of each
                     instrument defining the rights of holders of
                     long-term debt of the Corporation and its
                     consolidated subsidiaries and any
                     unconsolidated subsidiaries for which
                     financial statements otherwise would be
                     required to be filed with this annual report
                     on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                     1994

                                     - 19 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
     (10)  (i)       United Technologies Corporation 1979 Long
                     Term Incentive Plan (i)
           (ii)      United Technologies Corporation Annual
                     Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. (i)
           (iii)     United Technologies Corporation Disability
                     Insurance Benefits for Executive Control
                     Group. (i)
           (iv)      United Technologies Corporation Executive
                     Estate Preservation Program. (i)
           (v)       Pension Preservation Plan. (i)
           (vi)      Senior Executive Severance Plan. (i)
           (vii)     United Technologies Corporation Deferred
                     Compensation Plan (i)
           (viii)    Otis Elevator Company Incentive Compensation
                     Plan. (i)
           (ix)      Directors Retirement Plan. (i)
           (x)       United Technologies Corporation Deferred
                     Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors.
                     (i)
           (xi)      United Technologies Corporation Long Term
                     Incentive Plan. (i)
           (xii)     United Technologies Corporation Executive
                     Disability, Income Protection and Standard
                     Separation Agreement Plan. (i)
           (xiii)    United Technologies Corporation Directors'
                     Restricted Stock/Unit Program. (i)
           (xiv)     United Technologies Corporation Directors'
                     Stock and Deferred Stock Unit Retainer
                     Program. (ii)
           (xv)      United Technologies Corporation Pension
                     Replacement Plan. (ii)

     (11)  Statement re Computation of Per Share Earnings *

     (12)  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges *

     (13)  Annual Report to Shareowners for year ended December 31,
           1994 (except for the pages and information thereof
           expressly incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K,
           the Annual Report to Shareowners is provided solely for
           the information of the Securities and Exchange
           Commission and is not to be deemed "filed" as part of
           this Form 10-K) *

     (21)  Subsidiaries of the Registrant *

     (24)  Powers of Attorney of Howard H. Baker, Jr., Antonia
           Handler Chayes, Robert F. Daniell, Robert F. Dee,
           Charles W. Duncan, Jr., Pehr G. Gyllenhammar, Gerald D.
           Hines, Charles R. Lee, Robert H. Malott, Harold A.
           Wagner and Jacqueline G. Wexler *

     (27)  Financial Data Schedule *

     Notes to exhibits:

        *     Submitted electronically herewith.

       (i)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit of the same
              number to United Technologies Corporation Annual
              Report or Form 10K (Commission file number 1-812) for
              fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

       (ii)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit of the same
              number to United Technologies Corporation Annual
              Report or Form 10K (Commission file number 1-812) for
              fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

(b)   A report on Form 8-K was filed by the Registrant on January
      19, 1994, in response to both Item 5 and Item 7.
                                     - 20 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
                         UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
                         (Registrant)
                         By   /s/ Stephen F. Page
                         Stephen F. Page,
                         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Date:  March 29, 1995

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated, on the date set forth below.

     Signature                Title                          Date

     /s/ GEORGE DAVID         President and Chief            March 29, 1995
     (George David)           Executive Officer; Director

     /s/ GEORGE E. MINNICH    Vice President - Controller;
     (George E. Minnich)      Principal Accounting Officer

     /s/ STEPHEN F. PAGE      Executive Vice President
     (Stephen F. Page)        and Chief Financial Officer

     ROBERT F. DANIELL *      Chairman, Director)
     (Robert F. Daniell)

     HOWARD H. BAKER, JR *    Director   )
     (Howard H. Baker, Jr.)

     ANTONIA HANDLER CHAYES * Director  )
     (Antonia Handler Chayes)

     ROBERT F. DEE *          Director   )
     (Robert F. Dee)

     CHARLES W. DUNCAN, JR. * Director  )
     (Charles W. Duncan, Jr.)

     PEHR G. GYLLENHAMMAR *   Director  ) ...........By: /s/William H. Trachsel
     (Pehr G. Gyllenhammar)                              (William H. Trachsel)
                                                         Attorney-in-fact
     GERALD D. HINES *        Director   )               Date: March 29, 1995
     (Gerald D. Hines)

     CHARLES R. LEE *         Director   )
     (Charles R. Lee)

     ROBERT H. MALOTT *       Director   )
     (Robert H. Malott)

     HAROLD A. WAGNER *       Director   )
     (Harold A. Wagner)

     JACQUELINE G. WEXLER *   Director  )
     (Jacqueline G. Wexler)
     

                                     - 21 -
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON

                          FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE



To the Board of Directors
   of United Technologies Corporation


     Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our
report dated January 26, 1995 appearing on page 26 of the 1994 Annual Report to
Shareowners of United Technologies Corporation (which report and consolidated
financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form
10-K) also included an audit of the Financial Statement Schedule listed in Item
14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K.  In our opinion, the Financial Statement Schedule
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.





Price Waterhouse LLP
Hartford, Connecticut
January 26, 1995




                                      S-1
                                    PAGE
<PAGE>
<TABLE><CAPTION>                                         SCHEDULE VIII


                UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
               Schedule VIII - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                      Three Years Ended December 31, 1994
                             (Millions of Dollars)


Allowances for Doubtful Accounts and Other Customer Financing Activity:
<S>                                                    <C>                  
Balance December 31, 1991                              $       141
  Provision charged to income                                  414
  Doubtful accounts written off (net)                          (19)
  Other adjustments                                            (12)

Balance December 31, 1992                                      524
  Provision charged to income                                   40
  Doubtful accounts written off (net)                          (72)
  Other adjustments                                            (26)

Balance December 31, 1993                                      466
  Provision charged to income                                  107
  Doubtful accounts written off (net)                          (52)
  Other adjustments                                            (12)

Balance December 31, 1994                              $       509



Future Income Tax Benefits - Valuation allowance:

Balance December 31, 1991                              $         -
  Additions due to adoption of FAS 109                         149
  Additions charged to income tax expense                       68

Balance December 31, 1992                                      217
  Additions charged to income tax expense                      130
  Reductions credited to income tax expense                    (50)

Balance December 31, 1993                                      297
  Additions charged to income tax expense                      109
  Reductions credited to income tax expense                    (51)

Balance December 31, 1994                              $       355



</TABLE>

                                      S-2
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>

                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectuses
constituting part of the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 33-46916, 33-
40163, 33-34320, 33-31514, 33-29687 and 33-6452) and Form S-8 (Nos. 33-57769, 
33-45440, 33-11255, 33-26580, 33-26627, 33-28974, 33-51385, and 2-87322) of 
United Technologies Corporation of our report dated January 26, 1995 appearing 
on page 26 of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners which is incorporated by 
reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We also consent to the 
incorporation by reference of our report on the Financial Statement Schedule, 
which appears on page S-1 of this Form 10-K.




Price Waterhouse LLP
Hartford, Connecticut
March 29, 1995


                                      F-1
                                    PAGE
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>




                                       1

                             Adopted April 17, 1994


                                     BYLAWS

                                       OF

                        UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                                   SECTION 1

                             SHAREHOLDER'S MEETINGS



  SECTION  1.1  Annual Meetings.     Annual meetings of shareholders shall be
held on or prior to April 30 in each year for the purpose of electing directors
and transacting such other proper business as may come before the meeting.

  SECTION  1.2  Special Meetings.     Special meetings of shareholders may be
called from time to time by the Board of Directors or by the chief executive
officer of the Corporation.  Special meetings shall be held solely for the
purpose or purposes specified in the notice of meeting.

  SECTION  1.3  Time and Place of Meetings.     Subject to the provisions of
Section 1.1, each meeting of shareholders shall be held on such date, at such
hour and at such place as fixed by the Board of Directors or in the notice of
the meeting or, in the case of an adjourned meeting, as announced at the meeting
at which the adjournment is taken.

  SECTION  1.4  Notice of Meetings.     A written notice of each meeting of
shareholders, stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case
of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called,
shall be given either personally or by mail to each shareholder entitled to vote
at the meeting.  Unless otherwise provided by statute, the notice shall be given
not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting and,
if mailed, shall be deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid,
directed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on the records of the
Corporation.  No notice need be given to any person with whom communication is
unlawful, nor shall there be any duty to apply for any permit or license to give
notice to any such person.  If the time and place of an adjourned meeting of
shareholders are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, no
notice need be given of the adjourned meeting unless that adjournment is for
more than thirty days or unless, after the adjournment, a new record date is
fixed for the adjourned meeting.

  SECTION  1.5  Waiver of Notice.     Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, notice of any meeting of shareholders need not be given to any
shareholder who in person or by proxy shall have waived in writing notice of the
meeting, either before or after such meeting, or who shall attend the meeting in
person or by proxy, unless he attends for the express purpose of objecting, at
the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

  SECTION  1.6  Quorum and Manner of Acting.     Subject to the provisions of
these bylaws, the certificate of incorporation and statute as to the vote that
is required for a specified action, the presence in person or by proxy of the
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       2
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to
vote at any meeting of shareholders shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the vote in person or by proxy of the holders of a
majority of the shares constituting such quorum shall be binding on all
shareholders of the Corporation.  A majority of the shares present in person or
by proxy and entitled to vote may, regardless of whether or not they constitute
a quorum, adjourn the meeting to another time and place.  Any business which
might have been transacted at the original meeting may be transacted at any
adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present.

  SECTION  1.7  Voting.     Shareholders shall be entitled to cumulative voting
at all elections of directors to the extent provided in or pursuant to the
certificate of incorporation.  Shareholders may vote by proxy, provided that the
instrument authorizing such proxy to act shall have been executed in writing
(which shall include telegraph or cable) by the shareholder himself or by his
duly authorized attorney.  No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three
years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

  SECTION  1.8  Judges.     The votes at each meeting of shareholders shall be
supervised by not less than two judges who shall decide all questions respecting
the qualification of voters, the validity of the proxies and the acceptance or
rejection of votes.  The judges shall be appointed by the Board of Directors but
if, for any reason, there are less than two judges present and acting at any
meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint an additional judge or judges
so that there shall always be at least two judges to act at the meeting.

  SECTION  1.9  List of Shareholders.     A complete list of the shareholders
entitled to vote at each meeting of shareholders, arranged in alphabetical
order, and showing the address and number of shares registered in the name of
each shareholder, shall be prepared and made available for examination during
regular business hours by any shareholder for any purpose germane to the
meeting.  The list shall be available for such examination at the place where
the meeting is to be held for a period of not less than ten days prior to the
meeting and during the whole time of the meeting.

  SECTION  1.10  Notice of Shareholder Business.     At an annual meeting of
the shareholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been
brought before the meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors
or (b) by any shareholder of the Corporation who complies with the notice
procedures set forth in this Section 1.10.  For business to be properly brought
before an annual meeting by a shareholder, the shareholder must have given
timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.  To be
timely, a shareholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at
the principal executive offices of the Corporation, not less than thirty days
nor more than sixty days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the
event that less than forty days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date
of the meeting is given or made to the shareholders, notice by the shareholder
to be timely must be received not later than the close of business on the 10th
day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting was
mailed or such public disclosure was made.  A shareholder's notice to the
Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the shareholder proposes to bring
before the annual meeting (a) a brief description of the business desired to be
brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business
at the annual meeting; (b) the name and address, as they appear on the
Corporation's books, of the shareholder proposing such business; (c) the class
and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the
shareholder; and (d) any material interest of the shareholder in such business.
Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       3
conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this Section 1.10.  The chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the
facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not
properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 1.10, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the
meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not
be transacted.  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.10, a
shareholder seeking to have a proposal included in the Corporation's proxy
statement shall comply with the requirements of Regulation 14A under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including, but not limited to, Rule
14a-8 or its successor provision).

  SECTION  1.11  Notice of Shareholder Nominees.     Only persons who are
nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws shall be
eligible for election as directors.  Nominations of persons for election to the
Board of Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of shareholders
(a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) by any shareholder
of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting
who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11.
Nominations by shareholders shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing
to the Secretary of the Corporation.  To be timely, a shareholder's notice shall
be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the
Corporation not less than thirty days nor more than sixty days prior to the
meeting; provided, however, that in the event that less than forty days' notice
or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to
shareholders, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so received not
later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such
notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made.
Such shareholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the
shareholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, all
information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in
solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in
each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy
statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to
the shareholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on
the Corporation's books, of such shareholder and (ii) the class and number of
shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such shareholder.  At
the request of the Board of Directors any person nominated by the Board of
Directors for election as a director shall furnish to the Secretary of the
Corporation that information required to be set forth in a shareholder's notice
of nomination which pertains to the nominee.  No person shall be eligible for
election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with
the procedures set forth in these bylaws.  The chairman of the meeting shall, if
the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that nomination was not
made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if he
should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective
nomination shall be disregarded.

  SECTION  1.12 (a)  Consents to Corporate Action.     Any action which is
required to be or may be taken at any annual or special meeting of shareholders
of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of Subsections (b) and (c) of this
Section 1.12, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a
vote if consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall have been
signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or to take such action at a
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted;
provided, however, that prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       4
without a meeting and by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to
those shareholders who have not consented in writing.

  (b)   Determination of Record Date of Action by Written Consent.
The record date for determining shareholders entitled to express consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be fixed by the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.  Any shareholder of record seeking to have the
shareholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent without a
meeting shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of
Directors to fix a record date.  Upon receipt of such a request, the Secretary
shall place such request before the Board of Directors at its next regularly
scheduled meeting, provided, however, that if the shareholder represents in such
request that he intends, and is prepared, to commence a consent solicitation as
soon as is permitted by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
regulations thereunder and other applicable law, the Secretary shall as promptly
as practicable, call a special meeting of the Board of Directors, which meeting
shall be held as promptly as practicable.  At such regular or special meeting,
the Board of Directors shall fix a record date as provided in Section 213(a) (or
its successor provision) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.  Should the
Board fail to fix a record date as provided for in this Subsection (b), then the
record date shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed.

  (c)   Procedures for Written Consent.   In the event of the delivery to the
Corporation of a written consent or consents purporting to represent the
requisite voting power to authorize or take corporate action and/or related
revocations, the Secretary of the Corporation shall provide for the safekeeping
of such consents and revocations and shall, as promptly as practicable, engage
nationally recognized independent judges of election for the purpose of promptly
performing a ministerial review of the validity of the consents and revocations.
No action by written consent and without a meeting shall be effective until such
judges have completed their review, determined that the requisite number of
valid and unrevoked consents has been obtained to authorize or take the action
specified in the consents, and certified such determination for entry in the
records of the Corporation kept for the purpose of recording the proceedings of
meetings of shareholders.


                                   SECTION 2

                               Board of Directors

  SECTION  2.1  Number and Term of Office.     The number of directors shall be
not less than 10 nor more than 19.  The exact number, within those limits, shall
be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Each director shall hold
office until a successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier death,
resignation or removal.

  SECTION  2.2  Election.     The directors shall be elected annually by
written ballot and, at each election, the nominees receiving the greatest number
of votes shall be the directors.

  SECTION  2.3  Organization Meetings.     As promptly as practicable after
each annual meeting of shareholders, an organization meeting of the Board of
Directors shall be held for the purpose of organization and the transaction of
other business.

  SECTION  2.4  Stated Meetings.     The Board of Directors may provide for
stated meetings of the Board.
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       5

  SECTION  2.5  Special Meetings.     Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called from time to time by any four directors, by the chief
executive officer, or by the chief operating officer of the Corporation in
concert with two directors.

  SECTION  2.6  Business of Meetings.     Except as otherwise expressly
provided in these bylaws, any and all business may be transacted at any meeting
of the Board of Directors; provided, that if so stated in the notice of meeting,
the business transacted at a special meeting shall be limited to the purpose or
purposes specified in the notice.

  SECTION  2.7  Time and Place of Meetings.     Subject to the provisions of
Section 2.3, each meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held on such date,
at such hour and in such place as fixed by the Board or in the notice of waivers
of notice of the meeting or, in the case of an adjourned meeting, as announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken.

  SECTION  2.8  Notice of Meetings.     No notice need be given of any
organization or stated meeting of the Board of Directors for which the date,
hour and place have been fixed by the Board.  Notice of the date, hour and place
of all other organization and stated meetings, and of all special meetings,
shall be given to each director personally, by telephone or telegraph or by
mail.  If by mail, the notice shall be deposited in the United States mail,
postage prepaid, directed to the director at his residence or usual place of
business as the same appear on the books of the Corporation not later than four
days before the meeting.  If given by telegraph, the notice shall be directed to
the director at his residence or usual place of business as the same appear on
the books of the Corporation not later than at any time during the day before
the meeting.  If given personally or by telephone, the notice shall be given not
later than the day before the meeting.

  SECTION  2.9  Waiver of Notice.     Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, notice of any meeting of the Board of Directors need not be
given to any director who shall have waived in writing notice of the meeting,
either before or after the meeting, or who shall attend such meeting, unless he
attends for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting,
to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened.

  SECTION  2.10  Attendance by Telephone.     Directors may participate in
meetings of the Board of Directors by means of conference telephone or similar
communications equipment by means of which all directors participating in the
meeting can hear one another, and such participation shall constitute presence
in person at the meeting.

  SECTION  2.11  Quorum and Manner of Acting.     One-third of the total number
of directors at the time provided for pursuant to Section 2.1 shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors
and, except as otherwise provided in these bylaws, in the certificate of
incorporation or by statute, the act of a majority of the directors present at
any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board.  A
majority of the directors present at any meeting, regardless of whether or not
they constitute a quorum, may adjourn the meeting to another time or place.  Any
business which might have been transacted at the original meeting may be
transacted at any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present.


                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       6
  SECTION  2.12  Action Without a Meeting.     Any action which could be taken
at a meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all of
the directors consent to the action in writing and the writing or writings are
filed with the minutes of the Board.

  SECTION  2.13  Compensation of Directors.     Each director of the
Corporation who is not a salaried officer or employee of the Corporation, or of
a subsidiary of the Corporation, may receive compensation for serving as a
director and for serving as a member of any Committee of the Board, and may also
receive fees for attendance at any meetings of the Board or any Committee of the
Board, and the Board may from time to time fix the amount and method of payment
of such compensation and fees; provided, that no director of the Corporation
shall receive any bonus or share in the earnings or profits of the Corporation
or any subsidiary of the Corporation except pursuant to a plan approved by the
shareholders at a meeting called for the purpose.  The Board may also, by vote
of a majority of disinterested directors, provide for and pay fair compensation
to directors rendering services to the Corporation not ordinarily rendered by
directors as such.

  SECTION  2.14  Resignation of Directors.     Any director may resign at any
time upon written notice to the Corporation.  The resignation shall become
effective at the time specified in the notice and, unless otherwise provided in
the notice, acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it
effective.

  SECTION  2.15  Removal of Directors.     Any director may be removed, either
for or without cause, at any time, by the affirmative vote of the holders of
record of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote at a
meeting of the shareholders called for the purpose, and the vacancy in the Board
caused by any such removal may be filled by the shareholders at such meeting or
at any subsequent meeting; provided, that no director elected by a class vote of
less than all the outstanding shares of the Corporation may, so long as the
right to such a class vote continues in effect, be removed pursuant to this
section except for cause and by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of
a majority of the outstanding shares of such class at a meeting called for the
purpose, and the vacancy in the Board caused by the removal of any such director
may, so long as the right to such class vote continues in effect, be filled by
the holders of the outstanding shares of such class at such meeting or at any
subsequent meeting; provided, further, that if less than all the directors then
in office are to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the
votes cast against his removal would be sufficient to elect him if then
cumulatively voted at an election of the whole Board of Directors or, in the
case of directors elected by a class vote the right to which is still then in
effect, if the votes cast against his removal would be sufficient to elect him
if then cumulatively voted at an election of the class of directors of which he
is a part.

  SECTION  2.16  Filling of Vacancies Not Caused by Removal.     Vacancies and
newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number
of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office,
although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director; provided, that if
the vacancy to be filled would, at an election of the whole Board of Directors,
be filled by a class vote of less than all of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation, and if any of the directors remaining in office were elected by the
same class, such majority vote of the directors shall be effective only if it is
concurred in by a majority of the remaining directors elected by such class, or
by a sole remaining director elected by such class.  If for any reason there
shall be no directors in office, any officer or any shareholder or any executor,
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       7
administrator, trustee or guardian of a shareholder, or other fiduciary with
like responsibility for the person or estate of a shareholder, may call a
special meeting of shareholders in accordance with the provisions of these
bylaws for the purpose of electing directors.


                                   SECTION 3

                      Committees of the Board of Directors


  SECTION  3.1  Executive Committee.     By resolution adopted by an
affirmative vote of the majority of the whole Board of Directors, the Board may
appoint an Executive Committee consisting of the directors who occupy the
offices of the Chairman, chief executive and operating officers of the
Corporation, ex officio, and two or more other directors and, if deemed
desirable, one or more directors as alternate members who may replace any
absentee or disqualified member at any meeting of the Executive Committee.  If
so appointed, the Executive Committee shall, when the Board is not in session,
have all the power and authority of the Board in the management of the business
and affairs of the Corporation not reserved to the Board by Section 3.3.  The
Executive Committee shall keep a record of its acts and proceedings and shall
report the same from time to time to the Board of Directors.

  SECTION  3.2  Other Committees.     By resolution adopted by an affirmative
vote of the majority of the whole Board of Directors, the Board may from time to
time appoint such other Committees of the Board, consisting of one or more
directors and, if deemed desirable, one or more directors who shall act as
alternate members and who may replace any absentee or disqualified member at any
meeting of the Committee, and may delegate to each such Committee any of the
powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs
of the Corporation not reserved to the Board pursuant to Section 3.3.  Each such
Committee shall keep a record of its acts and proceedings.

  SECTION  3.3  Powers Reserved to the Board.     No Committee of the Board
shall take any action to amend the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws,
adopt any agreement to merge or consolidate the Corporation, declare any
dividend or recommend to the shareholders a sale, lease or exchange of all or
substantially all of the assets and property of the Corporation, a dissolution
of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution of the Corporation; nor
shall any Committee of the Board take any action which is required in these
bylaws, in the certificate of incorporation or by statute to be taken by a vote
of a specified proportion of the whole Board of Directors.

  SECTION  3.4  Election of Committee Members;   Vacancies.     So far as
practicable, members of the Committees of the Board and their alternates (if
any) shall be appointed at each organization meeting of the Board of Directors
and, unless sooner discharged by an affirmative vote of the majority of the
whole Board, shall hold office until the next organization meeting of the Board
and until their respective successors are appointed.  In the absence or
disqualification of any member of a Committee of the Board, the member or
members (including alternates) present at any meeting of the Committee and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another director to act at the meeting in place of any
absent or disqualified member.  Vacancies in Committees of the Board created by
death, resignation or removal may be filled by an affirmative vote of a majority
of the whole Board of Directors.

                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       8
  SECTION  3.5  Meetings.     Each Committee of the Board may provide for
stated meetings of such Committee.  Special meetings of each Committee may be
called by any two members of the Committee (or, if there is only one member, by
that member in concert with the chief executive officer) or by the chief
executive and chief operating officers of the Corporation.  The provisions of
Section 2 regarding the business, time and place, notice and waivers of notice
of meetings, attendance at meetings and action without a meeting shall apply to
each Committee of the Board, except that the references in such provisions to
the directors and the Board of Directors shall be deemed respectively to be
references to the members of the Committee and to the Committee.

  SECTION  3.6  Quorum and Manner of Acting.     A majority of the members of
any Committee of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business at meetings of the Committee, and the act of a majority of the members
present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the
Committee.  A majority of the members present at any meeting, regardless of
whether or not they constitute a quorum, may adjourn the meeting to another time
or place.  Any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting
may be transacted at any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present.


                                   SECTION 4

                                    Officers

  SECTION  4.1  Election and Appointment.     The elected officers of the
Corporation shall consist of a Chairman, a President, one or more Vice
Presidents, a Controller, a Treasurer, a Secretary and such other elected
officers as shall from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors.
The Board shall designate from among such elected officers a chief executive
officer, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer and a chief
accounting officer of the Corporation, and may from time to time make, or
provide for, other designations it deems appropriate.  The Board may also
appoint, or provide for the appointment of, such other officers and agents as
may from time to time appear necessary or advisable in the conduct of the
affairs of the Corporation.  Any number of offices may be held by the same
person, except no person may at the same time be both the chief executive and
the chief financial officer.

  SECTION 4.2  Duties of the Chairman.    The Chairman shall preside, when
present, at each meeting of shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of
Directors and the Executive Committee.  He shall have general supervision of the
affairs of the Corporation and over the chief executive officer in the discharge
of his duties, and shall have such other powers and duties as may from time to
time be committed to him by the Board of Directors.

  SECTION   4.3  Duties of the Chief Executive Officer.     Under the general
supervision of the Chairman, the chief executive officer of the Corporation
shall, in the absence of the Chairman, preside at all meetings of shareholders
and at all meetings of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee and,
except to the extent otherwise provided in these bylaws or by the Board, shall
have general authority to execute any and all documents in the name of the
Corporation and general and active supervision and control of all of the
business and affairs of the Corporation.  In the absence of the chief executive
officer, his duties shall be performed and his powers may be exercised by the
chief operating officer or by such other officer as shall be designated either
by the chief executive officer in writing or (failing such designation) by the
Executive Committee or Board of Directors.
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       9

  SECTION   4.4  Duties of Other Officers.     The other officers of the
Corporation shall have such powers and duties not inconsistent with these bylaws
as may from time to time be conferred upon them in or pursuant to resolutions of
the Board of Directors, and shall have such additional powers and duties not
inconsistent with such resolutions as may from time to time be assigned to them
by any competent superior officer.  The Board shall assign to one or more of the
officers of the Corporation the duty to record the proceedings of the meetings
of the shareholders and the Board of Directors in a book to be kept for that
purpose.

  SECTION   4.5  Term of Office and Vacancy.     So far as practicable, the
elected officers shall be elected at each organization meeting of the Board, and
shall hold office until the next organization meeting of the Board and until
their respective successors are elected and qualified.  If a vacancy shall occur
in any elected office, the Board of Directors may elect a successor for the
remainder of the term.  Appointed officers shall hold office at the pleasure of
the Board or of the officer or officers authorized by the Board to make such
appointments.  Any officer may resign by written notice to the Corporation.

  SECTION   4.6  Removal of Elected Officers.     Elected officers may be
removed at any time, either for or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the whole Board of Directors at a meeting called for that purpose.

  SECTION   4.7  Compensation of Elected Officers.     The compensation of all
elected officers of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time by the
Board of Directors; provided, that no elected officer of the Corporation shall
receive any bonus or share in the earnings or profits of the Corporation or any
subsidiary of the Corporation except pursuant to a plan approved by the
shareholders at a meeting called for the purpose.


                                   SECTION 5

                         Shares and Transfer of Shares


  SECTION  5.1  Certificates.     Every shareholder shall be entitled to a
certificate signed by the Chairman or the President or a Vice President and by
the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant
Secretary, certifying the class and number of shares owned by him in the
Corporation; provided, that, where such certificate is countersigned by a
Transfer Agent or a Registrar, the signature of any such Chairman, President,
Vice President, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary
may be facsimile.  In case any officer or officers who shall have signed or
whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on any such
certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers, whether
because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or
certificates shall have been issued by the Corporation, such certificate or
certificates may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or
they were such officer or officers at the date of issue.

  SECTION  5.2  Transfer Agents and Registrars.     The Board of Directors may,
in its discretion, appoint one or more responsible banks or trust companies in
the City of New York and in such other city or cities (if any) as the Board may
deem advisable, from time to time, to act as Transfer Agents and Registrars of
shares of the Corporation; and, when such appointments shall have been made, no

                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       10
certificate for shares of the Corporation shall be valid until countersigned by
one of such Transfer Agents and registered by one of such Registrars.

  SECTION  5.3  Transfers of Shares.     Shares of the Corporation may be
transferred by delivery of the certificates therefor, accompanied either by an
assignment in writing on the back of the certificates or by written power of
attorney to sell, assign and transfer the same, signed by the record holder
thereof; but no transfer shall affect the right of the Corporation to pay any
dividend upon the shares to the holder of record thereof, or to treat the holder
of record as the holder in fact thereof for all purposes, and no transfer shall
be valid, except between the parties thereto, until such transfer shall have
been made upon the books of the Corporation.

  SECTION  5.4  Lost Certificates.     In case any certificate for shares of
the Corporation shall be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Board of Directors, in
its discretion, or any Transfer Agent thereunto duly authorized by the Board,
may authorize the issue of a substitute certificate in place of the certificate
so lost, stolen or destroyed, and may cause such substitute certificate to be
countersigned by the appropriate Transfer Agent (if any) and registered by the
appropriate Registrar (if any); provided, that in each such case, the applicant
for a substitute certificate shall furnish to the Corporation and to such of its
Transfer Agents and Registrars as may require same, evidence to their
satisfaction, in their discretion, of the loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate and of the ownership thereof, and also such security or indemnity as
may by them be required.

  SECTION  5.5  Record Dates.     In order that the Corporation may determine
the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of
shareholders, or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to action in
writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or
other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any
rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of shares or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance,
a record date which shall be not more than sixty nor less than ten days before
the date of any meeting of shareholders, and not more than sixty days prior to
any other action.  In such case, those shareholders, and only those
shareholders, who are shareholders of record on the date fixed by the Board of
Directors shall, notwithstanding any subsequent transfer of shares on the books
of the Corporation, be entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting of
shareholders, or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to such
corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of
such dividend or other distribution or allotment of rights, or entitled to
exercise rights in respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of shares
or to participate in any such other lawful action.


                                   SECTION 6

                                 Miscellaneous


  SECTION  6.1  Fiscal Year.     The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be
the calendar year.

  SECTION  6.2  Surety Bonds.     The chief financial officer, the Controller,
the Treasurer, each Assistant Treasurer, and such other officers and agents of
the Corporation as the Board of Directors may from time to time direct shall be
bonded at the expense of the Corporation for the faithful performance of their
                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       11
duties in such amounts and by such surety companies as the Board may from time
to time determine.

  SECTION  6.3  Signature of Negotiable Instruments.     All bills, notes,
checks or other instruments for the payment of money shall be signed or
countersigned in such manner as from time to time may be prescribed by
resolution of the Board of Directors.

  SECTION  6.4  General Auditor.     At each annual meeting, the shareholders
shall appoint an independent public accountant or firm of independent public
accountants to act as the General Auditor of the Corporation until the next
annual meeting.  Among other duties, it shall be the duty of the General Auditor
so appointed to make periodic audits of the books and accounts of the
Corporation.  As soon as reasonably practicable after the close of the fiscal
year, the shareholders shall be furnished with consolidated financial statements
of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, as at the end of such
fiscal year, duly certified by such General Auditor, subject to such notes or
comments as the General Auditor shall deem necessary or desirable for the
information of the shareholders.  In case the shareholders shall at any time
fail to appoint a General Auditor or in case the General Auditor appointed by
the shareholders shall decline to act or shall resign or otherwise become
incapable of acting, the Board of Directors shall appoint a General Auditor to
discharge the duties herein provided for.  Any General Auditor appointed
pursuant to any of the provisions hereof shall be directly responsible to the
shareholders, and the fees and expenses of any such General Auditor shall be
paid by the Corporation.

  SECTION  6.5  Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees, Agents and
Fiduciaries;  Insurance.     (a)  The Corporation may indemnify, in accordance
with and to the full extend permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware as in
effect at the time of the adoption of this Section 6.5 or as such laws may be
amended from time to time, and shall so indemnify to the full extent permitted
by such laws, any person (and the heirs and legal representatives of any such
person) made or threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or
completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director,
officer, employee, agent, or fiduciary of the Corporation or any constituent
Corporation absorbed in a consolidation or merger, or serves as such with
another corporation, or with a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise at the request of the Corporation or any such constituent
corporation.

  (b)   By action of the Board of Directors notwithstanding any interest of the
directors in such action, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance in
such amounts as the Board of Directors deems appropriate on behalf of any person
who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the
Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability
asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of
his status as such, whether or not the Corporation shall have the power to
indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Section.


                                   SECTION 7

                               Bylaws Amendments

                                     PAGE
<PAGE>


                                       12

  SECTION  7.1  By the Shareholders.     These bylaws may be amended by the
shareholders at a meeting called for the purpose in any manner not inconsistent
with any provision of law or of the certificate of incorporation.

  SECTION  7.2  By the Directors.     These bylaws may be amended by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors in any manner not
inconsistent with any provision of law or of the certificate of incorporation;
provided, that the Board may not amend this Section, or the bonus proviso of
Section 2.13 (Compensation of Directors), or Section 2.15 (Removal of
Directors), Section 4.6 (Removal of Elected Officers) or Section 4.7
(Compensation of Elected Officers).





STATE OF CONNECTICUT,
County of Hartford


  The Undersigned, _____________________________, Secretary of UNITED
TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a corporation of the State of Delaware, HEREBY
CERTIFIES that the foregoing is a complete copy of the Bylaws of the said
Corporation, as at present in force.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereto set his hand and affixed the
seal of the said Corporation, this _______________day
of__________________________, 19____.


SECRETARY




                                     PAGE
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                                     <PAGE>
<TABLE><CAPTION>                                                                                  EXHIBIT 11
                                                                             
                UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
     Computations of Earnings Per Share and Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share
   Assuming All Outstanding Dilutive Convertible Securities Had Been Converted
                                        
                   For the Five Years Ended December 31, 1994
                 (Millions of Dollars, except per share amounts)

                                        1994 (1)       1993 (2)       1992 (2)       1991 (2)       1990 (2)
<S>                                   <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Earnings (loss) applicable to         $     563      $     444      $    (329)     $  (1,083)     $     715
Common Stock
                                                                                               
ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock             17              -              -              -              -
adjustment                            
                                                                                               
Primary net earnings (loss) for       $     580      $     444      $    (329)     $  (1,083)     $     715
period
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
Earnings (loss) applicable to         $     563      $     444      $    (329)     $  (1,083)     $     715
Common Stock
                                                                                               
ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock             17             16             16             23             22
adjustment                            
                                                                                               
Fully diluted net earnings (loss)     $     580      $     460      $    (313)     $  (1,060)     $     737
for period
                                                                                               
Average number of common shares and                                                            
common stock equivalents                                                                     
outstanding during period (thirteen     131,793        125,997        123,238        121,537        120,845
month-end average) (thousands)
                                                                                               
Fully diluted average number of                                                                
common shares outstanding, assuming                                                          
all outstanding convertible                                                                  
securities had been converted on        131,905        139,614        137,157        136,012        133,192
the dates of issue (thousands)
                                                                                               
Primary earnings (loss) per common    $    4.40      $    3.53      $   (2.67)     $   (8.91)     $    5.91
share
                                                                                               
Fully diluted earnings (loss) per     $    4.40      $    3.30      $   (2.67)     $   (8.91)     $    5.53
common share
                                                                                               

(1) In 1994, the Corporation adopted AICPA Statement of Position (SOP) 93-6, "Employers' Accounting for
    Employee Stock Ownership Plans."  The Corporation conformed its calculations of earnings per common share
    to the requirements of this SOP.  See Note 2 of the Corporation's 1994 Annual Report to Shareowners
    concerning the adoption of SOP 93-6.

(2) During 1990 - 1993, each share of the ESOP Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of Common Stock.
    A reduction in earnings applicable to Common Stock is required in the calculation of fully diluted earnings
    per share representing the Corporation's additional contribution to the ESOP to enable it to meet its debt
    repayment responsibilities were the preferred dividends not available for this purpose.  The adjustment
    also reflects the adding back of the ESOP Preferred Stock dividend.
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                     <PAGE>
<TABLE><CAPTION>                                                                                  EXHIBIT 12
                UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
                              (Millions of Dollars)
                                        
                                        
                                                             Years Ended December 31,
                                        
                                          1994           1993           1992           1991           1990
<S>                                   <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Fixed Charges:                                                                                 
Interest on indebtedness              $     275      $     251      $     282      $     339      $     362
Interest capitalized                         19             29             52             70             60
One-third of rents*                         101            115            135            130            126
                                                                                                
Total Fixed Charges                   $     395      $     395      $     469      $     539      $     548
                                                                                               
Earnings:                                                                                      
Income (loss) before income taxes                                                              
and minority interests                $   1,076      $     909      $     200      $    (891)     $   1,291
                                                                                               
Fixed charges per above                     395            395            469            539            548
Less: interest capitalized                  (19)           (29)           (52)           (70)           (60)
                                            376            366            417            469            488
                                                                                                      
Amortization of interest capitalized         43             42             43             40             37
                                                                                               
Total Earnings                        $   1,495      $   1,317      $     660      $    (382)     $   1,816
                                                                                               
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges         3.78           3.33           1.41             **           3.31
                                                                                               
                                        
                                        
*   Reasonable approximation of the interest factor.
                                        
**  Not relevant.
</TABLE>
                                        



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>


<PAGE>
<PAGE>14
                                                                   EXHIBIT 13
FINANCIAL SECTION


        15      Five Year Summary
        16      Management's Discussion and Analysis
        26      Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements
        26      Report of Independent Accountants
        27      Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes
        46      Selected Quarterly Financial Data
        46      Comparative Stock Data

<PAGE>
<PAGE>15

<TABLE>
FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY                                                                                 UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars (except per share amounts)            1994            1993            1992            1991            1990
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
FOR THE YEAR
Sales                                                   $  20,801       $  20,736       $  21,641       $  20,840       $  21,442
Research and development                                      978           1,137           1,221           1,133           1,028
Net income (loss) before cumulative effect of
  accounting principle changes                                585             487              35          (1,021)            751
Net income (loss)                                             585             487            (287)         (1,021)            751
Earnings (loss) applicable to Common Stock                    563             444            (329)         (1,083)            715
Earnings (loss) per share before cumulative effect of
  accounting principle changes:  
  Primary                                                    4.40            3.53            (.05)          (8.91)           5.91
  Fully diluted                                              4.40            3.30            (.05)          (8.91)           5.53
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Primary                                                    4.40            3.53           (2.67)          (8.91)           5.91
  Fully diluted                                              4.40            3.30           (2.67)          (8.91)           5.53
Cash dividends per common share                              1.90            1.80            1.80            1.80            1.80
Average number of shares of Common Stock
  outstanding (thousands):
  Primary                                                 131,793         125,997         123,238         121,537         120,845
  Fully diluted                                           131,793         139,614         137,157         136,012         133,192
Return on average common shareowners' equity, after tax     15.4%           13.1%          (8.7)%         (20.9)%           14.5%

AT YEAR END
Net working capital                                     $   1,675       $     786       $   1,064       $   2,354       $   3,061
  Current asset ratio                                    1.3 to 1        1.1 to 1        1.2 to 1        1.4 to 1        1.5 to 1
Total assets                                               15,624          15,618          15,928          15,985          15,918
Long-term debt, including current portion                   2,041           2,179           2,769           3,101           3,220
Total debt                                                  2,443           2,959           3,146           3,393           3,562
  Debt to total capitalization                                39%             45%             48%             46%             40%
Net debt (total debt less cash)                             2,057           2,538           2,792           2,870           3,361
  Net debt to total capitalization                            35%             41%             45%             42%             39%
ESOP Preferred Stock, net                                     339             176             151             126              81
Shareowners' equity                                         3,752           3,598           3,370           3,961           5,343
Equity per common share                                     30.47           28.54           27.23           32.49           44.10
Business backlog                                           18,328          18,414          21,175          20,700          20,875
Number of employees:
  United States                                            75,900          81,700          91,400          98,000         108,100
  Europe                                                   41,500          40,300          40,600          41,800          38,200
  Asia Pacific                                             21,000          15,900          17,300          17,000          14,100
  Other                                                    33,100          30,700          28,700          28,300          32,200
  Total                                                   171,500         168,600         178,000         185,100         192,600
<FN>
Equity per common share is based on shares outstanding at each year end.
See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements for discussion of 1992 and 1994 accounting changes.
For Pratt and Whitney, backlog is based on the terms of firm orders received and does not include discounts
  granted directly to airline and other customers.
1991 results include the effect of $1,275 million of restructuring charges.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>16

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL POSITION
The following discussion and analysis sets forth major factors affecting the
Corporation's results of operations during the three-year period ended December
31, 1994. It also comments on the Corporation's financial position at that date
as presented in the accompanying financial statements. Operating results for the
Corporation's business segments are shown in the Consolidated Summary of
Business Segment Financial Data on pages 42 through 45 of this Annual Report.

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
The Corporation's Otis, Carrier and UT Automotive subsidiaries serve customers
in the commercial property, residential housing and automotive businesses. 
Additionally, the Corporation's Pratt & Whitney, Sikorsky and Hamilton Standard
businesses serve commercial and government customers in the aerospace industry.
As world-wide businesses, these operations are affected by global as well as
regional economic factors.
  The combined revenue of Otis, Carrier and UT Automotive increased 9% in 1994,
while continued softness in the aerospace industry resulted in an 8% decline in
revenue for UTC's aerospace segments. During 1994, the Corporation's sales to
the U.S. Government declined from $4,007 million or 19% of total sales in 1993
to $3,809 million or 18% of sales in 1994.
  The Corporation has been expanding its commercial and industrial business
operations in Europe and the Asia Pacific region in recent years while the
aerospace industry has been in recession. For example, during 1994 the
Corporation's commercial and industrial units signed five new business ventures
with local partners in the People's Republic of China (PRC), bringing the total
to thirteen.
  The Corporation's investments in the People's Republic of China, the former
Soviet Union and other emerging nations carry a higher level of currency,
political and economic risks. The Corporation also has investments in Mexico,
which has recently experienced economic and currency volatility. At
December 31, 1994, the Corporation's net investments in any of these countries
is less than 3% of consolidated equity.
  The Corporation's 1994 revenues in the Asia Pacific region, including U.S.
export sales, were $4,187 million (including $414 million in the People's
Republic of China), or 20% of consolidated revenues, up from 18% in 1993.
Revenues in Europe during 1994, including U.S. export sales, were $4,856
million or 23% of consolidated revenues, unchanged from 1993. Revenues from 
outside the United States, including U.S. export sales, were 55% of
consolidated revenues in 1994 and 1993.
  While the U.S. economy strengthened at an increasing rate in 1994, with GDP
growth estimated at 3.9% versus 3.1% in 1993, rising interest rates in the U.S.
are expected to cause the U.S. growth rates to moderate.

OTIS is the world's largest elevator and escalator manufacturing and service
company. Otis' business is impacted by global and regional economic factors,
particularly commercial construction which impacts new equipment installations,
and labor costs which can impact service and maintenance margins on installed
elevators and escalators. Additionally, because of the global scope of Otis'
business operations (85% of 1994 revenues were outside the U.S.), changes in
foreign currency rates affect the translation of Otis' revenue and profits into
U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes.
  While new construction has remained weak in the U.S., commercial vacancy rates
in some cities have made modest improvements. In Europe, new equipment sales
have been sluggish, but the growing base of service business has enabled Otis
to maintain solid performance. Otis continues to benefit from its investment 
strategy in Asia Pacific where, except for Japan, construction activity and
economic growth rates remain strong. During 1994, Otis increased its ownership
percentage in China Tianjin Otis Elevator Company (CTOEC), the largest Otis
company in the PRC, from 44% to 51% resulting in the consolidation of CTOEC's 
financial results in 1994. Otis also acquired, during the past year, the
minority interest of one of its major European subsidiaries, Otis Italia.

CARRIER is the world's largest manufacturer of commercial and residential heat-
ing, ventilating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems and equipment. Carrier is
also an important supplier of ship container and trailer transportation cooling
equipment, which has been a growing worldwide market with particular strength in
Asia Pacific. As 48% of sales are outside the U.S., Carrier's business is 
impacted by commercial and residential construction activity worldwide, as well 
as changes in foreign currency rates, which impact the translation of Carrier's
operating results into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes.
  In 1994, U.S. residential housing starts increased for the third consecutive
year, up over 10% following strong growth rates in 1993 and 1992. Additionally,
unusually warm weather in North

<PAGE>
<PAGE>17

America in 1994 favorably impacted Carrier's sales, although construction 
activity remained weak in Europe. In 1994, Carrier signed three new business
ventures in the People's Republic of China to produce absorption chillers and 
room air conditioners and to consolidate marketing efforts throughout the 
People's Republic of China. Carrier also reacquired a substantial portion of 
the minority interest in its subsidiary in Spain.

UT AUTOMOTIVE (UTA) develops and manufactures a wide variety of systems and 
components for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the automotive 
industry.  Sales to Ford Motor Company, UTA's largest customer, comprised 
approximately 38% of UTA's revenues in 1994. UTA also has important 
relationships with Chrysler Corporation and General Motors as well as Renault, 
PSA, and Fiat in Europe and the New American Manufacturing divisions of Japanese
automotive OEMs. In 1994 UTA began construction of a plant in Honduras, formed 
two joint ventures in the People's Republic of China to produce wire harnesses 
and cooling modules for the rapidly developing PRC automotive industry, and 
transitioned it operations in Hungary to full production.
  The automotive OEMs apply significant pricing pressures on their suppliers
such as UTA and have required suppliers to bear an increasing portion of 
engineering, development and tooling expenditures. During 1994 UTA experienced 
an unusually heavy new product launch schedule as its largest unit, North
American Wiring Systems, launched new and replacement business for six new North
American car and light truck models for delivery in 1995 and beyond.
  One of the strongest growth sectors in the U.S. economy during 1994 was the
automotive industry where North American car and light truck production grew 11%
to 14.2 million units in 1994 on top of the 12% growth rate in 1993. 
Additionally, European car production increased 5% to 11.9 million units 
following a 14% downturn in 1993.

COMMERCIAL AEROSPACE
The financial performance of the Corporation's Pratt & Whitney segment, and to a
lesser extent, the Flight Systems segment, is directly tied to the commercial
airline industry. The Pratt & Whitney segment is a major supplier of commercial
engines and spare parts. The Flight Systems segment, through Hamilton Standard,
provides fuel and environmental control systems and propellers for commercial
aircraft. The poor financial condition of the commercial airline industry has
had a significant impact on the Corporation's results since 1991.
  Worldwide airline profits in 1994 were nominal despite load factors at 
historical high levels. Competitive pricing strategies and disparate cost 
structures continue to make it difficult for the U.S. airlines to achieve the 
financial condition necessary to make significant investments in new aircraft. 
For many international airlines, increasing competition, higher cost structures 
and privatization initiatives will strain financial results and resources in the
near term. While airlines have historically begun ordering new equipment
approximately 18 months after returning to profitability, management believes
the current recovery may be slower.
  Pratt & Whitney's large commercial engine shipments totaled 318 in 1994, down
from 442 in 1993 and 610 in 1992. Additionally, Pratt & Whitney's mix of large
commercial engine shipments has been shifting to newer higher thrust engines for
wide-bodied aircraft. This market is very competitive and the newer engines,
through technological improvements and fewer parts, will have less spare parts
requirements than older engines. Hamilton Standard has also continued to 
experience volume declines throughout this period.
  The aircraft manufacturers offer many commercial jet aircraft with a choice of
engines. Accordingly, the airlines compete their engine orders directly with the
engine manufacturers during airframe selection. In addition to price, 
performance and operating costs, customer financing can be an important element 
of competition in a commercial engine order.
  Customer financing can be in the form of secured loans and leased aircraft or
guarantees of customer financing obligations. The Corporation's airline industry
receivables and customer financing assets totaled $2,290 million and $2,235 
million at December 31, 1994 and 1993 respectively. In addition, the Corporation
had commitments to finance or arrange financing for approximately $1.3 billion
of commercial aircraft at December 31, 1994.
  The follow-on spare parts sales for Pratt & Whitney engines in service has 
traditionally been an important source of profit to the Corporation, and its 
decline has adversely impacted the operating results of Pratt & Whitney. During 
1994 spare parts sales continued the improvement that began in the second half 
of 1993 following periods of depressed sales dating back to 1991.
  The development of commercial aircraft engines requires substantial investment
by the Corporation. Over the past decade, Pratt & Whitney has developed three
new families of engines which are in production and airline service today; the
V2500, the PW2000

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
Revenues ($ Billions)
   1990 - $21.8
   1991 - $21.3
   1992 - $22.0
   1993 - $21.1
   1994 - $21.2

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
Backlog ($ Billions)
   1990 - $20.9
   1991 - $20.7
   1992 - $21.2
   1993 - $18.4
   1994 - $18.3

<PAGE>
<PAGE>18

and the PW4000. Presently, the PW4084 and PW4168 engines, derivatives of the
PW4000 family of engines, are being introduced for the Boeing 777 and Airbus
A330 aircraft, respectively. With the PW4168 engine certified in 1993 and the
PW4084 certified in early 1994, Pratt & Whitney's research and development 
expense as a percent of its segment revenues in 1994 was 8% compared to 10% in
1993 and 1992. Pratt & Whitney's research and development expenses are expected
to remain in the range of 8-9% of revenues.
  In view of the global nature of the commercial aircraft industry and the risk
and cost associated with launching new engine development programs, Pratt &
Whitney has developed strategic alliances and collaboration arrangements on 
commercial engine programs. At December 31, 1994, other participants in these
alliances represented 29% and 21% of the PW2000 and PW4000 programs, 
respectively, and 31% of the PW4084. Also, Pratt & Whitney has a 33% interest in
International Aero Engines AG, an international consortium of five shareholders
for the V2500 commercial aircraft engine program.

DEFENSE BUSINESS
The defense portion of the Corporation's aerospace businesses continues to
respond to a changing global political environment. The U.S. Defense industry
is continuing its downsizing as the U.S. Defense budget declines. International
orders for defense programs have also declined and some important foreign orders
have been delayed.
  Sikorsky will continue to supply Black Hawk helicopters to the U.S. and 
foreign governments under contracts extending to 1997 and beyond. The program 
plan for the development of the U.S. Army Comanche helicopter now supports 
completion of the prototype development and flight testing. A commitment to 
production has been deferred.
  The significant decrease in the U.S. Defense procurement of helicopters in 
recent years has placed the four U.S. helicopter manufacturers under some of the
same pressures that have led to industry consolidation in other segments of the
U.S. Defense industry. It is not clear if or when such consolidation will occur
or the form it will take. Sikorsky expects to maintain its market leadership by
improving its products for continued procurement by both U.S. and foreign 
governments. In addition, the S-92, a large cabin derivative of the Black Hawk 
family, is being considered for development for commercial and military markets 
by an international consortium to be led by Sikorsky.
  Pratt & Whitney continues to deliver F100 engines and military spare parts to
the U.S. and foreign governments, albeit at lower volumes than in the past.
Pratt & Whitney's engines will power two U.S. Air Force programs of the future,
the F-22 fighter, powered by the Pratt & Whitney F119 engine and the C-17 air-
lifter, powered by the Pratt & Whitney F117 engine. While these programs are 
expected to retain support by the U.S. Military and Congress, these and other 
U.S. Military programs will continue to compete for available defense funds.
  While the changing world political climate has reduced defense spending, 
ongoing changes in the People's Republic of China and the former Soviet Union, 
where potentially enormous markets for aircraft engines are developing, present 
significant opportunities for the commercial aircraft industry. Pratt & Whitney 
has been developing strategic alliances in these markets and believes it is well
positioned to take advantage of these opportunities.

COST REDUCTION ACTIONS
Cost reduction continues to be a Corporate-wide imperative. Manufacturing costs
must be reduced to remain competitive, to improve profit margins and to absorb
the significant volume declines in the aerospace segments. In 1991 the 
Corporation recorded a $1.275 billion charge for a major restructuring program 
that included workforce reductions, closing facilities and improving design, 
engineering and manufacturing processes. Since that time, continuous improvement
and cost reduction have been and will continue to be an integral part of the 
Corporation's on-going business activities.
  Additional downsizing actions were taken in 1992 resulting in charges that
year of $85 million, $70 million at Pratt & Whitney and $15 million at Hamilton
Standard. As a result of continued reductions in aerospace volumes, in the 1994
second quarter management initiated further volume related downsizing actions at
Pratt & Whitney and Hamilton Standard. These actions resulted in charges of $50
million and $35 million, respectively, in the Pratt & Whitney and Flight Systems
operating results for 1994.
  As a result of these cost reduction measures, from 1991 to December 31, 1994,
Pratt & Whitney's workforce was reduced from 44,600 to 30,300 employees and 
manufacturing space has been reduced by 2.7 million square feet. Additionally, 
during that period, Hamilton Standard's workforce has been reduced from 11,500 
to 7,400 employees. Further reductions may be required if commercial aerospace 
volumes do not improve.
  Corporate-wide workforce reductions since 1991 total 31,600 positions. 
Workforce reductions totaled 6,890 and 11,690 positions

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
SG&A Expenses ($ Millions)
   1990 - $3,094
   1991 - $2,667
   1992 - $3,011
   1993 - $2,547
   1994 - $2,536

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
R&D Expenses ($ Millions)
   1990 - $1,028
   1991 - $1,133
   1992 - $1,221
   1993 - $1,137
   1994 - $  978

<PAGE>
<PAGE>19

during 1994 and 1993, respectively. Manufacturing floor space totaling 2.6 
million and 8.2 million square feet has been eliminated during 1994 and program 
to date, respectively. This represents 83% of the goal to eliminate 9.9 million
square feet of manufacturing space by the end of 1995.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REVENUES:
  Increased 1% or $116 million from 1993 to 1994.
  Decreased 4% or $951 million from 1992 to 1993.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                    1994            1993            1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
Product sales                          $16,670         $16,671         $17,559
Service sales                            4,131           4,065           4,082
Financing revenues and other               396             345             391
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

  Revenues increased 9% during 1994 in the Carrier, Otis and Automotive 
segments, partially offset by an 8% reduction in revenues in Pratt & Whitney and
Flight Systems. The negative impact of the commercial airline industry and 
unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts are the principal causes for 
the overall reduction in 1993 sales as compared to 1992. It is estimated that 
increases in selling prices to customers averaged approximately 1% in 1994 and 
2% in 1993. The net impact of translating sales of foreign subsidiaries 
decreased sales by 1% in 1994 and 3% in 1993, indicating that the real volume of
sales was essentially unchanged in 1994 and decreased 3% in 1993.
  Financing revenues and other income, less other deductions increased $51 
million in 1994 and decreased $46 million in 1993. Other income in 1994 includes
$87 million realized in the Flight Systems segment on the sale of the equity
share holdings in Westland Group plc in April 1994. The 1993 decrease resulted
primarily from lower royalties and interest income partially offset by an 
increase in the amount of commercial aircraft engine participation fees.

<TABLE>
COST OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SOLD AS A PERCENT OF SALES:
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                    1994            1993            1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
Cost of products sold                  $13,773         $13,666         $14,727
Product margin %                          17.4%           18.0%           16.1%
Cost of services sold                  $ 2,559         $ 2,571         $ 2,591
Service margin %                          38.1%           36.8%           36.5%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  The product margin as a percentage of sales, excluding the impact of down-
sizing charges recorded in 1994 and downsizing and special charges in 1992, was
17.9% in 1994 and 18.0% in 1992, respectively. The Corporation's cost reduction 
programs have enabled product margins to remain relatively constant despite a 
reduction in Pratt & Whitney and Flight Systems revenues of 10% in 1993 and an
additional 8% in 1994. These segments' margins have been further affected by a
shift in the mix of commercial aircraft engines sold, to newer lower margin 
engines and, in 1994, higher costs associated with the introduction of new 
products and lower production volumes at Hamilton Standard. During 1993, lower 
spare parts sales in the commercial aircraft and general aviation businesses 
also had a negative impact on product margins. The Corporation recorded special 
charges during the fourth quarter of 1992 for credit and other exposures related
to the airline industry ($447 million) and various contract matters ($169 
million). Of these 1992 special charges, $250 million was charged as product 
cost of sales and $360 million as selling, general and administrative expenses.

<TABLE>
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES:
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                    1994            1993            1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>             <C>
Research and development                  $978          $1,137          $1,221
Percent of sales                           4.7%            5.5%            5.6%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Research and development expenses decreased $159 million (14%) and $84 million
(7%) in 1994 and 1993, respectively, from each of the prior years. The decreases
in research and development expenses have occurred principally at Pratt & 
Whitney due to the completion of the development phases of the PW4168 and PW4084
commercial engines which were certified in 1993 and 1994, respectively.

<TABLE>
SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES:
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                    1994            1993            1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
Selling, general and administrative     $2,536          $2,547          $3,011
Percent of sales                          12.2%           12.3%           13.9%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $11 million and $464 
million (15%) in 1994 and 1993, respectively, from each of the prior years. 
During 1994 these expenses increased in the Corporation's Otis, Carrier and 
Automotive segments and decreased in the aerospace segments generally in line 
with the relative increases and decreases, respectively, in sales. The decreases
resulted principally from the effects of the Corporation's cost reduction 
efforts initiated in the first quarter of 1992 and the absence of the $360 
million charges recorded during the fourth quarter of 1992 for commercial 
airline industry exposures and other contract matters.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPERATING PROFITS:
  Increased 19% or $251 million from 1993 to 1994.
  Increased 126% or $722 million from 1992 to 1993.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Segment revenues and operating profits in the Corporation's principal business
segments for each of the three years ending December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 and
analysis of the variations for the periods are presented below. The segment 
results shown below include the impact of the 1994 and 1992 downsizing actions 
and 1992 special charges described above.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>20

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Revenues                    Operating Profits (Losses)           Operating Profit Margin
                         -------------------------------        -----------------------------        ------------------------------
In Millions of Dollars      1994        1993        1992        1994        1993        1992*        1994        1993        1992
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>        <C>        <C>
Otis                      $4,644      $4,418      $4,512        $421        $377        $346          9.1%        8.5%       7.7%
Carrier                    4,919       4,480       4,328         278         226         183          5.7%        5.0%       4.2%
Automotive                 2,683       2,378       2,370         182         148         135          6.8%        6.2%       5.7%
Pratt & Whitney            5,846       6,317       7,393         380         186        (212)         6.5%        2.9%      (2.9)%
Flight Systems             3,218       3,555       3,546         282         355         272          8.8%       10.0%       7.7%
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
* Operating profits (losses) for 1992 conform to the current basis of presentation for general corporate expenses.
  See Note 15 of Notes to Financial Statements for operating profits presented on the former basis.
</TABLE>

SEGMENT REVIEW
1994 COMPARED TO 1993
OTIS segment revenues for 1994 increased $226 million (5%) over 1993. Increased
revenues in Asia Pacific and North America were partially offset by slightly 
lower revenues in Europe and Latin America. Revenue increases in Asia Pacific 
were particularly significant during 1994, in part from the increased investment
made in the People's Republic of China earlier in the year which allowed for 
full consolidation. While lower new equipment volumes negatively affected 
revenues in Europe and Latin America, the reduction was partially offset by 
higher service revenues. The impact of the translation of foreign currency 
revenues into U.S. dollars was a negative $19 million for 1994.
  Segment operating profits for Otis in 1994 increased $44 million (12%), 
improving in all regions with the exception of Latin America. Increases in Asia 
Pacific resulted primarily from the consolidation of the PRC operations and the
growth of the Asian market. European results improved due to the higher service
volumes.

CARRIER segment revenues for 1994 increased $439 million (10%) over 1993. 
Revenues were higher at Carrier Transicold and in all geographic regions except 
Europe where volumes were lower. Revenue increases were particularly strong in
North America reflecting the impact of significant volume increases. The impact
of the translation of foreign currency revenues into U.S. dollars was not 
significant during 1994.
  Carrier segment operating profits for 1994 increased $52 million (23%) 
primarily due to improved results in North America and at Carrier's Transicold 
business. Operations in the People's Republic of China also showed continued 
strength and accounted for approximately 15% of Carrier's operating profits over
the last three years.

AUTOMOTIVE segment revenues increased $305 million (13%) in 1994 primarily due
to higher North American industry volumes and increased European market 
penetration.
  Automotive segment operating profits for 1994 increased $34 million (23%) over
1993. The increase is primarily attributable to higher sales volumes and the 
absence of the 1993 charges to rationalize certain manufacturing operations in 
Europe. Partially offsetting the 1994 increases were higher launch costs in 
support of new model awards in North America.

PRATT & WHITNEY segment revenues for 1994 decreased $471 million (8%). During
1994, shipments of commercial engines and sales of government spare parts were
lower than those in the previous year. These reductions during 1994 were 
partially offset by higher commercial airline spare parts sales and military 
engine shipments. Also, the 1993 results included revenues resulting from the 
renegotiation of certain aircraft leases.
  Pratt & Whitney segment operating profits increased $194 million (104%) from
1993. Despite the reduction in revenue, Pratt's operating profit increased as a
result of the benefits of continuing cost reduction programs, lower research and
development spending driven by engine certification schedules and higher 
commercial spare parts sales. The impact of higher manufacturing cost estimates 
on commercial engine contracts in the 1994 second quarter, principally related 
to higher initial production costs on the PW4084 engine, partially offset these 
improvements. In addition, Pratt & Whitney recorded approximately $50 million 
of charges during the second quarter of 1994 for certain volume related 
downsizing actions.

FLIGHT SYSTEMS segment revenues for 1994 decreased $337 million (10%) from 1993.
Excluding the 1994 second quarter gain on the sale of the equity share holdings
in Westland Group plc, segment revenues decreased $424 million (12%) from 1993.
Revenues decreased primarily as a result of lower international helicopter
shipments at Sikorsky, continuing reductions in commercial aerospace volumes at 
Hamilton Standard, and the absence of Norden revenues after its sale in 
May 1994.
  Flight Systems operating profits decreased $73 million (21%) in 1994. 
Excluding the gain on the equity share holdings in Westland Group plc, segment 
operating profits decreased $160 million (45%) from 1993. Operating profits 
decreased primarily as a result of higher costs associated with the introduction
of new products and continuing lower commercial aerospace volumes at Hamilton 
Standard, and the absence of Norden results. In addition, Hamilton Standard 
recorded approximately $35 million of charges during the second quarter of 1994
for certain volume related downsizing actions.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>21

1993 COMPARED TO 1992
OTIS segment revenues decreased $94 million (2%) in 1993. The impact of currency
exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar reduced revenues by approximately $278 
million (6%) in 1993. Revenues in 1993, exclusive of the translation impact, 
increased due to higher service volumes in all regions. In addition, new 
equipment revenues were slightly higher in 1993 primarily due to higher volumes
in the European and Latin American regions partially offset by lower North 
American volume.
  Otis segment operating profits increased $31 million (9%) in 1993. The 
translation impact of the stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted operating 
profits by $38 million. The improved operating profits reflect the growth in 
service volumes during 1993. During 1993, increases in Latin American and 
European new equipment volumes and improvement in Latin American new equipment 
margins also contributed to the growth.

CARRIER segment revenues increased $152 million (4%) in 1993. The translation of
a stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted 1993 revenues by approximately $115
million (3%). 1993 revenues reflect volume increases in the North American, Asia
Pacific and Latin American regions as well as the transportation refrigeration
business. These increases were partially offset by the effects of the continuing
recession in Europe, particularly affecting the Spanish and Italian operations.
  Carrier segment operating profits increased $43 million (23%) in 1993. 
Improved operating profits resulting from increased volumes and margins in the 
Asia Pacific and Latin American regions were partially offset by the effects of 
the continuing recession in Europe.

AUTOMOTIVE segment revenues were essentially unchanged from 1992. During 1993
the segment was positively impacted by increased North American car and light
truck production and European market penetration. These increases were 
substantially offset by the overall reduction in European vehicle production, 
the negative translation impact of the stronger U.S. dollar of approximately 
$112 million (5%), and the absence of sales in 1993 from certain automotive 
business units divested in the third quarter of 1992.
  Automotive segment operating profits increased $13 million (10%) in 1993. 
Operating profits during 1993 reflect the impact of increased North American 
production volumes and European market penetration. During 1993, these increases
were partially offset by the reduction in European vehicle production, charges
to rationalize certain manufacturing operations in Europe and the absence of the
operating results of certain automotive business units divested during the third
quarter of 1992. In addition, 1992 results include the gain on sale of these
units.

PRATT & WHITNEY segment revenues decreased $1,076 million (15%) in 1993. The 
decrease in 1993 reflects decreases in commercial and government engine and 
spare parts sales. Although commercial spare parts were lower than the depressed
levels of 1992, sales during the second half of 1993 showed modest growth and 
exceeded the comparable 1992 period. The overall decrease was partially offset 
by revenues resulting from the renegotiation of certain aircraft leases during 
the second quarter of 1993.
  Pratt & Whitney segment operating profits increased $398 million in 1993. The
1992 results include the impact of the charges recorded for commercial airline
exposures, as well as restructuring actions. Excluding the impact of these 
charges, the 1993 results decreased $198 million (52%), primarily due to lower 
commercial and government engine and spare parts sales, partially offset by the
sale of a participant share in the PW4000 engine program during 1993. In 
addition, Pratt & Whitney reduced research and development expenditures during 
1993 as the development phase of the PW4084 and PW4168 commercial engine 
programs approached completion.

FLIGHT SYSTEMS segment revenues were essentially unchanged from 1992. As a 
result of substantially increased international Black Hawk shipments, helicopter
business revenues in 1993 contributed 65% to Flight Systems segment revenues.
This increase was substantially offset by reductions in defense electronics and
commercial aerospace volumes in the segment's other businesses.
  Flight Systems segment operating profits increased $83 million (31%) in 1993.
The 1992 results include the impact of the charges and restructuring actions 
recorded during the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of these charges, the
1993 results increased $53 million (18%). The increase resulted primarily from
improved operating performance and increased Black Hawk shipments by Sikorsky
and better than expected contract performance related principally to Norden's
Multi Mode Radar System contract. These increases were partially offset by 
declines in commercial aerospace volumes at Hamilton Standard and the absence of
the favorable impacts of the settlement of several government contracting claims
recorded in 1992.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTEREST EXPENSE:
  Increased 10% or $24 million from 1993 to 1994.
  Decreased 11% or $31 million from 1992 to 1993.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Interest expense in 1994 includes $41 million of expense resulting from the
1994 change in accounting for the Corporation's ESOP. Excluding this effect, 
interest expense decreased $17 million or 7% in 1994 compared to 1993.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>22

  Interest expense continues to be favorably impacted by the Corporation's cash
management, working capital and debt reduction programs. While lower average 
interest rates had a favorable impact on interest expense in 1993, slightly 
higher interest rates in 1994 partially offset the impact of the reduced debt 
during 1994.

<TABLE>                                              
<CAPTION>                                              
                                              1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>           <C>           <C>
Weighted-average interest rate on
  short-term borrowings                        6.3%          5.5%          8.9%
Weighted-average interest rate on
  total debt (including the effect of
  interest rate swaps)                         7.6%          7.2%          7.8%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  The average rate applicable to debt outstanding at December 31, 1994 was 8.5%
for short-term borrowings and 8.0% for total debt including the effect of 
interest rate swaps.

<TABLE>
INCOME TAXES:
<CAPTION>                                              
                                              1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Effective income tax rate                     35.7%         37.0%         38.4%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>  
  
  The Corporation has reduced its effective income tax rate over the last three
years by implementing tax planning strategies throughout its operations 
worldwide.
  The following table summarizes the future income tax benefits arising from net
deductible temporary differences and tax carryforwards which are recorded as an
asset at December 31, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>
Net deductible temporary differences                                    $1,504
Tax carryforwards:
  Acquired loss carryforwards                                               11
  Foreign and state loss carryforwards                                     142
  Tax credit carryforwards                                                 221
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         1,878
Valuation allowance                                                       (355)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total future income tax benefits                                        $1,523
===============================================================================
</TABLE>  
  
  The future tax benefit arising from net deductible temporary differences of
$1,504 million relates to expenses recognized for financial reporting purposes
which will result in tax deductions over varying future periods. The realization
of this amount is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income,
primarily in the United States, over these future periods, including applicable
carryforward periods. Future tax benefits of $376 million attributable to 
postretirement benefits will be realized as paid over a period of fifty years or
more based on the Corporation's healthcare plans for retirees. Other future tax
benefits relate to such matters as environmental accruals, warranty provisions
and the timing of inventory and contract cost recognition which are expected to
result in tax deductions in periods from one to ten years.
  Prior to 1992, the Corporation's U.S. operations consistently produced taxable
income. In 1992 and 1993, primarily as a result of depressed conditions in the
commercial airline industry and actual expenditures relating to the 1991 
restructuring provision, domestic tax losses were incurred which have been 
utilized by carryback to prior years. In 1994 the Corporation had domestic 
taxable income.
  Based on the Corporation's business plans, including the benefits of the cost
reductions resulting from the restructuring program, and the tax planning
strategies available, management believes that the Corporation's domestic
earnings during the periods when the temporary differences turn around will be
sufficient to realize those future income tax benefits.
  Minimum tax credit and certain state tax credit carryforwards have no 
expiration date. Foreign and state tax loss carryforwards arise in a number of 
different taxing jurisdictions with expiration dates ranging from 1995 to 2009.
For those jurisdictions where the expiration date or the projected operating 
results indicate that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance has been
provided. U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards, which require future foreign 
source income to be utilized, expire after five years and are reserved through 
valuation allowances.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME:
  Increased 20% or $98 million from 1993 to 1994.
  Increased $774 million from 1992 to 1993.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  The Corporation adopted AICPA Statement of Position (SOP) 93-6, "Employers'
Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans" in the fourth quarter of 1994,
effective January 1, 1994. The principal impact of the accounting change on 
ongoing results is to consider as outstanding only those ESOP Convertible 
Preferred shares committed to employee accounts, to report as interest expense 
all interest on the debt of the ESOP trust and to report preferred stock 
dividends only on those shares considered as outstanding. As a result of this 
change, net income for 1994 was reduced by $59 million, including a $31 million
one-time cumulative after tax charge ($.23 per share). The reductions to net 
income, preferred stock dividend requirements, and ESOP shares considered 
outstanding (8.5 million shares) in 1994 have the combined effect of increasing
1994 earnings per share by $.18, excluding the one-time charge. Overall, 
earnings per share in 1994 was reduced by $.05 as a result of this accounting 
change. Excluding the impact of the accounting change, 1994 net income increased
$157 million (32%), while earnings per share increased $1.15 (35%). See Note 2
of Notes to Financial Statements for additional information on the ESOP 
accounting change.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCING COMMITMENTS
Management assesses the Corporation's liquidity in terms of its overall ability
to generate cash to fund its operating and investing activities. Of particular
importance in the management of liquidity are cash flows generated from
operating activities, capital expenditure levels, customer financing
requirements, adequate bank lines of

<PAGE>
<PAGE>23

credit, and financial flexibility to attract long-term capital on satisfactory
terms. The following discussion includes references to net debt (total debt less
cash) to be consistent with certain internal and external measures of the 
Corporation's cash flows. The Corporation's strategies for financing investments
in various regional markets, however, result in cash balances that are not 
expected to be used to pay down debt.
  Set forth below is selected key cash flow data:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>           <C>
Net Cash Flows from
  Operating Activities                      $1,357        $1,508        $1,203
===============================================================================
Capital expenditures                        $ (759)       $ (846)       $ (920)
(Increase) decrease in customer
  financing assets, net                        297          (208)         (202)
===============================================================================
Common Stock repurchase                     $ (270)       $   --        $   --
Change in total debt                          (516)         (187)         (247)
Change in net debt                            (481)         (254)          (78)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  Cash flows from operating activities declined $151 million in 1994 compared to
1993. Included in this decline is a $150 million payment made during the second
quarter of 1994 to the U.S. Government for a previously recorded settlement by
Sikorsky Aircraft. Improved operating results and working capital management
programs in 1994 were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable.
The increase in receivables was primarily due to the timing of payments on 
engine shipments at Pratt & Whitney and the increased sales volumes in the 
commercial businesses.
  Cash used for investing activities decreased in 1994 as compared to 1993. 
Purchases of fixed assets have declined over the past three years both in 
absolute dollars and as a percentage of sales. While reducing the level of fixed
asset purchases, the Corporation continues to focus its capital investments in 
productivity improvements, facility modernization and expansion of certain 
product lines. The Corporation expects 1995 capital spending to remain at 
approximately the same level as 1994. Customer financing activity was a net 
source of funds during 1994 as compared to a use of funds in 1993. This change 
was a result of both lower funding requirements in 1994 as compared to 1993 and 
the sale of certain of these assets to third parties in 1994. The Corporation 
expects that customer financing will be a net use of funds in 1995. Acquisitions
and dispositions of business interests was also a net source of investment funds
during 1994. The Corporation received $282 million of proceeds from the 
dispositions of business units, primarily from the sales of the equity share 
holdings in Westland Group plc and the net operating assets of its Norden 
subsidiary. Also during 1994, the Corporation invested $125 million for 
acquisitions, principally to acquire minority shareowners' interests in Otis and
Carrier subsidiaries in Europe and additional investments in the PRC.
  Financing cash flows for 1994 include the use of $270 million for the 
repurchase, commencing in April 1994, of approximately 4.4 million shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock. This stock repurchase program was undertaken to 
counter the dilutive effects of shares issued under employee compensation and 
benefit programs. In February 1995, the Corporation's Board of Directors 
approved a similar program which allows for the repurchase of up to 5.0 million
shares of Common Stock within the next two years.
  The Corporation's financial structure at the end of 1994 and 1993 was as 
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>
Cash and cash equivalents                                $   386       $   421
Total debt                                                 2,443         2,959
Net debt (total debt less cash)                            2,057         2,538
Shareowners' equity                                        3,752         3,598
Debt to total capitalization                                39.4%         45.1%
Net debt to total capitalization                            35.4%         41.4%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  The debt and net debt to total capitalization ratios decreased 5.7% and 6.0%
respectively in 1994. This decrease is due to improved operating results and
increased cash flows as outlined above, which more than offset the 4.4% increase
in the total debt to capitalization ratio due to the stock repurchase program.
  The Corporation filed a registration statement with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission in January 1994 pursuant to its plan to sell to the public a
40% equity interest in UT Automotive, the Corporation's Automotive segment. Due
to market conditions the offering was subsequently withdrawn.
  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had credit commitments from banks 
totaling $1.1 billion under a Revolving Credit Agreement. The agreement provides
for borrowings at prevailing interest rates up to the prime rate and expires
September 30, 1999. At December 31, 1994, there were no borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Agreement. Long-term financing will continue to

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
Operating Cash Flows ($ Millions)
   1990 - $1,333
   1991 - $1,890
   1992 - $1,203
   1993 - $1,508
   1994 - $1,357

BAR CHART DESCRIPTION:
Net Debt ($ Millions)
   1990 - $3,361
   1991 - $2,870
   1992 - $2,792
   1993 - $2,538
   1994 - $2,057

<PAGE>
<PAGE>24

be considered in the future if conditions are advantageous, and in that regard,
under an effective Registration Statement on file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission at December 31, 1994, up to $871 million of medium-term and
long-term debt of the Corporation could be issued.
  The Corporation's ratio of floating-rate debt to total debt, after taking
interest rate hedges into account, was 42% at December 31, 1994 compared to 47%
at December 31, 1993. The Corporation maintains a portfolio of interest rate
hedge instruments for the purpose of decreasing funding costs, as more fully 
explained in Note 9 of Notes to Financial Statements.
  In addition to the requirements discussed above, the Corporation had
commitments to finance or arrange financing for customers at December 31, 1994
of approximately $1.3 billion of commercial aircraft, of which as much as $406
million may be required to be disbursed in 1995.
  The Corporation believes that existing sources of liquidity are adequate to
meet anticipated short-term borrowing needs at comparable risk-based interest
rates for the foreseeable future.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
The Corporation's operations are subject to environmental regulation by federal,
state, and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities
with jurisdiction over its foreign operations. As a result of this, the
Corporation has established certain policies and is currently establishing
additional policies relating to environmental standards of performance for its
operations worldwide.
  The Corporation has identified approximately 340 locations, most of which are
in the United States, at which it may have some liability for remediating
contamination. The Corporation does not believe that any single location's
exposure is individually material to the Corporation. Sites in the investigation
or remediation stage represent approximately 94% of the Corporation's recorded
liability. The remaining 6% of the recorded liability consists of sites
identified where the Corporation may have some liability but investigation is in
the initial stages or has not begun. The Corporation's estimates of liability
for investigation or remediation at these sites are updated quarterly based on
an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site
and take into account factors such as existing technology, presently enacted
laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites.
Since the knowledge of these sites generally increases through the investigation
and remediation process, actual costs to be incurred in future periods can be
expected to vary from estimates. Expenditures for environmental remediation
activities at these sites were $57 million in 1994, $64 million in 1993 and $58
million in 1992. It is estimated that expenditures in each of the next two years
will not exceed $100 million in the aggregate for these sites.
  Included within the sites known to the Corporation are those sites at which
the Corporation has been identified as a potentially responsible party under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability ACT ("CERCLA"
or Superfund). Under the provisions of this statute, the Corporation may be
held liable for all costs for environmental remediation without regard to the
legality of the Corporation's disposal of material at the site or the
Corporation's contribution to the contamination. The Corporation has been
identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 90 such federal
Superfund sites. The number of Superfund sites in and of itself does not
represent a relevant measure of liability, because the nature and extent of
environmental concerns vary from site to site and the Company's share of
responsibility varies from sole responsibility to very little responsibility. In
estimating its liability for remediation, the Corporation considers its likely
proportionate share of the anticipated remediation expense and the ability of
other potentially responsible parties to fulfill their obligations.
  Some of the Corporation's liabilities, including certain Superfund
liabilities, relate to facilities that were acquired by the Corporation with
indemnities from the sellers or former owners. In estimating the potential
liability at these sites, the Corporation has considered the indemnification
separately from the liability.                                             
  The Corporation has instituted legal proceedings against its insurers seeking
insurance coverage for liability to third parties for remediation costs, defense
costs, physical loss or damage to the Corporation's property, and related costs.
Settlements to date, which have not been material, have been recorded upon
receipt. It is expected that one or more of these cases will last several years.
Environmental liabilities are not reduced by potential insurance reimbursements.
  Notwithstanding the uncertainties discussed above, and taking into account the
Corporation's policies, standards of performance and programs related to the
environment, the Corporation believes that expenditures necessary to comply with
the present regulations governing environmental protection will not have a
material effect upon its capital expenditures, competitive position, financial
position or results of operations.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>25

U.S. GOVERNMENT
The Corporation is now and believes that, in light of the current government
contracting environment, it will be the subject of one or more government
investigations. If the Corporation or one of its business units were charged
with wrongdoing as a result of any of these investigations, the Corporation or
one of its business units could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards
of new government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If
convicted or found liable, the Corporation could be fined and debarred from new
government contracting for a period generally not to exceed three years. Any
contracts found to be tainted by fraud could be voided by the Government.
  The Corporation's contracts with the U.S. Government are also subject to
audits. Like many defense contractors, the Corporation has received audit
reports which recommend that certain contract prices should be reduced to comply
with various government regulations. Some of these audit reports involve
substantial amounts. The Corporation has made voluntary refunds in those cases
it believes appropriate.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Corporation uses derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency
and interest rate exposures in the following four areas: foreign currency
transactions, foreign net assets, customer financing assets, and debt.
Derivative financial instruments utilized by the Corporation in its foreign
currency and interest rate hedging activities are Over The Counter instruments
and involve little complexity. The Corporation has policies to monitor the
concentration and credit risks of counterparties, which are a diversified group
of major investment grade financial institutions.
  International operations, including export sales, constitute a significant
portion of the revenues and identifiable assets of the Corporation, averaging
approximately $11.8 billion and $4.6 billion, respectively, for each of the last
three years. These operations result in a large volume of foreign currency
commitment and transaction exposures and significant foreign currency net asset
exposures. Foreign currency commitment and transaction exposures are managed at
the operating unit level as an integral part of the business. To the extent that
foreign currency exposures cannot be offset or managed to an insignificant
amount, it is the Corporation's policy to hedge these residual foreign currency
commitment and transaction exposures. These hedges are scheduled to mature
coincident with the timing of the underlying foreign currency commitments and
transactions. It has been the Corporation's policy to hedge a portion of the
impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates associated with these
foreign investments. During 1994 the Corporation substantially changed this
policy and generally will not hedge foreign net asset exposures. Certain hedge
contracts from the prior policy are still outstanding and may be held until
their scheduled maturity.
  The Corporation also has financing assets with commercial airline industry
customers in connection with engine sale agreements. The Corporation may sell
customer financing assets from time to time based on current market conditions
and other factors. To mitigate the exposure on certain fixed rate customer
financing assets, the Corporation has entered into interest rate swaps.
  It has been the Corporation's practice to manage the relative proportions of
its fixed rate and floating rate debt in the context of the interest rate
environment, expected cash flow and anticipated debt retirements. While the
hedging strategies on both debt and customer financing assets are an integral
portion of the Corporation's risk management, the impact on earnings during the
periods were not material.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>26

MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements of United Technologies Corporation and its subsidiaries
are the responsibility of the Corporation's management and have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
  Management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the financial
statements, including estimates and judgments reflected in them. It fulfills
this responsibility primarily by establishing and maintaining accounting systems
and practices adequately supported by internal accounting controls. These
controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Corporation's
assets are safeguarded, that transactions are executed in accordance with
management's authorizations, and that the financial records are reliable for the
purpose of preparing financial statements. Self-monitoring mechanisms are also a
part of the control environment whereby, as deficiencies are identified,
corrective actions are taken. Even an effective internal control system, no
matter how well designed, has inherent limitations -- including the possibility
of the circumvention or overriding of controls -- and, therefore, can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
such safeguarding of assets. Further, because of changes in conditions, internal
control system effectiveness may vary over time.
  The Corporation assessed its internal control system as of December 31, 1994.
Based on this assessment, management believes the internal accounting controls
in use provide reasonable assurance that the Corporation's assets are
safeguarded, that transactions are executed in accordance with management's
authorizations, and that the financial records are reliable for the purpose of
preparing financial statements.
  Independent accountants are appointed annually by the Corporation's
shareowners to audit the financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards. Their report appears in this Annual Report. Their
audits, as well as those of the Corporation's internal audit department,
include a review of internal accounting controls and selective tests of
transactions.
  The Audit Review Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting of six
directors who are not officers or employees of the Corporation, meets regularly
with management, the independent accountants, and the internal auditors, to
review matters relating to financial reporting, internal accounting controls and
auditing.

/s/ ROBERT F. DANIELL                  /s/ GEORGE DAVID
Robert F. Daniell                      George David
Chairman                               President and Chief Executive Officer

/s/ STEPHEN F. PAGE
Stephen F. Page
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Shareowners of United Technologies Corporation

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and the related
consolidated statements of operations, of changes in shareowners' equity and of
cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
United Technologies Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1994 and
1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management; our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstate-
ment. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
  As discussed in Note 2, the Corporation changed its methods of accounting for
its Employee Stock Ownership Plan in 1994 and for postretirement benefits other
than pensions and for income taxes in 1992.

/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
One Financial Plaza
Hartford, Connecticut
January 26, 1995

<PAGE>
<PAGE>27

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS                                                              UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Years Ended December 31,
In Millions of Dollars (except per share amounts)                                            1994            1993            1992
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
REVENUES
Product sales                                                                             $16,670         $16,671         $17,559
Service sales                                                                               4,131           4,065           4,082
Financing revenues and other income, less other deductions                                    396             345             391
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           21,197          21,081          22,032
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COSTS AND EXPENSES
Cost of products sold                                                                      13,773          13,666          14,727
Cost of services sold                                                                       2,559           2,571           2,591
Research and development                                                                      978           1,137           1,221
Selling, general and administrative                                                         2,536           2,547           3,011
Interest                                                                                      275             251             282
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           20,121          20,172          21,832
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income before income taxes and minority interests                                           1,076             909             200
Income taxes                                                                                  384             336              77
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income before minority interests                                                          692             573             123
Less-Minority interests in subsidiaries' earnings                                             107              86              88
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income before cumulative effect of accounting principle changes                           585             487              35
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles for income taxes
  and postretirement benefits other than pensions                                              --              --            (322)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                                                         $   585         $   487         $  (287)
===================================================================================================================================
Preferred Stock Dividend Requirement                                                      $    22         $    43         $    42
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (Loss) Applicable to Common Stock                                                $   563         $   444         $  (329)
===================================================================================================================================

PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK:
  Primary:
    Earnings (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting principle changes              $  4.40         $  3.53         $ (0.05)
    Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles for income taxes
      and postretirement benefits other than pensions                                          --              --           (2.62)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Earnings (Loss)                                                                       $  4.40         $  3.53         $ (2.67)
===================================================================================================================================
  Fully Diluted:
    Earnings (loss) before cumulative effect of accounting principle changes              $  4.40         $  3.30         $ (0.05)
    Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles for income taxes
      and postretirement benefits other than pensions                                          --              --           (2.62)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Earnings (Loss)                                                                       $  4.40         $  3.30         $ (2.67)
===================================================================================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>28

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET                                                                        UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                  December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                                                                                         1994          1993
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                                       <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 $   386         $   421
Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $336 in each year)                           3,745           2,981
Inventories and contracts in progress (net of progress payments and billings on contracts in progress)      2,955           3,153
Future income tax benefits                                                                                    929             794
Other current assets                                                                                          213             357
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Current Assets                                                                                    8,228           7,706
Customer financing assets                                                                                     620             914
Future income tax benefits                                                                                    594             698
Fixed assets                                                                                                4,532           4,565
Other assets                                                                                                1,650           1,735
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                          $15,624         $15,618
===================================================================================================================================
LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY
Short-term borrowings                                                                                     $   402         $   780
Accounts payable                                                                                            1,924           1,815
Accrued liabilities                                                                                         4,071           4,085
Long-term debt - currently due                                                                                156             240
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Current Liabilities                                                                               6,553           6,920
Long-term debt                                                                                              1,885           1,939
Future pension and postretirement benefit obligations                                                       1,389           1,440
Future income taxes payable                                                                                   196             177
Other long-term liabilities                                                                                 1,110             999
Commitments and contingent liabilities (Notes 4 and 14)
Minority interests in subsidiary companies                                                                    400             369
Series A ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock, $1 par value (Authorized - 20,000,000 shares)
  Outstanding - 13,619,115 and 12,459,932 shares                                                              905             822
ESOP deferred compensation                                                                                   (566)           (646)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                              339             176
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY:
  Capital Stock:
    Preferred Stock, $1 par value (Authorized - 230,000,000 shares; none issued or outstanding)                --              --
    Common Stock, $5 par value (Authorized - 500,000,000 shares)
    Issued- 140,154,766 and 138,712,505 shares                                                              2,148           2,075
  Treasury Stock (17,018,899 and 12,665,188 common shares at cost)                                           (947)           (677)
  Retained earnings                                                                                         2,790           2,466
  Currency translation and pension liability adjustments                                                     (239)           (266)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY                                                                               3,752           3,598
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY                                                             $15,624         $15,618
===================================================================================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>29

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                              UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>                                                                                                               
                                                                                                     Years Ended December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                                                                           1994          1993          1992
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                          <C>           <C>           <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income (loss)                                                                          $    585      $    487      $   (287)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows from operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                                                 840           815           852
    Minority interests in subsidiaries' earnings                                                  107            86            88
    Gain on sale of Westland Group plc                                                            (87)           --            --
    Change in:
      Accounts receivable                                                                        (756)           45           239
      Inventories and contracts                                                                   290           335           328
      Other current assets                                                                        161           (55)         (135)
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                    239            73           202
      Future income taxes payable and future income tax benefits                                  (16)           33          (626)
      Noncurrent postretirement benefit obligation                                                 11            37           808
      Restructuring liabilities                                                                  (233)         (393)         (269)
      ESOP deferred compensation                                                                  119            --            --
    Other, net                                                                                     97            45             3
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                  1,357         1,508         1,203
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Capital expenditures                                                                           (759)         (846)         (920)
  Increase in customer financing assets                                                          (248)         (356)         (202)
  Decrease in customer financing assets                                                           545           148            --
  Acquisitions of business units                                                                 (125)           --            --
  Dispositions of business units                                                                  282            --            64
  Sales of fixed assets and other                                                                  16            28           132
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NET CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                   (289)       (1,026)         (926)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Issuance of long-term debt                                                                       25            27            13
  Repayments of long-term debt                                                                   (207)         (636)         (355)
  Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings                                                   (379)          403            85
  Common Stock issued for employee stock plans and other                                           73           110            87
  Dividends paid on Common and ESOP Preferred Stocks                                             (238)         (267)         (264)
  Common Stock repurchase                                                                        (270)           --            --
  Dividends to minority interests and other, net                                                 (102)          (16)           (1)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NET CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                 (1,098)         (379)         (435)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               (5)          (36)          (11)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                        (35)           67          (169)
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of year                                                      421           354           523
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of year                                                       $    386      $    421      $    354
===================================================================================================================================
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                                                    $    237      $    239      $    293
Income taxes paid, net of refunds                                                                 248           179           403
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>30

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY                                          UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                            Equity Adjustments
                                                                                                        -------------------------
                                                                      Common  Treasury     Retained        Currency       Pension
In Millions of Dollars (except per share amounts)                      Stock     Stock     Earnings     Translation     Liability
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>       <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>
BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 1991                                             $1,878    $ (677)      $2,787          $  (27)       $   --
Issued under employee incentive plans, and related tax benefit
  (1,868,645 shares of Common Stock, net of 160,002 shares purchased    
  and reissued)                                                           87                     (1)
Redemption of Common Stock Rights                                                               (12)
Net loss                                                                                       (287)
Dividends on -- Common Stock ($1.80 per share)                                                 (222)
             -- ESOP Preferred Stock ($4.80 per share), net of
                income tax benefits of $19 million                                              (42)
             -- Recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefit on
                ESOP Preferred Stock dividends                                                   24
Deferred foreign currency translation and hedging adjustments,
  including income taxes of $12 million                                                                        (108)
Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of income tax benefits of
  $19 million                                                                                                                 (30)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 1992                                              1,965      (677)       2,247            (135)          (30)
Issued under employee incentive plans, and related tax benefit
  (2,273,625 shares of Common Stock, net of 21,409 shares purchased 
  and reissued)                                                          110                     (1)
Net income                                                                                      487
Dividends on -- Common Stock ($1.80 per share)                                                 (224)
             -- ESOP Preferred Stock ($4.80 per share), net of
                income tax benefits of $18 million                                              (43)
Deferred foreign currency translation and hedging adjustments,
  including income taxes of $4 million                                                                          (92)
Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of income tax benefits of
  $7 million                                                                                                                   (9)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 1993                                              2,075      (677)       2,466            (227)          (39)
Issued under employee incentive plans, and related tax benefit
  (1,442,261 shares of Common Stock, net of 200,774 shares purchased 
  and reissued)                                                           73                     (1)
Net income                                                                                      585
Dividends on -- Common Stock ($1.90 per share)                                                 (238)
             -- ESOP Preferred Stock ($4.80 per share)                                          (22)
Purchase of 4,360,000 shares of Common Stock                                      (270)
Deferred foreign currency translation and hedging adjustments,
  including income tax benefits of $25 million                                                                    8
Minimum pension liability adjustment, net of income taxes of
  $13 million                                                                                                                  19
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE DECEMBER 31, 1994                                             $2,148    $ (947)      $2,790          $ (219)       $  (20)
===================================================================================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>31

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION: The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. International operating 
subsidiaries are included generally on the basis of fiscal years ending 
November 30. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. Certain 
reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the current
year presentation.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, 
demand deposits and short-term cash investments which are highly liquid in 
nature and have original maturities of three months or less.

INVENTORIES AND CONTRACTS IN PROGRESS: Inventories and contracts in progress are
stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value. Inventories consist
primarily of raw materials and work in process. Materials in excess of 
requirements for contracts and orders currently in effect or anticipated have 
been written off. A considerable portion of inventories is based on first-in, 
first out (FIFO) cost. The remainder of inventories is stated either at average
cost or at actual cost accumulated against specific contracts or orders or, in
the case of a substantial portion of inventories in the Carrier and Automotive
businesses, at last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost.
  Manufacturing tooling costs are charged to inventories or to fixed assets
depending upon their nature, general applicability and useful lives. Tooling
costs included in inventory are charged to cost of sales based on usage,
generally within two years after they enter productive use. All other
manufacturing costs are allocated to current production and firm contracts.
General and administrative expenses are charged to expense as incurred.
  Contracts in progress relate to elevator and escalator contracts and include
costs of manufactured components, accumulated installation costs and estimated
earnings on incomplete contracts.

FIXED ASSETS: Fixed assets are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed over the
assets' useful lives using accelerated methods for aerospace operations and the
straight-line method for other operations.

GOODWILL: Costs in excess of values assigned to the underlying net assets of
acquired companies are included in other assets and are generally being
amortized over periods ranging up to 40 years. On a periodic basis, the
Corporation estimates the future undiscounted cash flows of the businesses to
which goodwill relates to ensure that the carrying value of such goodwill has
not been impaired.

REVENUE RECOGNITION: Sales under government and commercial fixed-price contracts
and government fixed-price-incentive contracts are recorded at the time
deliveries are made or, in some cases, on a percentage of completion basis.
Sales under cost-reimbursement contracts are recorded as work is performed and
billed. Sales of commercial aircraft engines sometimes require significant
participation by the Corporation in aircraft financing arrangements; when
appropriate, such sales are accounted for as operating leases. Sales under
elevator and escalator installation and modernization contracts are accounted
for under the percentage of completion method.
  Prospective losses, if any, on contracts are provided for when the losses
become anticipated. Loss provisions are based upon any anticipated excess of
inventoriable manufacturing or engineering costs and estimated warranty and
product guarantee costs over the net revenue from the products contemplated by
the specific order.
  Service sales, representing aftermarket repair and maintenance activities, are
recognized over the contractual period or as services are performed.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT: Research and development costs not specifically
covered by contracts and those related to the Corporation-sponsored share of
research and development activity in connection with cost-sharing arrangements
are charged to operations as incurred.

HEDGING ACTIVITY: The Corporation uses derivative financial instruments,
including futures, options, swaps and forward contracts, to manage foreign
currency and interest rate exposures in the following four areas: foreign
currency transactions (Note 12), foreign net assets (Note 12), customer
financing assets (Note 4), and debt (Note 9). These derivative financial
instruments are accounted for on an accrual basis and income and expense is
generally recorded in the same category as that arising from the related asset
or liability.
  Gains and losses on hedges of foreign currency exposure of net investments in
subsidiaries are recorded in the currency translation account in shareowners'
equity.
  For derivatives that hedge firm commitments, gains and losses are deferred and
recognized when the associated hedged transaction occurs. For derivative
instruments that hedge foreign currency denominated receivables and payables,
gains and losses offset the effects of foreign exchange gains and losses from
the associated hedged receivables and payables.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>32

EARNINGS PER SHARE: In 1994, primary earnings per share and fully diluted
earnings per share computations are based on the average number of shares of
common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding during the year. ESOP
Convertible Preferred shares of the Corporation are considered common stock
equivalents when committed to employees savings plan accounts. See Note 2 below
for discussion of the ESOP accounting change.
  In 1993 and 1992, primary earnings per share is computed on the average number
of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding. However,
ESOP Convertible Preferred shares were not considered common stock equivalents.
Fully diluted earnings per share reflects the maximum dilution of earnings per
share where all of the ESOP Convertible Preferred shares of the Corporation
(both committed and uncommitted) are treated as if-converted as of the later of
the beginning of the year or the date of issue. A reduction in earnings
applicable to common shareholders is required in the computation of fully
diluted earnings per share, in 1993 and 1992, representing the Corporation's
assumed additional contribution to the ESOP to enable it to meet its debt
repayment responsibilities were the preferred dividends not available for this
purpose.

2   ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING CHANGES
In the fourth quarter of 1994 the Corporation adopted, effective January 1,
1994, AICPA Statement of Position (SOP) 93-6, "Employers' Accounting for
Employee Stock Ownership Plans." The principal impact of the accounting change
on ongoing results is to consider as outstanding only those ESOP Convertible
Preferred shares committed to employee accounts, to report as interest expense
all interest on the debt of the ESOP trust and to report preferred stock
dividends only on those shares considered as outstanding.
  As a result of this change, the Corporation's pretax income for 1994 was
reduced by $95 million, including a one-time charge of $51 million ($31 million
after tax or $.23 per share). This one-time charge represents the cumulative
difference between the expense determined under the new accounting method and
that previously recognized from inception of the ESOP through January 1, 1994.
The one-time charge has been recorded in Financing revenues and other income,
less other deductions in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.
  The 1994 ESOP accounting change, excluding the one-time charge, reduced 1994
pretax income by $44 million or $28 million after tax, and reduced 1994
reported preferred stock dividends by $22 million. Those reductions in net
income and preferred stock dividend requirements, and the reduction in ESOP
shares considered outstanding of 8.5 million shares in 1994, have the combined
effect of increasing 1994 earnings per share by $.18, excluding the one time
charge. Overall, earnings per share in 1994 was reduced by $.05 as a result of
this accounting change.
  As this accounting change was adopted in the fourth quarter of 1994,
previously reported 1994 quarterly information has been restated to reflect the
change effective January 1, 1994.
  Effective January 1, 1992, the Corporation adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106 (FAS 106), "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," using the immediate recognition
transition option. The after-tax cumulative effect attributable to years prior
to January 1, 1992 for this change in accounting for retiree health care and
life insurance benefits reduced 1992 earnings by $482 million ($3.91 per share).
  Effective January 1, 1992, the Corporation adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109 (FAS 109), "Accounting for Income Taxes." The
cumulative effect attributable to years prior to January 1, 1992 for this change
in accounting for income taxes increased 1992 earnings by $160 million ($1.29
per share).

3   BUSINESS DISPOSITIONS
During the second quarter of 1994, the Corporation sold its equity share 
holdings in Westland Group plc and the net operating assets (excluding real 
property) of its Norden subsidiary for proceeds totaling approximately $227 
million. The Corporation recorded a pretax gain of $87 million on the Westland 
sale which is included in Financing revenues and other income, less other 
deductions in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The impact of the Norden
sale on the Corporation's results was not significant.

4   AIRLINE INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER FINANCING ASSETS
The Corporation has significant receivables and other financing assets which 
result from its business activities with commercial airline industry customers 
totaling $2,290 million and $2,235 million at December 31, 1994 and 1993, 
respectively. These amounts primarily relate to Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton 
Standard and UT Finance Corporation.
  Customer financing assets consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>
Notes receivable                                            $274          $570
Leases receivable, less unearned income of $265 and $311     288           367
Products under lease                                          92            19
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             654           956
Less: receivables due within one year                         34            42
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            $620          $914
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  Scheduled maturities of notes and leases receivable due after one year are as
follows: $49 million in 1996, $64 million in 1997, $30 million in 1998, $23 
million in 1999 and $362 million in 2000 and thereafter.
  Customer aircraft financing activities are conducted principally through UT
Finance Corporation, its consolidated subsidiaries and certain other customer
financing operations.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>33

  The Corporation may sell customer financing assets from time to time based on
current market conditions and other factors. To mitigate the exposure on certain
fixed rate customer financing assets, the Corporation has entered into interest
rate swap contracts related to receivables of $206 million at December 31, 1994.
The expiration dates of the swap contracts are tied to the specific customer 
financing assets and extend to 2011.
  The competitive commercial aircraft engine market often requires customer 
financing commitments. These commitments may be in the form of guarantees, 
secured debt or lease financing. At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had 
commitments to finance or arrange financing for approximately $1.3 billion of 
commercial aircraft. The Corporation cannot currently predict the extent to 
which these commitments will be utilized, since certain customers may be able to
obtain more favorable terms from other financing sources. From time to time, the
Corporation also arranges for third party investors to assume a portion of its
commitments. However, should all current commitments be exercised as scheduled,
the maximum amounts that will be disbursed are as follows: $406 million in 1995,
$227 million in 1996, $361 million in 1997, $222 million in 1998, $86 million in
1999 and $14 million in 2000 and beyond. If exercised, the financing
arrangements will be secured by assets with fair values exceeding the financed
amounts. The interest rates on the financing commitments are established at the
time they are funded.
  The Corporation's customer financing activities also include leasing aircraft
and subleasing the aircraft to customers. At December 31, 1994, the 
Corporation's rental commitments under long-term noncancelable operating leases
aggregated $265 million ($25 million in each of the years 1995 through 1999, and
$140 million through 2008). In some instances, customers have minimum lease 
terms which may result in sublease periods shorter than the Corporation's lease
obligation.
  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation also had approximately $273 million of
residual value and other guarantees related to various commercial aircraft
engine customer financing arrangements. Where applicable, the estimated fair
market value of the assets securing these guarantees equaled or exceeded the
related guarantees, after considering existing reserves.
  The Corporation has a 33% interest in International Aero Engines AG (IAE), an
international consortium of five shareholders for the V2500 commercial aircraft
engine program. The other four shareholders are Rolls-Royce, Japanese Aero 
Engines Corporation, Motoren-und-Turbinen-Union and FiatAvio. IAE may offer 
customer financing in support of V2500 engine sales. As of December 31, 1994, 
IAE has lease obligations under long-term noncancelable leases of approximately
$400 million through 2020. These lease obligations are secured by aircraft which
are subleased to customers under long-term leases, with short-term cancellation
provisions, and whose fair values exceed the financed amounts. IAE has remaining
commitments to provide approximately $400 million of similar lease financing.
The shareholders of IAE have guaranteed IAE's lease obligations to the extent of
their respective ownership interests. In the event any shareholder were to
default on such guarantees, the other shareholders would be proportionately
responsible. The Corporation's share of IAE lease commitments and guarantees is
approximately $250 million at December 31, 1994.
  Allowances for possible losses relating to financing activities with
commercial airline customers are $373 million and $374 million at December 31,
1994 and 1993, respectively.

5   INVENTORIES AND CONTRACTS IN PROGRESS
Inventories and contracts in progress consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>
Inventories                                              $ 3,357       $ 3,629
Elevator and escalator contracts in progress               1,023         1,006
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           4,380         4,635
Less:
  Progress payments, secured by lien, on
    United States Government contracts                      (204)         (347)
  Billings on contracts in progress                       (1,221)       (1,135)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         $ 2,955       $ 3,153
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  The methods of accounting followed by the Corporation do not permit
classification of inventories by categories of finished goods, work in process
and raw materials. The Corporation's sales contracts in many cases are long-term
contracts expected to be performed over periods exceeding twelve months. At
December 31, 1994 and 1993, approximately 58% of the total inventories and
contracts in progress has been acquired or manufactured under such long-term
contracts. It is impracticable for the Corporation to determine the amounts of
inventory scheduled for delivery under long-term contracts within the next
twelve months.
  A substantial portion of the Corporation's inventories in its Carrier and
Automotive businesses is valued under the LIFO method. If these inventories had
been valued under the first-in, first-out method, they would have been higher by
$138 million at December 31, 1994 ($137 million at December 31, 1993).

6   FIXED ASSETS
Fixed assets consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>
   Land                                                 $    164      $    158
   Buildings and improvements                              2,988         2,754
   Machinery, tools and equipment                          6,690         6,427
   Under construction                                        351           457
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          10,193         9,796
   Accumulated depreciation                               (5,661)       (5,231)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        $  4,532      $  4,565
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  Depreciation expense was $793 in 1994 and $777 million in 1993 and 1992.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>34

7   OTHER ASSETS
Other assets consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>
Goodwill (net of accumulated amortization
  of $300 and $254)                                       $  582        $  544
Receivables due after one year                               227           239
Investments                                                  204           218
Prepaid pension costs and other                              637           734
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $1,650        $1,735
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

  Current and long-term accounts receivable at December 31, 1994 and 1993
include approximately $96 million and $105 million, respectively, representing
retainage under contract provisions and amounts which are not presently billable
because of lack of funding, final prices or contractual documents under
government contracts or for other reasons. These items are expected to be
collected in the normal course of business.

8   ACCRUED LIABILITIES
Accrued liabilities consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                    1994            1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits           $  938          $  912
Service and warranty accruals                              519             567
Advances on sales contracts                                608             561
Income taxes payable                                       445             314
Accrued restructuring costs                                107             245
Other                                                    1,454           1,486
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        $4,071          $4,085
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

9   BORROWINGS AND LINES OF CREDIT
Short-term borrowings consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                    1994            1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>
Foreign bank borrowings                                   $243            $204
Commercial paper and notes                                 159             576
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $402            $780
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  The weighted-average interest rates applicable to short-term borrowings
outstanding at December 31, 1994 and 1993 were 8.5% and 5.4%, respectively.
  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had credit commitments from banks
totaling $1.1 billion under a Revolving Credit Agreement. The agreement provides
for borrowings at prevailing interest rates up to the prime rate. The expiration
date for the agreement is September 30, 1999 with a facility fee of .1% per year
on the aggregate commitment. There were no borrowings under Revolving Credit
Agreements during the two years ended December 31, 1994.
  Principal payments required on long-term debt for the next five years are $156
million in 1995, $120 million in 1996, $185 million in 1997, $83 million in 1998
and $268 million in 1999. Long-term debt consists of the following:

<TABLE>                              
<CAPTION>                            
                                     1994 Debt           In Millions of Dollars
                          -----------------------------  ----------------------
                          Weighted Average
Type of Issue                Interest Rate     Maturity        1994       1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>      <C>            <C>        <C>
Denominated in U.S. Dollars:
  Notes and other debt               7.5%     1995-2021      $1,025     $1,091
Denominated in foreign currency:
  Notes and other debt               8.5%     1995-2030          42         95
Capital lease obligations            9.3%     1995-2029         457        440
ESOP debt guarantee                  7.5%     1995-2009         517        553
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              2,041      2,179
Less: long-term debt currently due                              156        240
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             $1,885     $1,939
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>35

  The Corporation enters into interest rate contracts to decrease funding costs
by managing the relative proportion of fixed and floating rate debt, to 
diversify sources of funding and to manage the scheduled maturities of debt.
  At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had $621 million of interest rate 
contracts which swap fixed interest rates for floating rates. At December 31, 
1993, the Corporation had $630 million of interest rate contracts which swap 
fixed rates for floating rates and $75 million of contracts which swap floating
rates for fixed rates. The expiration dates of the various contracts are tied to
scheduled debt and capital lease obligation payment dates and extend to 2002. At
December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Corporation had a $100 million outstanding 
option which gives the counterparty the right to receive a fixed rate and pay a
floating rate, from the exercise date in 1996 to the maturity date in 1999. This
option mirrors the call provision in one of the Corporation's outstanding debt
issues and effectively fixes the interest rate to the stated final maturity of
the related debt.
  The percentage of total debt at floating interest rates after taking effect of
the interest rate contracts is 42% and 47% at December 31, 1994 and 1993,
respectively. The weighted average interest rates on long-term debt presented
above include the effect of interest rate swap agreements.

CAPITALIZED INTEREST: During 1994, the Corporation and its consolidated
subsidiaries capitalized $19 million ($29 million in 1993 and $52 million in
1992) of interest, to be depreciated over the lives of the related fixed assets.

10   TAXES ON INCOME
Significant components of income taxes (benefits) for each year are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>           <C>
Current:
  United States:
    Federal                                  $ 112         $   6         $(145)
    State                                       25            22             9
  Foreign                                      351           226           263
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               488           254           127
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Future:
  United States:
    Federal                                   (133)            4           (19)
    State                                        2            22           (44)
  Foreign                                        1            27           (24)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              (130)           53           (87)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               358           307            40
Benefits attributable to items
  credited to equity and goodwill               26            29            37
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             $ 384         $ 336         $  77
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  As discussed in Note 2, the Corporation adopted FAS 109 as of January 1, 1992,
and the cumulative effect of this change is reported in the 1992 Consolidated
Statement of Operations.
  Future income taxes represent the tax effects of transactions which are
reported in different periods for financial and tax reporting purposes. These
differences consist of temporary differences, which are the tax effects of
differences between the tax and financial reporting balance sheets, and tax
carryforwards. The tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards which
gave rise to future income tax benefits and payables at December 31, 1994 and
1993 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>
Future income tax benefits:
  Inventories and contracts                               $  443        $  393
  Fixed assets                                              (211)         (228)
  Insurance and employee benefits                            604           554
  Warranty liability                                         217           286
  Environmental and restructuring liabilities                258           377
  Other items, net                                           193            81
  Tax loss carryforwards                                     153           173
  Tax credit carryforwards                                   221           153
  Valuation allowance                                       (355)         (297)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $1,523        $1,492
===============================================================================
Future income taxes payable:
  Insurance and employee benefits                         $   37        $   42
  Fixed assets                                               117           125
  Other items, net                                            62            43
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $  216        $  210
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

Current and non-current future income tax benefits and payables within the same
tax jurisdiction are offset for presentation in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Valuation allowances have been established for tax credit and tax loss
carryforwards to reduce the future income tax benefits to amounts expected to be
realized. Federal loss carryforwards arise from business acquisitions with
significant restrictions as to their future realization and consequently are
fully reserved.
  The sources of income (loss) before income taxes and minority interests were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>            <C>           <C>
United States                               $  244         $291          $(374)
Foreign                                        832          618            574
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            $1,076         $909          $ 200
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  United States income taxes have not been provided on undistributed earnings of
international subsidiaries. The Corporation's intention is to reinvest these
earnings permanently or to repatriate the earnings only when it is tax effective
to do so. Accordingly, the Corporation believes that any United States tax on
repatriated earnings would be substantially offset by U.S. foreign tax credits.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>36

  Differences between effective income tax rates and the statutory U.S. federal
income tax rates are as follows:
                                             
<TABLE>                                      
<CAPTION>
                                             1994           1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>           <C>
Statutory U.S. federal income
  tax rate                                   35.0%          35.0%         34.0%
State and local income taxes,
  net of federal tax benefit                  1.8            3.4          (9.6)
Varying tax rates of consolidated
  subsidiaries (including Foreign           
  Sales Corporation)                         (4.7)          (1.0)         (5.7)
Amortization of excess purchase
  accounting and goodwill
  adjustments, without tax effect             0.6            0.5           3.4
Foreign tax credits                           1.3           (0.4)         15.6
Other                                         1.7           (0.5)          0.7
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective income tax rates                   35.7%          37.0%         38.4%
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  Tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 1994 are $221 million and expire as
follows: $27 million in 1998, $15 million in 1999 and $179 over an indefinite
carryforward period. Tax loss carryforwards at December 31, 1994 are $1,314
million and expire as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                Federal         State           Foreign
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>                <C>
1995-1999                               $  --          $686               $82
2000-2004                                  31           142                 2
2005-2009                                  --           306                --
Indefinite                                 --            --                65
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

11   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
EMPLOYEE PENSION BENEFITS: The Corporation and its domestic subsidiaries have a
number of defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all U.S. 
employees. Plan benefits are generally based on years of service and the 
employee's compensation during the last several years of employment. The 
Corporation's funding policy is based on an actuarially determined cost method
allowable under Internal Revenue Service regulations. The funds are invested
either in various securities by trustees or in insurance annuity contracts.
Certain foreign subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans or severance
indemnity plans covering their employees.
  In addition to the defined benefit plans covering U.S. and foreign employees
discussed above, the Corporation makes contributions to multiemployer plans
(predominantly defined benefit plans) covering certain employees in some of its
U.S. operations.
  Summarized below are the components of pension expense for defined benefit
plans and multiemployer plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>         <C>             <C>
Defined benefit plans:
Service expense                              $ 192       $   204         $ 195
Interest expense                               586           573           551
Actual return on assets                       (193)       (1,024)         (286)
Net amortization and deferral
  of actuarial gains (losses)                 (506)          305          (433)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pension expense                              $  79       $    58         $  27
===============================================================================
Pension expense of multiemployer plans       $  21       $    19         $  17
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  The following table summarizes the funded status of the defined benefit 
pension plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          December 31, 1994               December 31, 1993
                                                                   -----------------------------   -----------------------------
                                                                   Assets Exceed     Accumulated   Assets Exceed     Accumulated
                                                                     Accumulated        Benefits     Accumulated        Benefits
In Millions of Dollars                                                  Benefits   Exceed Assets        Benefits   Exceed Assets
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
  Vested                                                                  $4,536          $1,619          $4,894          $1,702
  Nonvested                                                                  557             107             615             128
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Accumulated benefit obligation                                           5,093           1,726           5,509           1,830
  Effect of projected future salary increases                                830              87             834             106
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation for services rendered to date                 5,923           1,813           6,343           1,936
Plan assets available for benefits                                         5,786           1,443           5,937           1,532
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets                       (137)           (370)           (406)           (404)
Unrecognized net loss (gain)                                                 321             127             609             195
Unrecognized prior service cost                                               49             126              58             128
Unrecognized net (asset) obligation at transition                            (93)            (21)           (112)            (25)
Additional minimum liability recognized                                       --            (163)             --            (207)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pension asset (liability) included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet      $  140          $ (301)         $  149          $ (313)
===================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>37

  The pension funds are valued at September 30 of the respective years in the
table above. Major assumptions used in the accounting for the defined benefit
pension plans are shown in the following table as weighted averages.
                                                        
<TABLE>                                                 
<CAPTION>                                               
                                                        December 31,
                                              1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>          <C>
Discount rate                                 8.3%          7.3%          8.1%
Salary scale                                  4.9%          5.1%          5.2%
Expected return on assets                     9.7%          9.7%         10.5%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  In accordance with the provisions of FAS 87, the Corporation was required to
record an additional minimum pension liability at December 31, 1994 and 1993.
This amount represents the excess of the accumulated benefit obligations over
the fair value of plan assets and accrued pension liabilities. The liabilities
have been offset by intangible assets to the extent possible. Because the asset
recognized may not exceed the amount of unrecognized prior service cost, the
balance of the liability at the end of each period is reported as a separate
reduction to shareowners' equity, net of tax benefits.
  Amounts are summarized as follows:
                                                               
<TABLE>                                                    
<CAPTION>                                                      
                                                               December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>
Intangible assets                                           $130          $142
Reduction of shareowners' equity                              20            39
Tax benefits                                                  13            26
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional minimum liability                                $163          $207
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

EMPLOYEE HEALTH CARE AND INSURANCE BENEFITS: As discussed in Note 2, the
Corporation adopted FAS 106 as of January 1, 1992.
  Substantially all domestic full-time employees who retire from the Corporation
between age 55 and age 65, and certain foreign employees, are eligible to
receive postretirement health care and life insurance benefits under various
plans. Certain of these plans which were revised during 1993 call for defined
dollar benefits. Other plans are contributory defined benefit plans and include
certain cost sharing features such as deductibles and co-payments. These
benefits are generally funded on a pay-as-you-go basis. Certain retired
employees of businesses acquired by the company are covered under other health
care plans that differ from current plans in coverage, deductibles, and retiree
contributions.
  Summary information on the Corporation's plans is as follows:
                                                               
<TABLE>                                                        
<CAPTION>                                                      
                                                               December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit
  obligation (APBO):
    Retirees                                                $517          $505
    Fully eligible, active participants                       27            32
    Other active participants                                244           341
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             788           878
Less: plan assets at fair value                               85           107
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Postretirement benefit obligation in
  excess of plan assets                                      703           771
Unrecognized net gain (loss)                                  18           (73)
Unrecognized net reduction in prior
  service expense                                            210           222
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued postretirement benefit liability                    $931          $920
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  The components of postretirement benefit expense are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Service expense                               $ 12          $ 17          $ 35
Interest expense                                60            65            80
Actual return on plan assets                    (7)           (7)          (10)
Net amortization and deferral of
  actuarial (gains) losses                     (17)          (17)           --
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net postretirement benefit expense            $ 48          $ 58          $105
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

  The following assumptions are used to project changes in the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation and plan assets:
                                                        
<TABLE>                                                 
<CAPTION>                                               
                                                        December 31,
                                              1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>
Discount rate                                 8.4%          7.4%          8.1%
Expected return on assets                     8.5%          8.5%          8.4%
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  The assumed health care cost trend rate used in measuring the accumulated 
postretirement benefit obligation was 13.75% in 1994, declining by .75% per year
to an ultimate rate of 8.25%.
  If the health care cost trend rate assumptions were increased by 1% per year,
the APBO as of December 31, 1994 would be increased by approximately 5%. The
effect of this change on the sum of the service expense and interest expense
components of the postretirement benefit expense for 1994 would be an increase
of 6%.

CURTAILMENT: During 1994 and 1993, the Corporation recognized net pension and
postretirement benefit curtailment losses of $7 million and $56 million, 
respectively. These losses resulted from the net

<PAGE>
<PAGE>38

increase in the Corporation's benefit obligation for pension and postretirement
benefits for certain employees affected by workforce reductions at several
operating units and from enhanced early retirement benefits.

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLANS: In 1989, the Corporation established an Employee Stock
Ownership Plan (ESOP) to fund the Corporation's match of employee contributions
within its savings plan covering substantially all nonunion domestic employees.
At that time, the Corporation's Board of Directors authorized 20,000,000 shares
of Series A ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock (ESOP Preferred Stock), par value
$1.00 per share, having a $4.80 dividend per year. Each share is convertible
into one share of Common Stock and has a guaranteed value of $65. Because of the
guaranteed value, the ESOP Preferred Stock is classified outside of permanent
equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The ESOP Preferred Stock is currently
redeemable, at the option of the Corporation, at a price of $67.40 per share
plus accrued and unpaid dividends.
  Since its inception, the ESOP has purchased approximately 14.5 million shares
of Preferred Stock to fulfill the Corporation's current and estimated future
matching requirements. External borrowing, guaranteed by the Corporation, was
obtained for a portion of the share purchases and is reported as debt on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. Shares of ESOP Preferred Stock are committed to each
employee based upon fair value at the date earned. To the extent that shares are
not sufficient to fulfill the matching commitment, the Corporation must
contribute additional ESOP Preferred Stock, Common Stock or cash. The ESOP
compensation expense is equal to the Corporation's matching requirement. At
December 31, 1994, 5.1 million shares had been committed to employees, leaving
8.5 million uncommitted shares in the ESOP trust.
  Shares committed to employees generally may not be withdrawn until the
employee's termination, disability, retirement or death. Upon withdrawal, shares
of the ESOP Preferred Stock must be converted into the Corporation's Common
Stock or, if the value of the Common Stock is less than the guaranteed value of
the ESOP Preferred Stock, the Corporation must repurchase the shares at their
guaranteed value.
  The Corporation is required to contribute sufficient funds, when combined with
dividends paid on the ESOP Preferred Stock, to meet ESOP's debt service
requirements. Before the change in ESOP accounting in 1994, contributions to the
ESOP together with the value of additional ESOP Preferred Stock necessary to
satisfy the savings plan matching requirement were charged to expense.
  The Corporation and a number of its subsidiaries have additional savings plans
in which a portion of employee contributions is matched in cash by the employer.
The amount expensed related to all savings plans totaled $84 million, $77
million and $77 million for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN: The Corporation has a Long-Term Incentive Plan (1989
Plan) under which shares of Common Stock may be sold or awarded to officers and
key employees. This plan essentially superceded all previous plans.
  The 1989 Plan authorizes various types of market-based incentive and
performance-based awards. The exercise price of a stock option, as set at the
time of the grant, will not be less than the fair market value of the shares on
the date of grant. The maximum number of shares which may be utilized for awards
granted during a given calendar year may not exceed 2% of the aggregate shares
of Common Stock, common stock equivalents and treasury shares for the preceding
fiscal year.
  At December 31, 1994, stock options for 5,110,132 shares of Common Stock were
exercisable at an average price of $47.18 per share.
  A summary of the transactions under all Plans for the three years ended
December 31 follows:

<PAGE>
<PAGE>39
                                           
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Stock Options
                                    -------------------------
                                                      Average  Other Incentive
                                       Shares           Price           Awards
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>                 <C>            <C>
Outstanding - December 31, 1991     8,703,372          $44.03          684,561
              Granted               1,618,726          $50.28          640,595
              Exercised/earned     (1,698,513)         $38.26         (468,209)
              Cancelled              (179,832)         $48.49         (266,622)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding - December 31, 1992     8,443,753          $46.30          590,325
              Granted               1,395,273          $47.36          438,865
              Exercised/earned     (2,103,123)         $44.62         (338,681)
              Cancelled              (180,846)         $48.21          (74,017)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding - December 31, 1993     7,555,057          $46.92          616,492
              Granted               2,187,250          $65.93               --
              Exercised/earned     (1,559,085)         $45.17         (493,388)
              Cancelled               (87,086)         $58.04          (49,029)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding - December 31, 1994     8,096,136          $52.27           74,075
===============================================================================
</TABLE>

12   FOREIGN EXCHANGE
The Corporation conducts business in many different currencies and, accordingly,
has risk associated with foreign exchange rate movements. The financial position
and results of operations of substantially all of the Corporation's significant
foreign subsidiaries are measured using the local currency as the functional
currency. The aggregate effects of translating the financial statements of these
subsidiaries are deferred as a separate component of shareowners' equity. The
Corporation had foreign currency net asset exposures in more than forty
currencies, aggregating $2.2 billion and $2.1 billion at December 31, 1994 and
1993, respectively. The primary foreign currency net asset exposures, each five
percent or more of the Corporation's shareowners' equity, are set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>
Currency:
  Canadian dollar                                           $625          $590
  French franc                                               215           285
  Japanese yen                                               190           165
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  
  It has been the Corporation's policy to hedge a portion of the impact of
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates associated with these foreign
investments. During 1994 the Corporation substantially changed this policy and
generally will not hedge foreign net assets exposures. Certain hedge contracts
from the prior policy are still outstanding and may be held until their
scheduled maturity. At December 31, 1994 and 1993, the Corporation had $469
million and $667 million notional principal amount of outstanding currency swaps
and forward exchange contracts to hedge its foreign net asset exposures. These
foreign currency hedges mature ratably over the period 1995 - 2001.
  Foreign currency commitment and transaction exposures are managed at the
operating unit level as an integral part of the business. To the extent that
foreign currency exposures cannot be offset or managed to an insignificant
amount, then it is the Corporation's policy to hedge these residual foreign
currency commitment and transaction exposure. These hedges are executed by
authorized management at the operating units and are scheduled to mature
coincident with the timing of the underlying foreign currency commitments and
transactions. Certain of these hedges involve the exchange of two foreign
currencies according to local needs at foreign operations. Transactions that are
hedged include foreign currency denominated receivables and payables on the
balance sheet, firm purchase orders and firm sales commitments.
  At December 31, 1994, and 1993, the Corporation had the following amounts
related to forward foreign exchange contracts hedging foreign currency
transaction and firm commitment exposures:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                                      1994          1993
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>
Notional amount:
  Buy contracts                                           $1,909        $1,252
  Sell contracts                                             485           379
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gains and losses explicitly deferred as
  a result of hedging firm commitments:
    Gains deferred                                        $    6        $    7
    Losses deferred                                          (25)          (17)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          $  (19)       $  (10)
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  The deferred gains and losses are expected to be recognized in income over the
next two years as these transactions are realized.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>40

13   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Corporation operates internationally and, in the normal course of business,
is exposed to continuous fluctuations in interest rates and changes in currency
values. These fluctuations can increase the cost of financing, investing, and
operating the business. The Corporation manages this risk to acceptable limits
through the use of derivatives to create offsetting positions in foreign
currency and interest rate markets. The Corporation does not hold or issue
derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, and is not party to
leveraged derivatives.
  The notional amounts of derivative contracts are presented in the applicable
note to which the derivatives relate. The notional amounts do not represent the
amounts exchanged by the parties, and thus are not a measure of the exposure of
the Corporation through its use of derivatives. The amounts exchanged by the
parties are normally based on the notional amounts and other terms of the
derivatives, which relate to interest rates or exchange rates. The value of
derivatives is derived from those underlying parameters and changes in the
relevant rates or prices.
  By nature, all financial instruments involve risk, generally market risk
arising from changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, and credit
risk, the risk that a counterparty will default on an agreed-upon transaction.
The Corporation enters into derivative financial instruments with major
investment grade financial institutions. The credit exposure is represented by
the fair value of contracts with a positive value in the table below.
  The Corporation has policies to monitor its credit risks of counterparties to
derivative financial instruments. Pursuant to these policies the Corporation
periodically performs mark-to-market valuations of its derivative instruments.
Guidelines have been established to avoid the concentration of risk with any
single counterparty. Credit risk is assessed prior to entering into transactions
and periodically thereafter. The Corporation does not anticipate nonperformance
by any of these counterparties.
  The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of the
Corporation's financial instruments at December 31, 1994 and 1993. FASB
Statement No. 107, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments,
defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the
instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties,
other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Significant differences can arise
between the fair value and carrying amount of financial instruments at historic
cost.
  The carrying amount and fair value of financial instruments is as follows:

<TABLE>                                
<CAPTION>                               
                                        December 31, 1994    December 31, 1993
                                      -------------------  --------------------
                                       Carrying     Fair    Carrying      Fair
In Millions of Dollars                   Amount    Value      Amount     Value
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>      <C>         <C>       <C>
Financial assets:
  Long-term receivables                  $  154   $  136      $  179    $  162
  Customer financing assets                 263      256         548       548
Financial liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                     402      398         780       771
  Long-term debt                          1,584    1,569       1,739     1,920
Derivative Financial Instruments:
  Customer Financing Interest Rate
    Swaps (Note 4):
    In a receivable position                 --        3          --        --
    In a payable position                     1      (18)          1        15
  Debt Interest Rate Swaps (Note 9):
    In a receivable position                  3       (1)          6        59
    In a payable position                     7        7           7        22
  Forward Exchange Contracts (Note 12):
    In a receivable position                 36       49          11        23
    In a payable position                    37       39          31        30
  Currency Swaps (Note 12):
    In a receivable position                  1       (2)         13         4
    In a payable position                    80       77          36        39
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>41

  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
those financial instruments included in the following categories:

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: The carrying amount approximates fair value because
of the short maturity of those instruments.

INVESTMENTS, RECEIVABLES AND CUSTOMER FINANCING ASSETS: The fair values are
based on quoted market prices for those or similar instruments. When quoted
market prices are not available, an approximation of fair value is based upon
projected cash flows discounted at an estimated current market rate of interest.

DEBT: The fair value of the Corporation's debt is estimated based on the quoted
market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to
the Corporation for debt of the same remaining maturities.

INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY CONTRACTS: The fair value is
the estimated amount that the Corporation would receive or pay to terminate the
agreements at the reporting date.

FINANCING COMMITMENTS: The Corporation had outstanding financing commitments
totaling approximately $1.3 billion at December 31, 1994 and 1993. Risks
associated with changes in interest rates are negated by the fact that interest
rates are variable during the commitment term and are set at the date of funding
based on current market conditions, the fair value of the underlying collateral
and the credit worthiness of the customers. As a result, the fair value of these
financings is expected to equal the amounts funded. The fair value of the
Commitment itself is not readily determinable and is not considered significant.
Additional information pertaining to these commitments is included in Note 4.

14   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
LEASES
The Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries occupy space and use certain
equipment under lease arrangements. Rent expense in 1994, 1993 and 1992 under
such arrangements was $302 million, $344 million and $405 million, respectively.
Rental commitments at December 31, 1994 under long-term noncancelable operating
leases are as follows (See Note 4 for lease commitments associated with customer
financing arrangements):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars
---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>
1995                                                            $201
1996                                                             152
1997                                                             109
1998                                                              81
1999                                                              71
After 1999                                                       221
---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                $835
=====================================================================
</TABLE>

ENVIRONMENTAL
The Corporation's operations are subject to environmental regulation by federal,
state, and local authorities in the United States and regulatory authorities
with jurisdiction over its foreign operations.
  It is the Corporation's policy to accrue environmental investigatory and
remediation costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred by the
Corporation for known sites and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.
Where no amount within a range of estimates is more likely, the minimum is
accrued. Otherwise, the most likely cost to be incurred is accrued. The
measurement of the liability is based on an evaluation of currently available
facts with respect to each individual site and takes into account factors such
as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior
experience in remediation of contaminated sites.
  Where the Corporation is not the only party responsible for the remediation of
a site, the Corporation considers its likely proportionate share of the
anticipated remediation expense in establishing a provision for those costs.
Included within the sites known to the Corporation are those sites at which the
Corporation has been identified as a potentially responsible party under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"
or Superfund). Under the provisions of this statute, the Corporation may be held
liable for all costs of environmental remediation without regard to the legality
of the Corporation's actions resulting in the contamination. In estimating its
liability for remediation, the Corporation considers its likely proportionate
share of the anticipated remediation expense and the ability of the other
potentially responsible parties to fulfill their obligations.
  Some of the Corporation's liabilities, including certain Superfund
liabilities, relate to facilities that were acquired by the Corporation with
indemnities from the sellers or former owners. In estimating the potential
liability at these sites, the Corporation has considered the indemnification
separately from the liability.
  The Corporation has instituted legal proceedings against its insurers seeking
insurance coverage for liability to third parties for remediation costs, defense
costs, physical loss or damage to the Corporation's property, and related costs.
Settlements to date, which have not been material, have been recorded upon
receipt. It

<PAGE>
<PAGE>42

is expected that one or more of these cases will last several years.
Environmental liabilities are not reduced by potential insurance reimbursements.

U.S. GOVERNMENT
The Corporation is now and believes that, in light of the current government
contracting environment, it will be the subject of one or more government
investigations. If the Corporation or one of its business units were charged
with wrongdoing as a result of any of these investigations, the Corporation or
one of its business units could be suspended from bidding on or receiving awards
of new government contracts pending the completion of legal proceedings. If
convicted or found liable, the Corporation could be fined and debarred from new
government contracting for a period generally not to exceed three years. Any
contracts found to be tainted by fraud could be voided by the Government.
  The Corporation's contracts with the U.S. Government are also subject to
audits. Like many defense contractors, the Corporation has received audit
reports which recommend that certain contract prices should be reduced to comply
with various government regulations. Some of these audit reports involve
substantial amounts. The Corporation has made voluntary refunds in those cases
it believes appropriate.

OTHER
The Corporation extends performance and operating cost guarantees, which are
beyond its normal warranty and service policies, for extended periods on some of
its products, particularly  commercial aircraft engines. Liability under such
guarantees is contingent upon future product performance and durability. The
Corporation has accrued its estimated liability that may result under these
guarantees.
  The Corporation also has other commitments and contingent liabilities related
to legal proceedings and matters arising out of the normal course of business.
  The Corporation has accrued its liability for environmental investigation and
remediation, performance guarantees, and other litigation and claims based on
management's estimate of the probable outcome of these matters. While it is
possible that the outcome of these matters may differ from the recorded
liability, management believes that resolution of these matters will not have a
material adverse effect upon either results of operations, cash flows, or
financial position of the Corporation.

15   BUSINESS SEGMENT FINANCIAL DATA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries design, develop, manufacture and sell 
high-technology products, classified in five principal industry segments or
lines of business.
  Otis products include elevators and escalators, substantial service,
maintenance and spare parts sold to a diversified international customer base in
commercial real estate development.
  Carrier products include air conditioning equipment, substantial service,
maintenance and spare parts sold to a diversified international customer base in
commercial and residential real estate development.
  Automotive products include electrical wiring systems, electromechanical and
hydraulic devices, electric motors, car and truck interior trim components,
steering wheels, instrument panels and other products for the automotive
industry principally in North America and Europe.
  Pratt & Whitney products are principally aircraft engines and substantial
spare parts sold to a diversified customer base including international and
domestic commercial airlines and aircraft leasing companies, aircraft
manufacturers, regional and commuter airlines, and U.S. and non-U.S.
governments. Pratt & Whitney also produces modified aircraft engines which are
used for electrical power generation and other applications.
  The Flight Systems segment includes Sikorsky Aircraft and Hamilton Standard,
as well as Norden Systems through May 31, 1994. Sikorsky Aircraft products
include helicopters and spare parts sold primarily to U.S. and non-U.S.
governments. Hamilton Standard products include propellers, rocket motors, and
fuel and environmental control systems sold primarily to U.S. and non-U.S.
governments, aerospace and defense prime contractors, and airframe and jet
engine manufacturers. Hamilton Standard products also include fuel cells sold
primarily to commercial manufacturers. Norden Systems products include cockpit
and integrated display systems sold primarily to the U.S. government.
  Business segment information for the three years ended December 31, 1994
appears in the Consolidated Summary of Business Segment Financial Data on
pages 43 through 45.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>43

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED SUMMARY OF BUSINESS SEGMENT        UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
FINANCIAL DATA
Industry Segments
<CAPTION>                                         
                                                  Years Ended December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
REVENUES
Otis                                      $  4,644      $  4,418      $  4,512
Carrier                                      4,919         4,480         4,328
Automotive                                   2,683         2,378         2,370
Pratt & Whitney                              5,846         6,317         7,393
Flight Systems                               3,218         3,555         3,546
Corporate items and eliminations              (113)          (67)         (117)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated revenues                     $ 21,197      $ 21,081      $ 22,032
===============================================================================
OPERATING PROFITS (LOSSES)
Otis                                      $    421      $    377      $    313
Carrier                                        278           226           152
Automotive                                     182           148           118
Pratt & Whitney                                380           186          (262)
Flight Systems                                 282           355           249
Eliminations                                     1             1             1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profits                            1,544         1,293           571
Financing revenues and other income,
  less other deductions                        (17)           36            22
Interest expense                              (275)         (251)         (282)
General corporate expenses                    (176)         (169)         (111)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated income before income
  taxes and minority interests            $  1,076      $    909      $    200
===============================================================================
IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS
Otis                                      $  2,068      $  1,689      $  1,821
Carrier                                      2,776         2,639         2,616
Automotive                                   1,818         1,548         1,527
Pratt & Whitney                              4,221         4,437         4,697
Flight Systems                               1,720         1,844         1,956
General corporate assets and other           3,021         3,461         3,311
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated total assets                 $ 15,624      $ 15,618      $ 15,928
===============================================================================
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Otis                                      $    101      $    124      $    139
Carrier                                        134           176           175
Automotive                                     151           141           135
Pratt & Whitney                                226           256           284
Flight Systems                                 130           135           149
General corporate assets and other              17            14            38
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated capital expenditures         $    759      $    846      $    920
===============================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Summary of Business Segment 
  Financial Data
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>44

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED SUMMARY OF BUSINESS SEGMENT        UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
FINANCIAL DATA
Geographic Areas
<CAPTION>                                         
                                                  Years Ended December 31,
In Millions of Dollars                        1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
REVENUES
United States operations                   $13,384       $13,786       $14,323
International operations:
  Europe                                     4,119         3,988         4,543
  Asia Pacific                               2,415         2,094         1,715
  Other (primarily Canada and 
    Latin America)                           2,069         2,064         2,424
Corporate items and eliminations              (790)         (851)         (973)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated revenues                      $21,197       $21,081       $22,032
===============================================================================
OPERATING PROFITS (LOSSES)
United States operations                   $   746       $   619       $  (136)
International operations:
  Europe                                       399           348           443
  Asia Pacific                                 200           177           126
  Other (primarily Canada and 
    Latin America)                             204           156           146
Eliminations                                    (5)           (7)           (8)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating profits                            1,544         1,293           571
Financing revenues and other income,
  less other deductions                        (17)           36            22
Interest expense                              (275)         (251)         (282)
General corporate expenses                    (176)         (169)         (111)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated income before income taxes
  and minority interests                   $ 1,076       $   909       $   200
===============================================================================
IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS
United States operations                   $ 7,912       $ 7,849       $ 8,108
International operations:
  Europe                                     2,199         1,839         2,238
  Asia Pacific                               1,524         1,397         1,211
  Other (primarily Canada and 
    Latin America)                           1,022         1,123         1,100
General corporate assets and other           2,967         3,410         3,271
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated total assets                  $15,624       $15,618       $15,928
===============================================================================
<FN>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Summary of Business Segment 
  Financial Data
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>45

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED SUMMARY OF BUSINESS SEGMENT
FINANCIAL DATA

REVENUES: Revenues by industry segment and geographic area include intersegment
sales and transfers between geographic areas. Generally, such sales and
transfers are made at prices approximating those which the selling or
transferring entity is able to obtain on sales of similar products to
unaffiliated customers.
  Revenues include sales under prime contracts and subcontracts to the U.S.
Government, for the most part Pratt & Whitney and Flight Systems products, as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                       1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
Pratt & Whitney                            $1,830        $1,930        $2,399
Flight Systems                              1,948         2,042         2,122
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
  Revenues from United States operations include export sales as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                       1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>           <C>           <C>
Europe                                     $  737        $  932        $1,114
Asia Pacific                                1,772         1,677         1,696
Other (primarily Canada
  and Latin America)                          599           894           641
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           $3,108        $3,503        $3,451
===============================================================================
</TABLE>
  
  Export sales include direct sales to commercial customers outside the United
States and sales to the U.S. Government, commercial and affiliated customers
which are known to be for resale to customers outside the United States.

OPERATING PROFITS: The Corporation changed its presentation of general
corporate expenses in 1993 to reflect in each segment's results only those
expenses which directly benefit the segment. As required by generally accepted
accounting principles, 1992 operating profits have not been restated for the
1993 change in presentation.

IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS: Identifiable assets are those which are specifically
identified with the industry segments and geographic areas in which operations
are conducted. General corporate assets consist principally of short-term cash
investments, customer financing subsidiaries, future income tax benefits, and
investments in other companies.
  Depreciation and amortization charges are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions of Dollars                       1994          1993          1992
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>           <C>           <C>
Otis                                         $103          $ 97          $ 92
Carrier                                       136           132           132
Automotive                                    106            96            94
Pratt & Whitney                               323           320           344
Flight Systems                                140           141           146
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

ELIMINATIONS: Eliminations made in reconciling industry and geographic area data
with the related consolidated amounts include intersegment sales and transfers
between geographic areas, unrealized profits in inventory and similar items.
  The Summary of Business Segment Financial Data should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>46

<TABLE>
SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA                                                       UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Quarter Ended
                                                         --------------------------------------------------------------
In Millions of Dollars (except per share amounts)        March 31     June 30    September 30    December 31
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>             <C>            <C>
1994
Sales                                                      $4,745      $5,306          $5,135         $5,615
=======================================================================================================================
Gross profit                                                1,010       1,104           1,124          1,231
=======================================================================================================================
Net income as originally reported                             106         172             194            165
    Effect of restatement for accounting principle change     (39)         (7)             (6)            --
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                     67         165             188            165
=======================================================================================================================
Primary earnings per share as originally reported            0.73        1.25            1.43           1.26
    Effect of restatement for accounting principle change   (0.23)      (0.02)          (0.02)            --
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Primary earnings per share                                   0.50        1.23            1.41           1.26
=======================================================================================================================
Fully diluted earnings per share as originally reported      0.71        1.18            1.35           1.26
    Effect of restatement for accounting principle change   (0.21)       0.05            0.06             --
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fully diluted earnings per share                           $ 0.50      $ 1.23          $ 1.41         $  1.26
=======================================================================================================================

1993
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sales                                                      $4,725      $5,508          $5,056         $5,447
Gross profit                                                  976       1,188           1,142          1,193
Net income                                                     64         130             157            136
Earnings per share - primary                                  .43         .95            1.16            .98
                   - fully diluted                            .42         .89            1.08            .92
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
The effect of the restatement for the accounting principle change appears in Note 2 on page 32 of this Annual Report.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
COMPARATIVE STOCK DATA                                 1994                                      1993
----------------------------------------------------------------------------        -----------------------------------
Common Stock                               High        Low        Dividend           High        Low         Dividend
  <S>                                       <C>        <C>           <C>              <C>        <C>            <C>
  First Quarter                             72         58            $.45             49 7/8     43 3/4         $.45
  Second Quarter                            68 1/4     60 3/4         .45             55 7/8     46 1/4          .45
  Third Quarter                             67 3/4     59 3/4         .50             59 3/8     51 1/2          .45
  Fourth Quarter                            64 1/2     55             .50             66 1/8     56 1/2          .45
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
The Corporation's Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The high and low prices are based on the 
Composite Tape of the New York Stock Exchange. There were 28,000 common shareowners of record at December 31, 1994.
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
The schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the
Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1994 and the Consolidated Statement
of Operations for the year ended December 31, 1994 and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to such financial statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                             386
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                    4,081
<ALLOWANCES>                                     (336)
<INVENTORY>                                      2,955
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 8,228
<PP&E>                                          10,193
<DEPRECIATION>                                 (5,661)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  15,624
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            6,553
<BONDS>                                          1,885
<COMMON>                                         2,148
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                              339
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                       1,604
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    15,624
<SALES>                                         16,670
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                21,197
<CGS>                                           13,773
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   16,332
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                   978
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 275
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  1,076
<INCOME-TAX>                                       384
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                585
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                       585
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     4.40
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     4.40
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>


                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/  HOWARD H. BAKER, JR.

                              Howard H. Baker, Jr.
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, her true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ ANTONIA HANDLER CHAYES

                              Antonia Handler Chayes
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ ROBERT F. DANIELL

                              Robert F. Daniell
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ ROBERT F. DEE

                              Robert F. Dee
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.



          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.

                              /s/ CHARLES W. DUNCAN, JR.

                              Charles W. Duncan, Jr.
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ PEHR G. GYLLENHAMMAR

                              Pehr G. Gyllenhammar
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.

                              /s/ GERALD D. HINES
                              Gerald D. Hines
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney
                    

          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.

                              /s/ CHARLES R. LEE
                              Charles R. Lee
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ ROBERT H. MALOTT

                              Robert H. Malott
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, his true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/  H. A. WAGNER

                              H. A. Wagner
PAGE
<PAGE>
                    UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

                          Power of Attorney



          The undersigned, as a member of the Board of Directors, or

as an officer of UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a Delaware

corporation (the "Corporation"), or as a member of a committee of

said Board, or in all of said capacities, hereby constitutes and

appoints STEPHEN F. PAGE, IRVING B. YOSKOWITZ, WILLIAM H. TRACHSEL,

AND GEORGE E. MINNICH, or any one of them, her true and lawful

attorneys and agents to do any and all acts and things and execute

any and all instruments which the said attorneys and agents may deem

necessary or advisable to enable the Corporation to comply with the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules and regulations and

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect

thereof in connection with the filing of the Annual Report of the

Corporation on Form 10-K, including specifically, but without

limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to

sign the name of the undersigned, in the capacities aforesaid or in

any other capacity, to the Corporation's Form 10-K Annual Report

filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and

any and all amendments to the said Form 10-K Annual Report, and any

and all instruments and documents filed as a part of or in connection

with the said Form 10-K Annual Report or any amendments thereto;

hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorneys and

agents, or any one of them, have done, shall do or cause to be done

by virtue hereof.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has signed this Power

of Attorney this 6th day of February, 1995.



                              /s/ JACQUELINE G. WEXLER

                              Jacqueline G. Wexler
PAGE
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>



                                                                    Exhibit (21)





                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT



     The companies listed below are direct or indirect subsidiaries of the
Registrant.  Their names and jurisdictions of incorporation are as follows:

              United Technologies Automotive          Delaware
              Holdings, Inc.

              Carrier Corporation                     Delaware

              Otis Elevator Company                   New Jersey
              
              Otis Europe S.A.                        France

              Pratt & Whitney Canada Inc.             Canada

     Other subsidiaries of the Registrant have been omitted from this listing
since, considered in the aggregate or as a single subsidiary, they would not
constitute a significant subsidiary.



PAGE
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
