-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SUr2tDIaDpzo9KPjpDSMLpFdy5mmhC+NoOGLIWPkJxhDcap0FSIwPnk1y1h2S0iq
 SmOQoblHzFoT6vrZ9IxlmQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000101357-95-000006.txt : 19951023
<SEC-HEADER>0000101357-95-000006.hdr.sgml : 19951023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000101357-95-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19951020
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNITED MERCHANTS & MANUFACTURERS INC /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101357
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COSTUME JEWELRY & NOVELTIES [3960]
		IRS NUMBER:				131426280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03185
		FILM NUMBER:		95583029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1650 PALISADE AVE
		CITY:			TEANECK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07666
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2018371700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1650 PALISADE AVENUE
		CITY:			TEANECK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07666
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20549
                             -----------------
                                 FORM 10-K

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995           

                       Commission file number 1-3185

                 UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC.
          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                                        13-1426280    
(State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                        Identification No.)

    1650 Palisade Ave, Teaneck, N.J.                          07666   
(Address of principal executive offices)                   (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code          (201) 837-1700

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                 Name of each exchange    
        Title of each class                       on which registered     
Common Stock-Par Value $1 Per Share.......... New York Stock Exchange     
Preferred Stock...............................New York Stock Exchange     

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
               Title of each class
3 1/2% Senior Subordinated Debentures due 2009

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all 
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been 
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
                Yes [X]                              No [ ]

    The aggregate market value of Common Stock, Par Value $1 Per Share, 
held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing sale price on the New York 
Stock Exchange) on September 22, 1995 was approximately $3,125,000.

           APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY
                PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS
    Indicate by check mark whether registrant has filed all documents and 
reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a 
plan confirmed by a court.                              Yes [X]     No [ ]

    As of September 22, 1995, there were 17,845,000 shares of Common 
Stock, Par Value $1 Per Share, outstanding.

                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

    Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders to be held on November 16, 1995 are incorporated by reference 
into Part III.


<PAGE>


                                  PART I

Item 1. Business.

General

As a result of the closing of its apparel textile manufacturing operation 
in February 1995 and the sale of its retail outlet stores in January 1995, 
United Merchants and Manufacturers, Inc. ("UM&M" or the "Company") is 
currently engaged only in the design, manufacture and distribution of 
costume jewelry.  The Company's operations are located in the United 
States.

Recent Events

    Financing 

Effective July 31, 1995, the Company and its 79%-owned subsidiary, 
Victoria Creations, Inc. ("Victoria"), each renegotiated its borrowing 
arrangements with its current lender.  Under the terms of the amended 
agreements, the Company's borrowings under the revolving and term loans 
with the lender as of June 30, 1995 (see Note D of Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements) were converted to a term loan.  This term loan will 
be repayable from collections of certain accounts receivable and sales of 
inventory other than those of Victoria and a portion of the proceeds of 
sales of the Company's other assets, primarily real property.  The term 
loan matures July 31, 2000 and bears interest at the rate of 12% a year.  

The new arrangements for Victoria consist of a $5.0 million term loan due 
June 15, 2000 and a revolving loan, based on Victoria's eligible accounts 
receivable and inventories, having a term ending June 15, 1998.  The 
revolving loan will be renewed automatically for successive one year 
periods thereafter unless terminated by either party upon thirty days 
notice.  These loans bear interest at prime rate plus 3 1/2%, or currently 
12 1/4% a year.

On June 30, 1994, the Company reduced its indebtedness to its then senior 
secured lender to the target amount established in an agreement with that 
lender.  At that time, in accordance with the agreement, the lender 
accepted, in full satisfaction of the balance (approximately $63.4 
million) of the Company's indebtedness to the lender, a 5% subordinated 
contingent income note due June 30, 2019 in the principal amount of $30 
million.  The Company reduced its indebtedness to the targeted amount 
through the sale of two of the Company's operating divisions, sales of 
certain other assets, and a borrowing of approximately $29 million from 
the Company's current lender.  

The satisfaction of this indebtedness by the Company was accounted for as 
a "troubled debt restructuring" and resulted in an extraordinary, non-cash 
gain from retirement of debt of $33.4 million


                                     1

<PAGE>


    Dispositions and Terminations of Certain Operations

In January 1995, the Company sold its retail outlet store operations for 
cash and the assumption by the buyer of certain of the operation's 
liabilities.  The financial statements presented herein include the 
results of the retail outlet store operations through December 31, 1994.  
During the quarter ended December 31, 1994, the Company recognized a loss 
of $1.3 million for the sale and the loss from operations from December 
31, 1994 to date of sale. 

In December 1994, the Company announced that it would close its Buffalo 
Mill division, which was its Apparel Textiles segment.  The Company made a 
provision for losses of $9.1 million for the closing and ongoing costs of 
the division.  

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the Company sold substantially 
all of the assets (other than accounts receivable) and business, as a 
going concern, of the Uniblend operation of its apparel textiles segment 
and of its Clarkesville Mill division.  The sales resulted in gains of 
approximately $8.3 million.  Also, during the year, the Company determined 
that non-cash proceeds from the sale of two operations in fiscal 1993 were 
uncollectible and, therefore, recognized a loss on sale of those 
operations of $5.1 million. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, the Company sold certain 
assets of and discontinued a converting operation of its Home Furnishings 
segment. The discontinuance resulted in a loss, after adjustment during 
the six months ended June 30, 1993, of $3.8 million.  This loss was 
partially offset by sale of assets of a business previously discontinued 
for $1.1 million more than the Company's carrying value of these assets.  
Also during the 1993 fiscal year, the Company consummated the sale of the 
swimwear and the children's slip and sleepwear operations of its Apparel 
segment.  The Company recognized no gain or loss on the sale of these two 
operations.

The proceeds from the above transactions, along with the collection of the 
accounts receivable of the operations, were used to reduce the Company's 
indebtedness.

    Discontinuance of Medical Plan

Effective August 31, 1995, the Company discontinued the Company-sponsored 
medical plan for its employees and retirees other than Victoria's current 
employees.  The discontinuance will result in a non-cash gain of $10.2 
million and a reduction of $10.2 million in the Company's liability for 
postretirement benefits other than pension and will reduce the Company's 
ongoing cash expenses by more than $1 million a year.  





                                     2


<PAGE>


Description of Principal Activities

The following is a description of UM&M's business segment.

The Company's operations consist of it's 79% owned subsidiary, Victoria 
Creations, Inc. ("Victoria").  Victoria's Common Stock is publicly traded 
and is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board operated by National Association 
of Securities Dealers, Inc.  Victoria files quarterly and annual reports 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Victoria is one of the leading designers, manufacturers and distributors 
of costume jewelry throughout the United States and also exports such 
products, principally to Japan and Western Europe.  Victoria produces a 
broad range and assortment of costume jewelry, including relatively 
expensive, high quality items sold under the Bijoux Givenchy(R), 
Richelieu(R) and Karl Lagerfeld(R) trade names and private label jewelry 
for major department and chain stores.
 
Victoria markets its products using its own sales force throughout the 
United States, primarily to department and chain stores and, to a lesser 
extent, to mass merchandisers and mail-order distributors.  In addition, 
Victoria has established a factory direct business to design and 
manufacture unique and proprietary costume jewelry-type items for certain 
customers.

The costume jewelry industry is highly fragmented and includes many small 
firms.  The Company believes that Victoria is one of the largest 
manufacturers of costume jewelry in the United States.  Within the 
industry, there are manufacturers that focus on low-margin, basic items 
and those that emphasize higher-margin (and higher risk) items geared to 
be highly fashionable.  The Company believes that only a few companies, of 
which Victoria is one, combine manufacturing and marketing capabilities 
for both basic and high fashion items.

Victoria competes on the basis of design, quality, reliability as a 
supplier, service to the customer and price.  Its major competitors are 
Monet, Anne Klein division of Swank, Inc., Liz Claiborne, Inc. and Napier, 
Inc.  

The Company does not believe that the dollar amount of unfilled orders is 
significant to an understanding of its accessories business due to the 
generally short time between receipt of a customer order and shipment of 
the product.









                                     3

<PAGE>


Selected Financial Data

The table below summarizes recent financial information for the Company.  
This information was derived from consolidated financial statements which 
have been reported on by the Company's independent auditors.  

                                         (000 omitted)                    
                        ------------------------------------------------  
                                    Year Ended or at June 30              
                        ------------------------------------------------  
                          1995      1994      1993      1992      1991    
                        --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  
Net sales.............. $ 59,493  $ 64,934  $ 68,788  $ 61,448  $ 61,757  
Operating loss.........   (6,633)  (11,314)  (11,160)  (17,369)  (25,170) 
Loss from continuing                                                      
  operations...........  (18,330)  (22,737)  (22,466)  (27,390)  (36,105) 
Loss per common share from                                                
  continuing operations    (1.28)    (1.52)    (1.51)    (1.89)    (3.97) 
Total assets...........   58,428    83,254   126,420   140,721   152,411  
Liabilities subject to                                                    
  compromise...........                                          204,279  
Long-term debt and notes                                                  
  payable..............   81,071   80,559    133,564   117,500    69,374  

- ---------
During the five year period presented, the Company has sold, terminated 
and/or restructured a number of domestic and foreign apparel and textile 
operations.  See Note C of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for 
further information regarding such sales or terminations.  The information 
shown above has been restated to exclude the results of such operations; 
the Company's net investment in such businesses is included in total 
assets prior to such sale or termination.  

No cash dividends on the Company's Common or Preferred Stock have been 
paid during the five years ended June 30, 1995.  

The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the related 
Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto.














                                     4

<PAGE>


Environmental Considerations

The Company's manufacturing operations are subject to various Federal, 
state and local laws restricting the discharge of materials into the 
environment.  The Company is not involved in any pending or threatened 
proceedings which would require curtailment of its operations because of 
such regulations.  The Company continually expends funds to assure that 
its facilities are in compliance with applicable environmental 
regulations.  In fiscal 1995, the Company's capital expenditures for 
environmental control facilities were not significant, and no significant 
capital expenditures are expected in fiscal 1996.

Raw Materials

Raw materials used by the Company are currently available from several 
sources in sufficient quantities for the Company's requirements.

Employee Relations

The Company currently employs approximately 650 persons.  The Company 
considers its labor relations with its employees to be good.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following table sets forth the names, ages, present positions and 
business experience during the last five years of all Executive Officers 
of the Company.  Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the 
Board of Directors following the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and 
until their successors have been elected and have qualified.

     Name         Age(1)  Present Position      Business Experience       
     ----         ------  ----------------      -------------------       
Uzi Ruskin......... 50    Chairman, President,  Chairman, President,      
                           Chief Executive and   Chief Executive and      
                           Chief Operating       Chief Operating          
                           Officer               Officer of UM&M          

Sidney O. Margolis. 69    Executive Vice        Executive Vice President  
                           President and         of UM&M                  
                           Assistant Secretary                            

Judith A. Nadzick.. 47    Executive Vice        Executive Vice President, 
                           President, Chief      Chief Financial Officer, 
                           Financial Officer,    Treasurer and Assistant  
                           Treasurer and          Secretary of UM&M.      
                           Assistant Secretary                            

Norman R. Forson... 65    Senior Vice           Senior Vice President and 
                           President and         Corporate Comptroller   
                           Corporate              of UM&M                 
                           Comptroller                                    

                                     5

<PAGE>


                                                                          
Edward D. Taffet... 38    Senior Vice           Senior Vice President,    
                           President, General    General Counsel and      
                           Counsel and           Secretary of UM&M        
                           Secretary                                      

(1) As of June 30, 1995.


Item 2.  Properties.

At June 30, 1995, the Company operated 2 significant domestic 
manufacturing and distribution facilities, aggregating approximately 
75,000 square feet, which are owned by the Company and are located in the 
United States.  In management's opinion, current facilities provide 
adequate production capacity to meet the Company's planned business 
activities.  

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits.  It is not expected that 
these suits will result in judgements which in the aggregate would have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position; accordingly, 
no such lawsuit is described herein. 

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

None.
                                  PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder 
Matters.

The Company's Common Stock is currently listed on the New York Stock 
Exchange under the trading symbol (UMM).  The approximate number of record 
holders of the Company's Common Stock at August 31, 1995 was 8,000.  The 
following table sets forth the high and low sale price of the Company's 
Common Stock as reported for the last two years on the New York Stock 
Exchange Composite Tape.  
                                                          Sale Price      
                                                      ------------------  
Fiscal Year     Quarter Ended                           High      Low     
- -----------     -------------                         --------  --------  
   1995......   June 30, 1995                         $ 0.25    $ 0.03125 
                March 31, 1995                          0.34375   0.125   
                December 31, 1994                       0.40625   0.1875  
                September 30, 1994                      0.50      0.25    
   1994......   June 30, 1994                         $ 0.375   $ 0.15625 
                March 31, 1994                          0.375     0.1875  
                December 31, 1993                       0.46875   0.125   
                September 30, 1993                      0.3125    0.09375 


No cash dividends on the Company's Common Stock have been paid during the 
five years ended June 30, 1995 and the Company does not anticipate that 
any such dividends will be paid in the near future.  

                                     6

<PAGE>


Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.

The information required by this Item is found in Item 1.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
           Results of Operations.

The information required by this Item begins on F-3.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

See Index on F-1.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting 
            and Financial Disclosure.

None.


                                 PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

Information required under this Item with respect to the Directors is 
contained in the Registrant's 1995 Proxy Statement, pursuant to Regulation 
14A, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Information required under this Item with respect to the Executive 
Officers of the Registrant is included in Part I, Item I hereof.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

Information required under this Item is contained in the Registrant's 1995 
Proxy Statement, pursuant to regulation 14A, which is incorporated herein 
by reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
              Management.

Information required under this Item is contained in the Registrant's 1995 
Proxy Statement, pursuant to regulation 14A, which is incorporated herein 
by reference.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

Information required under this Item is contained in the Registrant's 1995 
Proxy Statement, pursuant to regulation 14A, which is incorporated herein 
by reference.




                                     7


<PAGE>


                                  PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

 Item 14(a) 1. and 2. Financial Statements and Schedules -  see "Index to 
Financial Statements, Schedules and management's Discussion and Analysis" 
on F-1.

 Item 14(a) 3. Exhibits. 

  (3) Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.

   (3) 1. Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  Incorporated by 
reference to Form 8-K filed by Registrant as of August 26, 1991.

   (3) 2. By-Laws as amended to date.  Incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 3 of Form 10-K filed by registrant for the year ended June 30, 
1985.  

  (4) Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including 
indentures.

   (4) 1. Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 18, 1982 between the 
Registrant and Monzoral Inc. (formerly Monzoral N.V.). Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10 to the Registrant's Form 8-K dated as of August 
18, 1982, Commission File No. 1-3185.  As amended by the Agreement filed 
with Form S-3, File No. 33-4154.

   (4) 2. Indenture dated July 1, 1990 between Registrant and First Trust 
National Association, trustee, including the form of 3 1/2% Senior 
Subordinated Secured Debentures due July 1, 2009.  Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4(1) of Registrant's Form 8-K filed July 17, 1990. 
Amendment of indenture incorporated by reference to Form T-3 filed July 
10, 1991.

  (10)  Material Contracts.  (See Index to Exhibits, E-1)

  (22)  Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  (See Index to Exhibits, E-1)

  (27)  Financial Data Schedule.  (See index to Exhibits, E-1)

  (99) 1. Secured Promissory Note and (99) 2. Loan and Security Agreement 
from Registrant to Foothill Capital Corporation dated as of June 28, 1994 
is incorporated herein by reference to Registrant's Report on Form 8-K 
filed July 14, 1994.  

  (99) 3. Amendment Number Three to the Loan and Security Agreement is 
filed herewith as an exhibit.

  (99) 4. Secured Promissory Note from Registrant to Foothill Capital 
Corporation dated as of July 31, 1995 is filed herewith as an exhibit.

 Item 14(b)  Reports on Form 8-K during last fiscal quarter.  None.

                                     8

<PAGE>


                                SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  September 28, 1995        UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC.
                                                (Registrant)              

                                  By /s/ Judith A. Nadzick                
                                         Judith A. Nadzick                
                                     Executive Vice President and         
                                      Chief Financial Officer             

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the following persons, which include the 
Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and a majority of 
the Board of Directors, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities 
and on the dates indicated:


/s/ Uzi Ruskin          Chairman, President, Chief      September 28, 1995
    Uzi Ruskin           Executive Officer, Chief                         
                         Operating Officer and Director


/s/ Judith A. Nadzick   Chief Financial Officer         September 28, 1995
    Judith A. Nadzick    and Director


/s/ Norman R. Forson     Chief Accounting Officer       September 28, 1995
    Norman R. Forson


                         Director                       September 28, 1995
    Victor Danko 


/s/ S. Arnold Hickox     Director                       September 28, 1995
    S. Arnold Hickox 

 
/s/ Sidney O. Margolis   Director                       September 28, 1995
    Sidney O. Margolis 


/s/ Robert D. Mathews    Director                       September 28, 1995
    Robert D. Mathews


/s/ Robert J. Swartz     Director                       September 28, 1995
    Robert J. Swartz 


                         Director                       September 28, 1995
    Hardof Wolf 

                                     9


<PAGE>


         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 FORM 10-K

                 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES
                 AND MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

                                                                      Page

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the
  Three Years Ended June 30, 1995...................................  F-2 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
  Condition and  Results of Operations..............................  F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30, 1995 and 1994.............  F-7 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the
  Three Years Ended June 30, 1995...................................  F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..........................  F-9 

Independent Auditors' Report........................................  F-25







  Schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable or the 
required information is included elsewhere in the consolidated financial 
statements and notes thereto.



















                                    F-1


<PAGE>


  PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION

  UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                                                    (000 omitted)
                                            ------------------------------
                                                  Year Ended June 30
                                            ------------------------------
                                               1995     1994 *    1993 *
                                            --------- --------- ---------
  Net sales.................................  $59,493   $64,934   $68,788

  Cost of goods sold........................  (34,814)  (36,988)  (38,278)
  Selling, general and administrative
   expenses.................................  (30,079)  (38,540)  (40,950)
  Amortization of goodwill..................     (720)     (720)     (720)
  Loss on termination of certain operations.     (513)
                                            --------- --------- ---------
                             Operating Loss   ($6,633) ($11,314) ($11,160)

  Interest expense - net....................  (11,007)  (12,107)  (12,166)
  Other income (expense)....................      (25)      369       167
  Loss on sale of operation.................     (835)
  Minority interest in net losses
   of subsidiary............................      270       415       795
  Provision for income taxes................     (100)     (100)     (102)
                                            --------- --------- ---------

            Loss From Continuing Operations  ($18,330) ($22,737) ($22,466)

  Discontinued operations (Notes A and C):
   Net earnings (loss) prior
    to sale or closing......................     (532)    1,712       (97)
   Gain (loss) on sale or closing...........   (9,080)    2,176    (2,672)

  Extraordinary item:
   Gain on retirement of debt (Note D)......             33,400

  Cumulative effect of change in accounting
   principle for post-retirement benefits
   other than pensions (Note K).............            (15,303)
                                            --------- --------- ---------
                                   Net Loss  ($27,942)    ($752) ($25,235)

  Dividends applicable to preferred
   stock (Note G)...........................    4,500     4,500     4,500
                                            --------- --------- ---------
       Net Loss Applicable to Common Shares  ($32,442)  ($5,252) ($29,735)
                                            ========= ========= =========

  Average common shares outstanding (Note I)   17,845    17,845    17,845

  Loss per common share:
   Continuing operations....................   ($1.28)   ($1.52)   ($1.51)
   Discontinued operations..................    (0.54)     0.22     (0.16)
   Extraordinary item.......................     0.00      1.87      0.00
   Change in accounting principle...........     0.00     (0.86)     0.00
                                            --------- --------- ---------
                  Net Loss per Common Share    ($1.82)   ($0.29)   ($1.67)
                                            ========= ========= =========

  * - The amounts for 1994 and 1993 have been restated to report
       separately the results of continuing and discontinued operations.

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                     F-2





















         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
               FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    (Not Covered by Report of Independent Certified Public Accountants)

                           Results of Operations

During the three years ended June 30, 1995, the Company sold or closed 
several operations as discussed in Note C of Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements.  Accordingly the statements of operations for the 
1994 and 1993 fiscal years have been restated to report separately the 
results of continuing and discontinued operations.

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1995, consolidated net sales decreased 
by $5,441,000 to $59,493,000 from $64,934,000 in fiscal 1994 resulting 
from the Company's sale of its retail outlet store operation in January 
1995.  This operation had net sales prior to the Company's plan to dispose 
of it of $9,820,000 in fiscal 1995 as compared to net sales of $23,344,000 
in fiscal 1994.  The Company's remaining operation, its costume jewelry 
operation, reported a 17% increase in net sales to $49,863,000 in fiscal 
1995 as compared to $42,569,000 in fiscal 1994, reflecting increased sales 
of both the operation's branded label merchandise and private label 
business, as well as sales increases in both the domestic and 
international markets. These increases were primarily the result of strong 
product performance at retail, improvement in service levels, 
technological advances and development of new customers.  Increased unit 
sales in the current year were offset to some extent by slightly lower 
average unit selling prices reflecting a higher percentage of sales of 
private label merchandise which is sold at lower prices than branded 
merchandise.

Net sales decreased in fiscal 1994 by $3,854,000 to $64,934,000 from 
$68,788,000 in fiscal 1993.  Decreased sales of the segment's retail 
outlet store operation as the result of continued depressed consumer 
spending and a net decrease of seven stores in fiscal 1994 more than 
offset the somewhat increased sales of the costume jewelry operation.  
That operation achieved fourth quarter sales in fiscal 1994 which were 
approximately the same as in the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, even 
though the 1993 year's quarter included shipments for an initial launch of 
a new (for the operation) label for the operation's largest customer.  The 
increase in net sales of the costume jewelry operation for fiscal 1994 
reflects strong consumer interest in the operation's domestic branded 
label merchandise and increased sales of the operation's private label and 
factory direct design and manufacturing businesses.

Operating losses decreased by $4,681,000 in fiscal 1995 to $6,633,000 from 
$11,314,000 in fiscal 1994 as the result of increased operating profits of 
the costume jewelry operation, significantly reduced corporate overhead 
expenses and, to some extent, the sale of the retail outlet store 
operation, which reported an operating loss of $1,216,000 in fiscal 1995 

                                    F-3


<PAGE>


prior to the Company's having a plan to dispose of it, as compared to an 
operating loss of $2,698,000 in fiscal 1994.  Operating results for fiscal 
1995 include a loss of $513,000 representing losses of the retail outlet 
stores from the time there was a plan to dispose of them until the actual 
sale.  The costume jewelry operation reported an operating profit of 
$2,009,000 in the current fiscal year as compared to an operating loss of 
$537,000 in fiscal 1994.  The improved operating results in the current 
fiscal year were attributable to the increased sales volume referred to 
above, as gross profit margins were approximately the same as in fiscal 
1994.  The Company's significantly reduced corporate expenses in fiscal 
1995 reflect reductions in staff and facility expenses as the result of 
sales or terminations of operations being serviced.

The Company reported operating losses of $11,314,000 in fiscal 1994 which 
were approximately the same as fiscal 1993, as losses of the Company's 
retail outlet store operation more than offset improved results of the 
costume jewelry operation and decreased corporate expenses.  The operating 
loss reported by the retail outlet store operation reflected the decreased 
sales referred to above, as well as reduced gross profit margins resulting 
from markdown sales.  Selling general and administrative expenses as a 
percentage of net sales for that operation increased in fiscal 1994 as 
compared to fiscal 1993 as the result of certain fixed expenses associated 
with that operation, higher costs of operating certain new stores opened 
during the year as compared to those stores which were closed, and 
termination costs associated with store closures.  The improved results 
reported by the costume jewelry operation in fiscal 1994 as compared to 
fiscal 1993 resulted from improved gross profit margins reflecting the 
operation's continued emphasis on manufacturing and purchasing 
efficiencies and lower sales of out-of-season merchandise, which is sold 
at lower than normal margins, reflecting improved forecasting.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased in the current 
fiscal year by $8,461,000 to $30,079,000 from $38,540,000 in fiscal 1994, 
reflecting the sale of the retail store operation and reductions in 
corporate staff and facilities expenses resulting from the sale or 
termination of operations being serviced.  Selling, general and 
administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased by nine 
percentage points reflecting cutbacks in corporate staff and strict 
budgetary and spending restraints in the costume jewelry operation.  
Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 1994 had decreased 
by $2,410,000 from $40,950,000 in fiscal 1993, primarily reflecting 
decreased sales.

Interest expense decreased in fiscal 1995 by $1,100,000 to $11,007,000 
from $12,107,000 in fiscal 1994.  The positive impact of significantly 
reduced average borrowings during the current year were offset, to a large 
extent, by a higher borrowing rate.  Interest expense in fiscal 1994 was 
approximately the same as in fiscal 1993, as average revolving loans 
payable to a factor and interest rates did not change significantly from 
year to year.

Operating results for fiscal 1995 include a loss on the sale of the retail 
outlet sore operations of $835,000.  See Note C of Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for a discussion of this sale.

                                    F-4


<PAGE>


Refer to Note E of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for 
information regarding the provision for income taxes for fiscal 1995, 1994 
and 1993.

Refer to Note C of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
discussion of significant operations sold or closed during the three years 
ended June 30, 1995 which are shown as discontinued operations in all 
years presented.  Net earnings (losses) of these operations prior to sale 
or closing amounted to ($532,000), $1,712,000 and ($97,000) in fiscal 
1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The Company realized gains (losses) of 
($9,080,000), $2,176,000 and ($2,672,000) in fiscal 1995, 1994 and 1993, 
respectively, on the sale or closing of these operations 

Net results for fiscal 1994 include a non-recurring, non-cash charge of 
$15,303,000 representing the cumulative effect of a change in accounting 
principle for postretirement benefits other than pensions.  See Note K of 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of this 
change.  Net results for fiscal 1994 also include an extraordinary gain of 
$33,400,000 on the retirement of debt as discussed more fully in Note D of 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                      Liquidity and Capital Resources

During fiscal 1995, the Company depended on proceeds from the sale or 
shutdown of divisions to finance its operations and to reduce its 
indebtedness.  The amounts which the Company borrows under its revolving 
loan agreements fluctuate based on the Company's cash availability and 
requirements.

As discussed in Note D of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the 
Company significantly reduced its senior debt as of June 30, 1994 and 
refinanced the remainder with another lender under secured promissory 
notes and revolving loan and security agreements classified as long-term 
debt.  Effective July 31, 1995, the Company and its 79%-owned subsidiary, 
Victoria Creations, Inc., each renegotiated its borrowing arrangements 
with that lender.  See Note R of Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements for details of the refinancings, including increased borrowings 
and reduced interest rates.  Currently, short-term needs for working 
capital are borrowed under the renegotiated revolving loan facility or the 
proceeds from the sale of assets.

The Company does not anticipate substantial increased needs for long-term 
borrowings.

While the refinancing of its senior debt in June 1994 was a substantial, 
positive development for the Company, as discussed in Note A of Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements and in the Report of KPMG Peat Marwick 
LLP, Independent Auditors, dated October 11, 1995, the recurring losses 
from operations, the stockholders' equity (deficit) and the significant 
debt raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a 
going concern.  The Company's ability to continue as a going concern 
depends on its ability to improve the profitability of its existing 
operation and the possible development of other business activities. 

                                    F-5

<PAGE>


With regard to the development of other business activities, the Company 
has taken certain steps toward establishing, through a subsidiary, a 
reinsurance business. Subject to completion of certain financing and 
administrative agreements, this subsidiary will seek to to acquire certain 
types of existing life insurance policies and other long-term annuity 
contracts from mainly life insurance companies.  Over a period of time, 
the Company is hopeful that it will generate profits and positive cash 
flow as it services these policies.  There can be no assurances that the 
Company will succeed in improving the profitability of its existing 
operation or establishing a profitable business in the insurance field.

The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its 10% 
Cumulative Preferred Stock in order to retain its available cash for use 
in its operations.






































                                    F-6


<PAGE>


  UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                                                         (000 omitted)
                                                      -------------------
                                                            June 30
                                                      -------------------
                                                         1995     1994 *
                         ASSETS                       --------- ---------
  Current Assets:
   Cash...............................................     $965      $662
   Receivables (Note L)...............................    7,419     9,757
   Inventories (Note L)...............................   16,430    21,380
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets..........    1,113     1,456
   Net assets of discontinued operations (Note A).....      689    14,193
                                                      --------- ---------
                                 Total Current Assets   $26,616   $47,448

  Property, Plant and Equipment (Note L)..............  $12,565   $14,799
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization.....    7,924     8,888
                                                      --------- ---------
                    Net Property, Plant and Equipment    $4,641    $5,911

  Goodwill (Note A)...................................   20,662    21,383
  Other Assets and Deferred Charges (Note L)..........    6,509     8,512
                                                      --------- ---------
                                                        $58,428   $83,254
                                                      ========= =========
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
  Current Liabilities:
   Trade payables.....................................   $6,418    $4,870
   Accrued expenses and sundry liabilities (Note L)...   12,468     9,270
                                                      --------- ---------
                            Total Current Liabilities   $18,886   $14,140

  Long-Term Debt, net of current maturities (Note D)..   81,071    80,559

  Other Long-Term Liabilities (Note L)................   17,881    20,800

  Minority Interest...................................    1,624     1,894

  Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) (Note G):
   Preferred stock, par value $1 per share; 10,000,000
    shares authorized; 450,000 shares outstanding.....     $450      $450
   Common stock, par value $1 per share: 40,000,000
    shares authorized; 17,845,000 shares outstanding
    (excluding 22,800 shares held in treasury)........   17,845    17,845
   Capital in excess of par value.....................   64,674    64,674
   Retained earnings (deficit)........................ (136,416) (108,474)
   Unrealized pension liability adjustment............   (3,587)   (4,634)
   Notes receivable arising from stock purchase
    agreement.........................................   (4,000)   (4,000)
                                                      --------- ---------
                 Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)  ($61,034) ($34,139)
                                                      --------- ---------
                                                        $58,428   $83,254
                                                      ========= =========

  * - The amounts for 1994 have been restated to report separately
       the assets and liabilities and net assets of continuing and
       discontinued operations.

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      F-7










  20-Oct-95


  UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                    (000 omitted)
                                             -----------------------------
                                                  Year ended June 30
                                             -----------------------------
                                                1995     1994 *   1993 *
                                             --------- --------- ---------
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
   Net loss.................................. ($27,942)    ($752)($25,235)
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
    cash used for operating activities:
     Extraordinary item - gain on
      retirement of debt.............                    (33,400)
     Change in accounting principle for post-
      retirement benefits other than pension.             15,303
     Depreciation and amortization...........    1,468     1,723    1,791
     Minority interest.......................     (270)     (415)    (336)
     Amortization of bond discount...........    1,044       790      682
     (Gain) loss on sale of divisions........      835    (2,176)
     Loss from shutdown of operation.........    9,080
     Cash portion of loss from shutdown
      of operation...........................   (2,704)
   Decrease (increase) in assets:
    Receivables..............................    2,338      (644)  (4,999)
    Inventories..............................    3,924     1,033      292
    Prepaid expenses and other current items.      343      (284)     164
    Other assets.............................    1,884     3,588   (1,248)
   Increase (decrease) in liabilities:
    Trade payables ..........................    1,991    (1,597)  (2,939)
    Accrued expenses and sundry liabilities..    3,265       273     (381)
    Other long-term liabilities..............   (7,244)      714   (2,496)
   Other - net...............................    1,047    (3,687)     984
                                             --------- --------- ---------
      Net Cash Used for Operating Activities  ($10,941) ($19,531)($33,721)

  Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
   Additions to property, plant and equipment    ($354)    ($328)   ($547)
   Dispositions of equipment.................      165        80      118
   Net change in assets of discontinued
    operations prior to sale or closing......    1,415    11,138    8,666
   Sales of divisions:
    Proceeds from sale or shutdown
     of divisions............................   10,550    29,981   13,702
    Non-cash proceeds - receivables..........        0      (363)  (5,050)
                                             --------- --------- ---------
   Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities   $11,776   $40,508  $16,889

  Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
   Increase (decrease) in notes payable......       $0  ($47,504) $16,934
   Increase in long-term debt................        0    28,316
   Decrease in long-term debt................     (532)   (2,135)  (1,552)
   Proceeds from sale of stock by subsidiary.        0         0       38
                                             --------- --------- ---------
            Net Cash Provided by (Used for)
                        Financing Activities     ($532) ($21,323) $15,420
                                             --------- --------- ---------
                 Increase (Decrease) in Cash      $303     ($346) ($1,412)
  Cash at beginning of period................      662     1,008    2,420
                                             --------- --------- ---------
                       Cash at end of period      $965      $662   $1,008
                                             ========= ========= =========

  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
   Interest..................................   $9,963   $11,317  $11,484
   Income Taxes..............................      100       100      102

  * - The amounts for 1994 and 1993 have been restated to report
       separately the results of continuing and discontinued operations.

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                     F-8














         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Liquidity

Effective August 26, 1991, the Company reorganized under Chapter 11 of the 
United States Bankruptcy Code.  See Note B below.

Basis of Presentation - The consolidated financial statements include the 
accounts of United Merchants and Manufacturers, Inc. ("UM&M" or the 
"Company") and its subsidiaries.  During the periods presented in these 
financial statements, the Company sold or closed several significant 
operations (see Note C below).  Accordingly, the financial statements have 
been restated to report separately the assets and results of continuing 
and discontinued operations.

Liquidity - During each of the three years ended June 30, 1995, the 
Company has incurred significant losses from operations and, as of June 
30, 1995, has a stockholders' equity deficit.  As discussed in Note D 
below, the Company refinanced its senior debt as of June 30, 1994 and 
thereby reduced the total indebtedness of the Company.  While this was a 
substantial, positive development for the Company, there still exists 
doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The 
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the 
Company will continue as a going concern and do not include any 
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Goodwill - Goodwill arose as the result of the purchase price paid to 
acquire the Company's 79%-owned subsidiary, Victoria Creations, Inc., in 
excess of the fair value of its net assets at the date of acquisition.  
Goodwill is being amortized by the straight-line method over 40 years.  In 
evaluating the recoverability of goodwill, management gives consideration 
to a number of factors, including brand recognition, market share, 
operating systems and the creative and technical skills of the Company as 
a whole.  Accumulated amortization of goodwill amounted to $7,305,000 and 
$6,585,000 at June 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively.   

Inventories - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, 
first-out method) or market values.

Property, Plant and Equipment - Property, plant and equipment are carried 
at cost.  Depreciation and amortization are computed using the 
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, 
generally 15 years for buildings and 3 to 20 years for machinery, 
equipment and other.

NOTE B - Reorganization Under Chapter 11

On November 2, 1990, the Company and two of its subsidiaries ("Debtors") 
filed petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code.  On May 9, 1991, the Debtors filed a Reorganization Plan (the 
"Plan") and related Disclosure Statement with the U. S. Bankruptcy Court 
in Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court").  The Plan became effective 
August 26, 1991 (the "Effective Date").  The Plan provided for the 
issuance of 450,000 shares of new Preferred Stock and 8,744,000 additional 
shares of Common Stock (increasing the total number of shares of Common 
Stock to 17,845,000) of the Company.  The reorganization resulted in an 
extraordinary gain of $159.3 million from retirement of liabilities in 
excess of value issued, which gain was recognized in fiscal 1992.  
                                    F-9

<PAGE>


NOTE C - Dispositions of Certain Operations

Sale of Retail Outlet Store Operations:

In January 1995, the Company sold its retail outlet store operations for 
cash and the assumption by the buyer of certain of the operation's 
liabilities.  The financial statements presented herein include the 
results of the retail outlet store operations through December 31, 1994.  
During the quarter ended December 31, 1994, the Company recognized a loss 
of $1.3 million for the sale and the loss from operations from December 
31, 1994 to date of sale.  Net sales for the years ended June 30, 1995, 
1994 and 1993 include net sales of $9.8 million, $23.3 million and $26.5 
million, respectively, and operating loss includes losses of $1.7 million, 
$2.7 million and $0.8 million, respectively, from these operations. 

Discontinued Operations:

In December 1994, the Company announced that it would close its Buffalo 
Mill division, which was its Apparel Textiles segment.  The Company made a 
provision for losses of $9.1 million for the closing and ongoing costs of 
the division.  

During the quarter ended June 30, 1994, the Company sold substantially all 
of the assets (other than accounts receivable) and business, as a going 
concern, of its Clarkesville Mill operations.  The sale resulted in a gain 
of approximately $3.2 million.  Also, during the quarter, the Company 
determined that non-cash proceeds from the sale of two operations in 
fiscal 1993 were uncollectible and, therefore, recognized a loss on sale 
of those operations of $5.1 million. 

During the quarter ended March 31, 1994, the Company sold substantially 
all of the assets (other than accounts receivable) and business, as a 
going concern, of the Uniblend operation.  The sale resulted in a gain of 
approximately $5.1 million. 

During the quarter ended December 31, 1992, the Company sold certain 
assets of and discontinued a converting operation of its Home Furnishings 
segment. The discontinuance resulted in a loss, after adjustment during 
the six months ended June 30, 1993, of $3.8 million.  This loss was 
partially offset by sale of assets of a business previously discontinued 
for $1.1 million more than the Company's carrying value of these assets.  
Also during the quarter ended December 31, 1992, the Company consummated 
the sale of the swimwear and the children's slip and sleepwear operations 
of its Apparel segment.  The Company recognized no gain or loss on the 
sale of these two operations.

The proceeds from the above transactions, along with the collection of the 
accounts receivable of the operations, were used to reduce the Company's 
indebtedness.



                                   F-10

<PAGE>


The financial statements and notes thereto presented herein have been 
restated to reflect the above mentioned discontinued operations as such.  
Net sales and operating losses for the years ended June 30, 1995, 1994, 
and 1993 of the discontinued operations prior to disposition were sales of 
$17.0 million, $87.4 million and $124.9  million and operating income 
(losses) of ($3.8) million, $0.7 million and ($0.1) million, respectively.

All gain (loss) amounts set forth above are before any related income tax 
provision.  The Company used available operating losses and net operating 
loss carryforwards to eliminate the liability for such income taxes. 

NOTE D - Notes Payable/Long-Term Debt 

On June 30, 1994, the Company reduced its indebtedness to its senior 
secured lender to the target amount established in an agreement with that 
lender.  At that time, in accordance with the agreement, the lender 
accepted, in full satisfaction of the balance (approximately $63.4 
million) of the Company's indebtedness to the lender, a 5% subordinated 
contingent income note due June 30, 2019 in the principal amount of $30 
million.

The satisfaction of this indebtedness by the Company was accounted for as 
a "troubled debt restructuring" and resulted in an extraordinary, non-cash 
gain from retirement of debt of $33.4 million.

The Company reduced its indebtedness to the targeted amount through the 
sale of two of the Company's operating divisions, sales of certain other 
assets and a borrowing of approximately $29 million from another lender.  
The borrowings from the other lender consist of $12 million under secured 
promissory notes and the balance under revolving loan and security 
agreements which are classified as long-term debt (see below).  

Prior to  June 30, 1994, notes payable amounts were borrowed from the 
Company's factor.  These amounts were secured by substantially all of the 
Company's assets and interest was charged at 2% a year over a bank's 
reference rate.  

Selected information with regard to the long-term debt to the Company's 
lender for the year ended June 30, 1995 and with regard to the notes 
payable to factor during the years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993 is as 
follows:
                                                   (000 omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                 Year Ended June 30       
                                            ----------------------------  
                                              1995      1994      1993    
                                            --------  --------  --------  
Maximum amount outstanding (at any                                        
 month end)...............................  $ 36,314  $115,669  $110,904  
Average amount outstanding during period..    31,865   107,223   103,243  
Interest paid.............................     7,675     8,783     8,806  
Weighted average interest rate during                                     
 period (Interest paid divided by                                         
 average amount outstanding)..............      24.0%     8.19%     8.53% 

                                   F-11

<PAGE>


Long-term debt consists of the following:
                                                        (000 omitted)     
                                                      ------------------  
                                                           June 30        
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995      1994    
                                                      --------  --------  
  Secured promissory notes..........................  $ 12,000  $ 12,000  
  Revolving loans...................................    15,784    16,316  
  3 1/2% Senior Subordinated Debentures due 2009                          
   (net of unamortized discount of $46,908,000                            
   and $47,827,000 at June 30, 1995 and 1994,                             
   respectively)....................................    22,234    21,315  
  5% Subordinated Notes due 2019:                                         
   Issued to former senior lender (see above)           30,000    30,000  
   Issued in settlement of lawsuit (net of unamortized                    
    discount of $20,947,000 and $21,072,000 at                            
    June 30, 1995 and 1994, respectively)...........     1,053       928  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                               Total  $ 81,071  $ 80,559  
                                                      ========  ========  

The secured promissory notes and the revolving loans are secured by 
substantially all of the Company's assets, are due June 30, 1996, may be 
prepaid without premium or penalty and bear interest at the rate of 2% a 
month.  See Note R - Subsequent Events regarding refinancing of this 
long-term debt.

The 3 1/2% Debentures are subordinate to "Senior Indebtedness", as defined 
in the trust agreement, which at June 30, 1995 includes primarily the 
secured promissory notes and the revolving loans.  The 3 1/2% Debentures 
are secured, secondarily to Senior Indebtedness, by substantially all of 
the Company's assets, other than accounts receivable.

Interest on the 5% Subordinated Notes due 2019 is contingent and 
non-cumulative.  Interest will accrue and be payable only to the extent 
net earnings of the Company (as defined in the notes) exceed $7.5 million 
in a fiscal year.  No payments on principal are required before maturity 
date, June 30, 2019, unless net earnings (as defined in the notes) exceed 
$7.5 million plus the interest payment on these notes in a fiscal year.  
In such case, one-half of such excess will be paid to reduce the 
outstanding principal of the notes.










                                   F-12

<PAGE>


NOTE E - Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes for each of the three years ended June 30, 
1995 consists of state and local taxes.  As a result of losses for the 
three years ended June 30, 1995, no provision for Federal income taxes was 
made.  

A reconciliation of the United States statutory Federal corporate income 
tax rate to the effective rate of the provision for income taxes is as 
follows:

                                                   (000 omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                 Year Ended June 30       
                                            ----------------------------  
                                              1995      1994      1993    
                                            --------  --------  --------  
Statutory rate (benefit)..................    (34.0)%   (34.0)%   (34.0)% 
Decrease in benefit from effect of:                                       
  State and local income taxes............      0.2       6.2       0.3   
  Amortization of Goodwill................      0.9      22.9       0.9   
  Domestic losses not resulting in                                        
   tax benefit............................     33.3      14.3      33.2   
                                            --------  --------  --------  
Effective rate............................      0.4 %     9.4 %     0.4 % 
                                            ========  ========  ========  

At June 30, 1995, the Company and its subsidiaries had unused Federal net 
operating loss carryforwards of approximately $303 million, of which $22 
million expires in 1997; $13 million in 1998; $35 million in 2000; $14 
million in 2002; $11 million in 2003; $64 million in 2005; $42 million in 
2006; $37 million in 2007; $31 million in 2008; $1 million in 2009 and $33 
million in 2010.  In addition, the Company has available investment tax 
credit carryforwards of approximately $2 million, expiring in various 
amounts each year from 1996 through 2000.

The Company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards depends 
upon many complex, technical aspects of Federal and state tax law.














                                   F-13

<PAGE>


NOTE F - Commitments and Contingencies

Rental expense for real property, machinery and equipment was as follows:  

                                                   (000 omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                 Year Ended June 30       
                                            ----------------------------  
                                              1995      1994      1993    
                                            --------  --------  --------  
   Total rentals paid.....................  $  3,190  $  5,593  $  5,014  
   Less sublease rentals received.........     1,203     2,291     1,579  
                                            --------  --------  --------  
   Net rental expense.....................  $  1,987  $  3,302  $  3,435  
                                            ========  ========  ========  

At June 30, 1995, approximate minimum rental commitments under 
non-cancellable operating leases, primarily for real property, machinery 
and equipment are as follows:

                                                    (000 omitted)         
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                                 Net      
 Year ending                               Minimum   Sublease  Commit-   
   June 30                                  Payments  Rentals    Ments    
  --------                                  --------  --------  --------  
    1996..............................      $    838  $    167  $    671  
    1997..............................           793       169       624  
    1998..............................           742       182       560  
    1999..............................           766       182       584  
    2000..............................           680        76       604  
    Thereafter........................         9,375         0     9,375  
                                            --------  --------  --------  
                                            $ 13,194  $    776  $ 12,418  
                                            ========  ========  ========  

The leases provide for minimum annual rentals, plus, in certain instances, 
payment for real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance, etc.

At June 30, 1995 the Company had approximately $1.1 million of letters of 
credit outstanding.










                                   F-14

<PAGE>


NOTE G - Stockholders' Equity

A summary of the changes in the components of stockholders' equity is as 
follows:
                                                   (000 omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                               Year Ended June 30         
                                         -------------------------------  
                                           1995       1994       1993     
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  
Preferred Stock:                                                          
 Beginning and ending balance..........  $     450  $     450  $     450  
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Common Stock:                                                             
 Beginning and ending balance *........  $  17,845  $  17,845  $  17,845  
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Capital in Excess of Par Value:                                           
 Beginning and ending balance..........  $  64,674  $  64,674  $  64,674  
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Retained Earnings (Deficit):                                              
 Beginning balance.....................  $(108,474) $(107,722) $( 82,487) 
 Net (loss).............................   (27,942)      (752)   (25,235) 
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  
                         Ending balance  $(136,416) $(108,474) $(107,722) 
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Unrealized Pension Plan Adjustments:                                      
 Beginning balance.....................  $  (4,634) $    (947) $  (1,968) 
 Unrealized pension liability adjustment     1,047     (3,687)     1,021  
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  
                         Ending balance  $  (3,587) $  (4,634) $    (947) 
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Notes Receivable - Stock Purchase Agreement:                              
 Beginning and ending balance..........  $  (4,000) $  (4,000) $  (4,000) 
                                         =========  =========  =========  
Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):                                     
 Beginning balance.....................  $ (34,139) $ (29,700) $  (5,486) 
 Unrealized pension liability adjustment     1,047     (3,687)     1,021  
 Net (loss).............................   (27,942)      (752)   (25,235) 
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  
                         Ending balance  $ (61,034) $ (34,139) $ (29,700) 
                                         =========  =========  =========  
* - Excludes treasury stock










                                   F-15


<PAGE>


As part of the Reorganization Plan (see Note B above), on August 26, 1991, 
the effective date of the Plan, the authorized number of shares of 
Preferred Stock increased to 10 million and of Common Stock to 40 million.

The preferred stock issued under the Reorganization Plan is designated 
10% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series 1.  There are 450,000 shares of 
this series authorized.  Holders of the stock are entitled to receive 
dividends at the annual rate of $10 a share. The first dividend payment 
date under the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation was 
scheduled to be July 15, 1992, the second July 15, 1993 and thereafter, 
semi-annually; the Company has not declared or paid these dividends. There 
are no mandatory redemption provisions for this stock. The preferred stock 
has no general voting rights; however, since scheduled dividends continue 
unpaid after six months past the scheduled date, the number of directors 
constituting the board of directors of the Company could be increased by 
two and the holders of the preferred stock could elect the two additional 
directors. No such change has been made as of June 30, 1995.  For 
financial statement purposes, preferred dividends which accrued during the 
period are deducted from the results of operations in determining loss 
applicable to common shares whether or not such dividends are paid or 
declared. Liquidation value of this series of preferred stock during the 
first year after issuance was $35.26 a share and will increase over a 10 
year period to $100 a share.

Pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement dated August 18, 
1982, as amended, between the Company and a corporation wholly-owned by 
the President of the Company, the Company agreed to sell 1,000,000 shares 
of its Common Stock in four annual installments of 250,000 shares each at 
a purchase price of $5.00 per share, the closing price of Common Stock of 
the Company on the New York Stock Exchange on August 17, 1982.  The final 
installment was purchased on March 10, 1986. The aggregate purchase price 
of $5,000,000 was paid $1,000,000 in cash and $4,000,000 in notes due, as 
amended, fifteen years after issuance.  The notes bear interest, on 
principal only, at a rate equal to 70% of the average investment yield for 
the most recent auction of United States Treasury obligations with 
maturities of 52 weeks computed as of the first day of each month. The 
interest is payable at the time principal is paid.  The notes are secured 
by the shares purchased, with shares to be released to the extent each 
note is paid.  At June 30, 1995, the Company had receivables of $4,000,000 
principal and $1,873,000 interest related to these notes.


NOTE H - Sale of Stock by Subsidiary

During the quarter ended December 31, 1992, as an incentive to certain of 
its key employees, the Company's majority-owned subsidiary, Victoria 
Creations, Inc., sold 300,000 shares of its authorized, but previously 
unissued, Common Stock to those employees.  This sale increased the total 
number of shares of Victoria Creations, Inc. Common Stock outstanding from 
7.5 million to 7.8 million, thus reducing the Company's percentage of 
ownership from 83% to 79%.

                                   F-16

<PAGE>


NOTE I - Per Share Data

Loss per share amounts are based on the weighted average number of common 
shares outstanding during the respective periods. 

NOTE J - Retirement Plans and Benefits

Substantially all of the Company's employees, other than the employees of 
one subsidiary, who meet certain requirements of age, length of service 
and hours worked per year, are covered by a Company sponsored retirement 
plan.  The plan is a noncontributory, defined benefit, trusteed plan.  
Benefits paid to retirees are based upon years of credited service, age at 
retirement and, in certain instances, average earnings.  The Company's 
policy is to fund the minimum amount required under the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act.  Prior to the 1994 fiscal year, the 
Company maintained four separate plans.  During fiscal 1994, the four 
plans were merged into and became one plan.  Certain of the following 
information for prior years for these plans has been restated, for 
comparability purposes, to show the plans as if they had been merged as of 
the beginning of the periods shown.

For the employees of the Company's one subsidiary mentioned above, who are 
not covered by the above mentioned plans, the Company makes available a 
retirement savings plan which includes the salary deferral feature 
afforded by Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.  During the years 
ended June 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, the Company's contributions to, and 
expenses of, this plan were $47,000, $40,000 and $70,000, respectively.

The net periodic pension cost for the Company sponsored defined benefit 
plan included the following components: 
                                                   (000 omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                 Year Ended June 30       
                                            ----------------------------  
                                              1995      1994      1993    
                                            --------  --------  --------  
Cost of benefits earned during the period.  $    287  $    604  $    663  
Prior service costs.......................        85        85        91  
Interest cost on projected benefit                                        
 obligation...............................     5,545     5,410     5,537  
Actual net return on assets...............    (9,502)     (526)   (6,592) 
Adjust actual return to expected return...     4,373    (5,236)      904  
Amortization of deferred (gain) loss......       119       (27)       56  
Cost recognized on sale or closing of                                     
 certain operations (Note C)..............       679       246       463  
                                            --------  --------  --------  
                 Net Periodic Pension Cost  $  1,586  $    556  $  1,122  
                                            ========  ========  ========  




                                   F-17

<PAGE>


The following sets forth the funded status of the Company sponsored plan 
and the amounts recognized in the accompanying balance sheet:
                                                        (000 omitted)     
                                                      ------------------  
                                                           June 30        
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995      1994    
                                                      --------  --------  
Actuarial present value of:                                               
 Vested benefit obligation..........................  $(68,658) $(66,289) 
 Nonvested benefit obligation.......................      (129)     (178) 
                                                      --------  --------  
                      Accumulated Benefit Obligation  $(68,787) $(66,467) 
Effect of projected future salary increases.........         0    (1,815) 
                                                      --------  --------  
Projected benefit obligation........................  $(68,787) $(68,282) 
Plan assets at fair value, consists primarily of                          
 equity securities and fixed income securities......    62,876    60,330  
                                                      --------  --------  
                       Projected Benefit Obligation                       
                            in Excess of Plan Assets  $ (5,911) $ (7,952) 
Unrecognized prior service cost.....................         0       765  
Unrecognized net loss...............................     3,928     6,815  
Unrecognized net transitional asset.................      (341)     (368) 
Additional accrued liability........................    (3,587)   (5,397) 
                                                      --------  --------  
                Pension Liability Recognized within                       
                      the Consolidated Balance Sheet  $ (5,911) $ (6,137) 
                                                      ========  ========  

In determining the actuarial present value of projected benefit obligation 
of the Company sponsored plan as of June 30, 1995 and 1994, the discount 
rate used was 8.2%; the expected rate of return on plan assets was 9% and, 
in those instances where average earnings are a factor in determining 
retirement benefits, the weighted average rate of increase in compensation 
levels was 6%. The participants become fully vested as to their benefits 
after five years of credited service.

The Company's pension plan was in an underfunded position at June 30, 1995 
and 1994.  Therefore, the Company recognized additional minimum liability 
as of each date.  Since the additional minimum liability exceeded the 
pension intangible asset related to the plan at each date, the excess is 
reported as a reduction of stockholders' equity.








                                   F-18

<PAGE>


NOTE K - Change in Accounting Principle for Postretirement Benefits Other
          Than Pensions

In addition to pension plans, the Company provides certain health care and 
life insurance benefits for certain retired employees.  Of the current 
employees, only certain of those of the Company's Corporate Office who 
joined the Company prior to January 1, 1988 are eligible for these 
postretirement benefits.  The health care benefits are provided under an 
unfunded Company-sponsored plan which contains cost sharing features such 
as deductibles and coinsurance.  Employees who retire prior to age 65 but 
are otherwise eligible for health care benefits may elect coverage under 
the plan by paying "premiums" which approximate the Company's average cost 
for these health care benefits.  The retiree life insurance plan is 
noncontributory; the Company pays premiums on an annual basis for the 
coverage.  The Company may amend or change these plans periodically.  See 
Note R - Subsequent Events regarding the Company's discontinuance of the 
health care portion of these benefits.

Effective July 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement 
Benefits Other Than Pensions".  The statement requires accrual of the cost 
of providing postretirement benefits, including medical and life insurance 
coverage, during the active service period of the employee rather than the 
pay-as-you-go (cash) basis which the company used prior to adoption.  The 
company elected to immediately recognize the accumulated postretirement 
benefit obligation (the "APBO") equal to the discounted present value of 
expected future benefit payments attributed to employees' service rendered 
prior to July 1, 1993.  This resulted in a one-time, non-cash charge 
against earnings of $15.3 million.  The discount rate used in determining 
the APBO was 7.5%.  The adoption of the new accounting principle will not 
affect the Company's cash outlay for retiree benefits.  The Company will 
continue to evaluate ways in which it can better manage these benefits and 
control the costs. 

The details of the APBO are as follows:
                                                        (000 omitted)     
                                                      ------------------  
                                                           June 30        
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995       1994   
                                                      --------  --------  
Retirees............................................  $ 13,588  $ 13,618  
Fully eligible active plan participants.............       495       499  
Other active plan participants......................       640     1,012  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                          Total APBO  $ 14,723  $ 15,129  
                                                      ========  ========  



                                   F-19

<PAGE>


The net periodic postretirement benefit cost is as follows:               
                                                         (000 omitted)    
                                                      ------------------  
                                                      Year Ended June 30  
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995      1994    
                                                      --------  --------  
Service cost......................................... $     30  $     56  
Interest cost on APBO................................      949     1,052  
Amortization of deferred (gain) loss.................      (19)           
                                                      --------  --------  
            Net periodic postretirement benefit cost  $    960  $  1,108  
                                                      ========  ========  

Postretirement benefit cost on a pay-as-you-go basis totaled $1.2 million 
for the year ended June 30, 1993 and has not been restated.

The health care cost trend rates used in developing the above amounts 
assume such costs increase by an average of 8.6% a year to the year 2000 
and then by 7.3% a year to the year 2010.  A one percent increase in the 
health care cost trend rates assumed would have increased the APBO at July 
1, 1995 and the net periodic postretirement benefit cost by 12% each.

NOTE L - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information

Supplemental information regarding certain balance sheet captions is as 
follows:
                                                        (000 omitted)     
                                                      ------------------  
                                                           June 30        
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995      1994    
                                                      --------  --------  
Receivables:                                                              
 Due from factor....................................  $      0  $  4,055  
 Accounts receivable - trade........................     9,435     5,253  
 Other..............................................       465     2,153  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $  9,900  $ 11,461  
 Less allowances for doubtful accounts..............     2,481     1,704  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $  7,419  $  9,757  
                                                      ========  ========  
                                                                          
Inventories:                                                              
 Raw materials......................................  $  5,120  $  5,551  
 Work-in-process....................................       484       705  
 Finished goods.....................................    10,826    15,124  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $ 16,430  $ 21,380  
                                                      ========  ========  


                                   F-20

<PAGE>


                                                        (000 omitted)     
                                                      ------------------  
                                                           June 30        
                                                      ------------------  
                                                        1995      1994    
                                                      --------  --------  
Property, plant and equipment:                                            
 Land and buildings.................................  $  3,596  $  3,503  
 Machinery, equipment and other.....................     8,969    11,296  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $ 12,565  $ 14,799  
 less accumulated depreciation and amortization.....     7,924     8,888  
                                                      --------  --------  
                   Net Property, Plant and Equipment  $  4,641  $  5,911  
                                                      ========  ========  
                                                                          
Other assets and deferred charges:                                        
 Long-term assets held for sale.....................  $  3,260  $  4,952  
 Interest receivable - sale of stock (Note G).......     1,873     1,710  
 Deferred royalty expenses..........................       350         0  
 Deposits...........................................       291       352  
 Deferred pension costs.............................         0       765  
 Other..............................................       735       733  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $  6,509  $  8,512  
                                                      ========  ========  
                                                                          
Accrued expenses and sundry liabilities:                                  
 Accrued pension liability..........................  $  5,116  $      0  
 Accrued compensation expenses......................     1,428     1,903  
 Postretirement benefits other than pension.........     1,370     1,108  
 Accrued interest...................................     1,210     1,208  
 Accrued workers compensation.......................     1,095     1,493  
 Accrued taxes other than payroll...................       735     1,643  
 Accrued shutdown costs.............................       711       703  
 Other..............................................       803     1,212  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $ 12,468  $  9,270  
                                                      ========  ========  
                                                                          
Other long-term liabilities:                                              
 Postretirement benefits other than pension.........  $ 13,355  $ 14,021  
 Deferred shutdown costs............................     3,732       419  
 Accrued pension liability..........................       794     6,137  
 Other..............................................         0       223  
                                                      --------  --------  
                                                      $ 17,881  $ 20,800  
                                                      ========  ========  


                                   F-21


<PAGE>


NOTE M - Supplemental Income Statement Information:
                                                   (000 Omitted)          
                                            ----------------------------  
                                                 Year Ended June 30       
                                            ----------------------------  
                                              1995      1994      1993    
                                            --------  --------  --------  
Royalty expense...........................  $  1,540  $  1,304  $  1,401  
Advertising cost..........................     2,914     2,733     2,802  

NOTE N - Legal Proceedings  

The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits.  It is not expected that 
these suits will result in judgements which in the aggregate would have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position.

NOTE O - Segment Information

The Company consists of one business segment, the design, manufacture and  
distribution of costume jewelry.

Note P - Major Customer

During the years ended June 30, 1995, 1994 and 1993, one of the Company's 
customer's purchases amounted to 26.4%, 20.5% and 15.9%, respectively, of 
the Company's consolidated net sales.
























                                   F-22

<PAGE>


NOTE Q - Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)
                                           (000 omitted)                  
                            --------------------------------------------  
                                       Quarter Ended                      
                            ----------------------------------            
                             Sep 30   Dec 31   Mar 31  June 30   Total    
                            -------  -------  -------  -------  --------  
Year ended June 30, 1995:                                                 
 Net sales................  $20,119  $16,975  $11,197  $11,202   $59,493  
 Gross profit.............   9,007     6,369    4,698    4,605    24,679  
 Loss from continuing                                                     
  operations..............   (3,514)  (6,453)  (4,368)  (3,995)  (18,330) 
 Net loss.................   (4,089) (14,310)  (4,368)  (5,175)  (27,942) 
 Loss per common share:                                                   
  Continuing operations...    (0.26)   (0.42)   (0.31)   (0.29)    (1.28) 
  Net loss per common share   (0.29)   (0.86)   (0.31)   (0.36)    (1.82) 
                                                                          
Year ended June 30, 1994:                                                 
 Net sales................  $17,564  $16,017  $14,119  $17,234   $64,934  
 Gross profit.............    9,367    5,984    6,133    6,462    27,946  
 Loss from continuing                                                     
  operations..............   (3,785)  (6,667)  (6,108)  (6,177)  (22,737) 
 Net earnings (loss)......  (17,489)  (4,582)  (1,100)  22,419      (752) 
 Earnings (loss) per                                                      
  common share:                                                           
   Continuing operations..    (0.27)   (0.44)   (0.41)   (0.40)    (1.52) 
   Net earnings (loss)                                                    
    per common share......    (1.04)   (0.32)   (0.12)    1.19     (0.29) 

- ----------
The amounts shown above, other than for the quarters ended March 31, 1995 
and June 30, 1995, have been restated to report separately the results of 
continuing and discontinued operations.

See Note C above for gains (losses) from disposition of divisions which 
affected the results of operations for certain of the quarters shown above.















                                   F-23

<PAGE>


NOTE R - Subsequent Events

Refinancing - Effective July 31, 1995, the Company and its 79%-owned 
subsidiary, Victoria Creations, Inc. ("Victoria"), each renegotiated its 
borrowing arrangements with its current lender.  Under the terms of the 
amended agreements, the Company's borrowings under the revolving and term 
loans with the lender (see Note D above) were converted to a term loan.  
This term loan will be repayable from collections of certain accounts 
receivable and sales of inventory other than those of Victoria and a 
portion of the proceeds of sales of the Company's other assets, primarily 
real property.  The term loan matures July 31, 2000 and bears interest at 
the rate of 12% a year.  

The new arrangements for Victoria consist of a $5.0 million term loan due 
June 15, 2000 and a revolving loan, based on Victoria's eligible accounts 
receivable and inventories, having a term ending June 15, 1998.  The 
revolving loan will be renewed automatically for successive one year 
periods thereafter unless terminated by either party upon thirty days 
notice.  These loans bear interest at prime rate plus 3 1/2%, or currently 
12 1/4% a year.

The debt is classified as long-term in the accompanying balance sheet.

Discontinuance of Medical Plan- Effective August 31, 1995, the Company 
discontinued the Company-sponsored medical plan for its employees and 
retirees other than Victoria's current employees.  The discontinuance will 
result in a non-cash gain of $10.2 million and a reduction of $10.2 
million in the Company's liability for postretirement benefits other than 
pension and will reduce the Company's ongoing cash expenses by more than 
$1 million a year.  

Request for Deferral of Payment to Pension Plan - On September 15, 1995, 
the Company filed with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") an application 
for a waiver of the minimum funding standard as to its pension plan.  If 
approved by the IRS, the Company's payment, estimated to be approximately 
$2.9 million, to its pension fund due March 15, 1996 for the year ended 
June 30, 1995 would be deferred until the Company's cash flow improves.















                                   F-24

<PAGE>


                       INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
United Merchants and Manufacturers, Inc.:

We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of United Merchants and 
Manufacturers, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1995 and 1994 and the 
related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for each of 
the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1995.  These 
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's 
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are 
free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test 
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial 
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles 
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating 
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits 
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion the consolidated financial statements referred to above 
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of United 
Merchants and Manufacturers, Inc. and subsidiaries at June 30, 1995 and 
1994, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of 
the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1995, in conformity with 
generally accepted accounting principles.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared 
assuming that United Merchants and Manufacturers, Inc. will continue as a 
going concern.  As discussed in Note A to the consolidated financial 
statements, the Company's recurring losses from operations, net deficiency 
in stockholders' equity and significant debt raise substantial doubt about 
its ability to continue as a going concern.  Management's discussion with 
regard to these matters is also included in Note A.  The consolidated 
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from 
the outcome of this uncertainty.



                                  KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP


New York, New York
October 11, 1995




                                   F-25

<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>




         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                 FORM 10K



                             INDEX TO EXHIBITS

  Certain exhibits to this report on Form 10-K have been incorporated by 
reference.  For a list of these exhibits see Item 14 hereof.

  The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. 
 (10) Material Contracts: 

   a)  Sidney O. Margolis - employment agreement is incorporated by 
       reference to Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed by the Registrant for 
       the year ended June 30, 1986.  Amendment to employment agreement 
       dated June 9, 1989 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 of 
       Form 10-K filed by the Registrant for the year ended June 30, 
       1989.  Amendment to employment agreement dated July 22, 1992 is 
       incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed 
       by the registrant for the year ended June 30, 1992.

   b)  Judith A. Nadzick - employment agreement is incorporated by 
       reference to Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed by the Registrant for 
       the year ended June 30, 1987.  Amendments to employment agreement 
       dated December 6, 1991 and July 22, 1992 are incorporated herein 
       by reference to Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed by the registrant 
       for the year ended June 30, 1992.

    c) Uzi Ruskin - employment agreement is incorporated by reference to 
       Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed by the Registrant for the year ended 
       June 30, 1986.  Amendment to employment agreement dated August 21, 
       1991 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 of Form 10-K filed 
       by the Registrant for the year ended June 30, 1991.  

 (22) Subsidiaries of the Registrant.................................  E-2

 (27)  Financial Data Schedule as of and for the year ended June 30, 1995 
       is filed herewith.











                                    E-1


<PAGE>


                                EXHIBIT 22

         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

                                                                           
                                              Percentage
                                                   State or     of Voting
                                                 Jurisdiction   Securities
                                              of Incorporation     Owned  
                                              ----------------  ----------
Victoria Creations, Inc. ...................    Rhode Island       79%




  The foregoing subsidiary is included in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company.  A number of inactive and other subsidiaries 
(all of which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would 
not constitute a significant subsidiary) have been omitted from the above 
list.































                                    E-2


<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<CIK> 0000101357
<NAME> UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC.
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1995
<CASH>                                             965
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                     9900
<ALLOWANCES>                                      2481
<INVENTORY>                                      16430
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                 26616
<PP&E>                                           12565
<DEPRECIATION>                                    7924
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                   58428
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            18886
<BONDS>                                          81071
<COMMON>                                         17845
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                        450
<OTHER-SE>                                     (79329)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                     58428
<SALES>                                          59493
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 59493
<CGS>                                            34814
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    34814
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 31902
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               11007
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                (18230)
<INCOME-TAX>                                       100
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            (18330)
<DISCONTINUED>                                  (9612)
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   (27942)
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                   (1.82)
<EPS-DILUTED>                                   (1.82)
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>



 AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT


     This Amendment Number Three to Loan and Security Agreement
("Amendment") is entered into as of July 31, 1995, between FOOTHILL
CAPITAL CORPORATION ("Foothill") and UNITED MERCHANTS AND
MANUFACTURERS, INC. ("Borrower").

     FACT ONE:  Foothill and Borrower entered into that certain
Amended and Restated Loan And Security Agreement as of June 28,1994,
as amended on August 26, 1994 and September 28, 1994 (the
"Agreement").

     FACT TWO:  Concurrently herewith Foothill and Victoria Creations,
Inc. ("Victoria") have entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement.  The purpose of this Amendment is to deal with the
balance of the Obligations owed by Borrower to Foothill after giving
effect to such agreement. 

     FACT THREE:  Borrower and Foothill desire to amend the
Agreement as provided herein.


     NOW, THEREFORE, Foothill and Borrower hereby amend the
Agreement as follows:

      1.  All references in the Agreement to Combined Term Note and
the terms and conditions related thereto are hereby deleted.

      2.  Section 1.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended to add the
following additional definition:

          "Net Earnings" shall mean, for any period for which such
     amount is being determined, the net earnings of Borrower and its
     consolidated subsidiaries (other than Victoria) during such period
     determined on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance
     with generally accepted accounting principles, as set forth in the
     consolidated financial statements of Borrower audited by one of
     the "Big Six" accounting firms or other reputable accounting firm
     reasonably acceptable to Foothill and which are included in
     Borrower's Form 10-Q Quarterly Reports, Form 10-K Annual
     Reports and Form 8-K Current Reports which are filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission (or, in the event that
     Borrower is no longer legally required to file such reports,
     financial statements reflecting the same information and deliverable
     on the same dates as the above-referenced filings), provided that
     there shall be excluded (i) income of any Person (other than a
     consolidated subsidiary of Borrower) in which Borrower or any of
     its consolidated subsidiaries has an equity investment or
     comparable interest, except to the extent of the amount of
     dividends or other distributions actually paid to the Borrower or
     any of its consolidated subsidiaries by such Person during such
     period, (ii) the income of any subsidiary of Borrower to the extent
     that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar
     distributions by that subsidiary of the income is not at the time
     permitted by any judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or
     governmental regulation applicable to that subsidiary, and (iii) any
     non-recurring (which shall include proceeds from the sale of Real
     Property), non-cash gains and losses, net of any applicable income
     taxes.

      3.  Section 2.1 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its
entirety.  All Obligations outstanding as of this date shall be evidenced
by the Term Note and shall be repayable in accordance with Section 2.3
and the Term Note.

      4.  Foothill shall no longer have an obligation to issue L/Cs or
L/C Guarantees on behalf of Borrower.  In addition, Borrower shall
cause the two (2) letters of credit in the aggregate amount of One
Million Ninety Four Thousand Dollars ($1,094,000) in which the
Beneficiary of each is National Union Fire Insurance Company, to be
released within nine (9) months of the date of this Amendment.  Once
such letters of credit are released, Section 2.2 shall automatically be
deleted.

      5.  Section 2.3 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety to
read as follows:

          "2.3 Term Loans.  Borrower's outstanding Obligations to
     Foothill as of this date are in the aggregate principal amount of
     Eleven Million Six Hundred Eighty Eight Thousand Dollars
     ($11,688,000).  Such Obligations shall be evidenced by and
     repayable in accordance with the terms of that certain Secured
     Promissory Note (the "Term Note") dated July 31, 1995, and
     executed by Borrower in favor of Foothill.  All amounts evidenced
     by the Term Note shall constitute Obligations.  The Term Note
     amends and supersedes in its entirety that certain Secured
     Promissory Note in the original principal amount of Ten Million
     Dollars ($10,000,000) payable by Borrower to Foothill together with
     that certain Secured Promissory Note in the original principal
     amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) payable jointly by
     Borrower and Victoria to Foothill.

          The Term Note shall be repayable from collections of
     Borrower's Current Accounts and Inventory (as hereinafter
     defined) from monies due to Borrower from Victoria, from
     Borrower's pledge of Victoria's outstanding capital stock to
     Foothill, and from Net Proceeds of sales of Borrower's Real
     Property in an amount up to Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000). 
     Once Foothill has received such amount, Borrower shall be entitled
     to retain the next Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) in Net Proceeds
     from sales of Real Property.  Foothill and Borrower shall share
     equally in any Net Proceeds from sale of Real Property in excess
     of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).  Foothill's portion of the Net
     Proceeds described in the preceding sentence shall be applied to
     the Term Note.  For purposes of this section:  (a) Real Property
     shall not include Borrower's Buffalo Mill property or property
     which is utilized by Victoria in the operation of its business, and
     (b) "Net Proceeds" shall mean all proceeds of sale of each Real
     Property, less the direct out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
     Borrower regarding such sale (such as, but not limited to, real
     estate commissions, escrow charges, and title insurance charges). 
     For purposes of this paragraph, Current Accounts and Inventory
     means all of Borrower's presently existing accounts receivable and
     Inventory, wherever located.

          The Term Note shall also be repayable from fifty percent
(50%) of Borrower's Net Earnings.

      6.  Section 2.5(a) is hereby amended to read as follows:

          "(a) Interest Rate.  Commencing July 1, 1995, all
     Obligations shall bear interest, on the average Daily Balance, at
     the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum.  Borrower shall have
     the right to have interest on the Obligations payable in the
     months of August through December of 1995 and January through
     April of 1996 added to principal each month as it becomes due. 
     Any of such interest shall be compounded by becoming a part of
     the Obligations, and such interest shall thereafter accrue interest
     at the rate provided in this section and in the Term Note.

      7.  Section 3.3 of the Agreement is amended to change the
Maturity Date to July 31, 2000.

      8.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.4,
Borrower shall have the right to sell Real Property, other than the
property used by Victoria in the operation of its business, so long as
the proceeds of such sales are distributed as provided in Section 2.3.

      9.  The Victoria Guaranty is hereby released.

     10.  Section 7.5 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety to
read as follows:

          "7.5  Change Name.  Without at least thirty (30) days' prior
     written notice to Foothill, change Borrower's name, FEIN, business
     structure, identity or any new fictitious name."

     11.  Sections 2.4, 3.2, 5.2, 6.6, 6.12, 6.19 through 6.23, 7.7, 7.10,
7.11 and 7.16 of the Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety.

     12.  In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions
of this Amendment and the terms and provisions of the Agreement, the
terms and provisions of this Amendment shall govern.  In all other
respects, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

     13.  All initially capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall
have the meanings given to them in the Agreement unless specifically
defined herein.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Foothill have executed this
Amendment as of the date first set forth above.

                         FOOTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION



                         By   /s/ Steven Cole             
                         Title  Vice President            


                         UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC.  
                                                  


                         By    /s/ Judith A. Nadzick  
                         Title  Executive Vice President                  

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>




                     SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE



$11,688,000                               Los Angeles, California
                                                    July 31, 1995



          FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned ("Maker") hereby
promises to pay to FOOTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION ("Foothill"), or
order, at 11111 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 1500, Los Angeles,
California 90025-3333, or at such other address as the holder of
this Note ("Holder") may specify in writing, the principal sum of
Eleven Million Six Hundred Eighty Eight Thousand Dollars
($11,688,000) plus interest in the manner and upon the terms and
conditions set forth below.

          I.   Rate of Interest

               This Secured Promissory Note ("Note") shall bear
interest at a rate equal to twelve percent (12%) per annum.  Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default under that certain Loan And
Security Agreement between the Maker and Foothill dated as of
June 28, 1994 (as amended, the "Agreement"), the rate of interest
on this Note shall, at the option of the Holder, be increased by
four (4) percentage points above the pre-default rate specified
above.  Interest charged on this Note shall be computed on the
basis of a three hundred sixty (360) day year for actual days
elapsed.

          II.  Schedule of Payments

               Principal and interest under this Note shall be
due and payable in accordance with Sections 2.3 and 2.5(a) of the
Agreement.

          III. Prepayment

               This Note may be prepaid at any time, in whole or
in part, without any premium or penalty whatsoever.  

          IV.  Holder's Right of Acceleration

               Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under
the Agreement including, but not limited to, the failure to pay
any installment of principal or interest hereunder when due, the
Holder may, at its election and without notice to the Maker,
declare the entire balance hereof immediately due and payable.

          V.   Additional Rights of Holder

               If any installment of principal or interest
hereunder is not paid when due, the Holder shall have the
following right in addition to the rights set forth herein, in
the Agreement, and under law:  the right to compound interest by
adding the unpaid interest to principal, with such combined
amount thereafter bearing interest at the rate provided in this
Note; and

          VI.  General Provisions

               A.   If this Note is not paid when due, the Maker
further promises to pay all costs of collection, foreclosure
fees, and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by the Holder,
whether or not suit is filed hereon.

               B.   The Maker hereby consents to any and all
renewals, replacements, and/or extensions of time for payment of
this Note before, at, or after maturity.

               C.   The Maker hereby consents to the acceptance,
release, or substitution of security for this Note.

               D.   Presentment for payment, notice of dishonor,
protest, and notice of protest are hereby expressly waived.

               E.   Any waiver of any rights under this Note, the
Agreement, or under any other agreement, instrument, or paper
signed by the Maker is neither valid nor effective unless made in
writing and signed by the Holder.

               F.   No delay or omission on the part of the
Holder in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver thereof
or of any other right.

               G.   A waiver by the Holder upon any one occasion
shall not be construed as a bar or waiver of any right or remedy
on any future occasion.

               H.   Should any one or more of the provisions of
this Note be determined illegal or unenforceable, all other
provisions shall nevertheless remain effective.

               I.   This Note cannot be changed, modified,
amended, or terminated orally.

          VII. Security for the Note

               This Note is secured by the Agreement, and is
subject to all of the terms and conditions thereof including, but
not limited to, the remedies specified therein.

          VIII.     Choice of Law and Venue.  THE VALIDITY OF
THIS NOTE, ITS CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT, AND
THE RIGHTS OF THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER, SHALL BE DETERMINED
UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL
LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICTS OF LAW.   THE MAKER HEREBY AGREES THAT ALL ACTIONS OR
PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE SHALL BE TRIED
AND DETERMINED ONLY IN THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN
THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, STATE OF CALIFORNIA, OR, AT THE SOLE
OPTION OF THE HOLDER, IN ANY OTHER COURT IN WHICH THE HOLDER
SHALL INITIATE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE PROCEEDINGS AND WHICH HAS
SUBJECT MATTER JURISDICTION OVER THE MATTER IN CONTROVERSY.  THE
MAKER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF
FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY
PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION.

          IX.  Waiver of Jury Trial. MAKER HEREBY WAIVES ITS
RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREIN INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS TORT CLAIMS, BREACH
OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIM. 
MAKER REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND IT
KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL.  IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION A
COY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A
TRIAL BY THE COURT.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been executed and
delivered on the date first set forth above.


                    UNITED MERCHANTS AND MANUFACTURERS, INC.
                    a Delaware corporation



                    By: /s/ Judith A. Nadzick            
                    Title: Executive Vice President      

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
