-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 YFSANjuoTTbCttvOJrxBn8Sb2U6cRUPIQ9yoEi99R47zQGIs27TtL5CMJnBfBlTx
 sW9fmyl2d2RHSUb0dmD7Fw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000715633-94-000002.txt : 19940404
<IMS-HEADER>0000715633-94-000002.hdr.sgml : 19940404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000715633-94-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940103
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VONS COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000715633
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5411
		IRS NUMBER:				381623900
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08452
		FILM NUMBER:		94519794

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		618 MICHILLINDA AVE
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8188217000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		618 MICHILLINDA AVENUE
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIED SUPERMARKETS INC /MI//NEW/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870805
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FINAL 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D. C. 20549
 
                     ----------------------

                            FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

/X/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
    THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended January 2, 1994

                            OR

/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
    THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For the transition period from         to 
                               -------     -------
                  Commission File Number 1-8452

                     ----------------------

                    THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             Michigan                             38-1623900
 (State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)              Identification No.)

         618 Michillinda Avenue, Arcadia, California 91007
       (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (818) 821-
7000

                     ---------------------- 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title  of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered
- --------------------  -----------------------------------------
Common Stock, $.10 
par value per share              New York Stock Exchange
 
                     ---------------------- 
Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:
 
                              None
                        (Title of class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X  No
                                               ---    ---
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.[ ]

     Aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates
of the registrant as of March 14, 1994:  Common Stock, par value
$.10 per share - $433,061,474.

      The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of
March 14, 1994 - 43,341,926.

     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  Portions of the Annual
Report to Shareholders for fiscal year ended January 2, 1994 are
incorporated by reference into Parts II and IV.

     Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held on May 11, 1994, are incorporated by
reference into Part III, to be filed no later than May 8, 1994.
<PAGE>

                              PART I


ITEM 1: BUSINESS

General


     The Vons Companies, Inc. ("Vons" or the "Company") is the
largest supermarket chain in Southern California (including Clark
County, Nevada) based on sales.  As of January 2, 1994, Vons
operated 345 supermarkets and food and drug retail stores.  Vons
also operates a fluid milk processing facility, an ice cream
plant, a bakery, a delicatessen kitchen, and distribution
facilities for meat, grocery, produce and general merchandise.

     Vons believes that it is a leader in the successful
introduction of innovative supermarkets and food and drug
combination stores as well as in the operation of multiple store
types which are designed to serve diverse customer needs.  Vons
operates under the names "Vons," "Vons Food and Drug,"
"Pavilions," "Tianguis," and "EXPO."  The Company's marketing
platform is built on offering the customer greater value than
found elsewhere by combining competitive pricing with superior
selection, quality, service and convenience.

     Vons' grocery business began operations in 1906.  From 1969
until December 1985, it was owned, along with certain other
merchandising businesses, by Household International, Inc.  In
1985, these merchandising businesses were acquired  by a newly
formed corporation in a leveraged buyout, organized in part by
the Company's present management.  During 1986, all of these
acquired merchandising businesses, other than the grocery
business, were sold.

     On July 22, 1987, the newly formed corporation was merged
(the "Allied Merger") with and into Allied Supermarkets, Inc., a
Michigan corporation ("Allied"), and the surviving corporation
was renamed The Vons Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation.  On
the same date as the Allied Merger, substantially all of the
business previously operated by Allied was sold to a company
organized by the former management of Allied, leaving the Company
with operations located only in Southern California, as they
existed prior to the Allied Merger.

     On August 29, 1988, the Company purchased substantially all
of the operations of Safeway, Inc. ("Safeway") in Southern
California.  At the time of the acquisition (the "Safeway
Acquisition"), these operations included 162 supermarkets and
manufacturing and distribution facilities.  As a result of the
Safeway Acquisition and other purchases of Vons common stock,
Safeway, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, is Vons' largest
shareholder, with approximately 35% of the outstanding shares of
Vons common stock.  Safeway is an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts and Co.

     On January 28, 1992, Vons acquired the supermarket business
of Williams Bros. Markets, Inc. ("Williams Bros.") which included
18 supermarkets.  These stores are located primarily in Santa
Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties, in the central coast of
California.

Strategic Restructuring

     In response to the weak economic environment in the regions
it serves, and other factors having a negative impact on sales,
the Company commenced a cost containment and strategic
restructuring program during fourth quarter 1993.  The program
includes the accelerated closure of underperforming facilities
and a reduction in administrative staff.  In addition, the
Company reorganized its store district operation in 1993 to be
leaner and more efficient.  The Company is pursuing other
potentially significant initiatives designed to increase
efficiency and lower its cost structure over time.  This program
is expected to produce significant expense reductions which the
Company will reinvest into its business through lower prices and
improved store service levels.

     In January 1994, the Company introduced the "Vons Value
Program."  This program emphasizes low prices everyday and
represents a strategic repositioning of the Company's market
focus.  The Vons Value Program began with price reductions on at
least 3,000 items per store and included improved store signage
to better inform customers as to the many ways to save money at
Vons, including the newly reduced prices, weekly advertised
specials and free membership club savings.  Double coupons will
remain an integral part of the Vons offering.  An important
component of the Vons Value Program is an increase in the amount
of labor allocated for check-out.  The Company believes that
customer satisfaction will be increased by improving the speed of
check-out.  Overall store conditions will also improve as
personnel from peripheral departments spend less time supporting
check-out.  As well, the Company's marketing campaign has been
restructured to communicate the Vons Value Program price
reductions and improved store service levels and will place
greater emphasis on electronic media.  The Vons Value Program is
a long term strategy, the implementation of which will extend
beyond 1994.  The program is intended to initially benefit sales,
which in turn will improve the Company's ability to achieve
strong, sustainable earnings growth over the long run.

Store Types

     The Company operates six store types:  Vons, Vons Food and
Drug, Vons Super Combo, Pavilions, Tianguis, and EXPO.  Each type
is designed for a different customer segment as evidenced by the
store location, appearance and product offerings.  A key strategy
of the Company is to tailor its store and merchandise offerings
to reflect its diverse customer base.

     In March 1993, Vons introduced Vons Super Combo and in June
1993, EXPO.  Vons intends to continue developing distinct store
identities which it believes are in demand by its customers.

     The Company operates multiple store types and supports them
with centrally controlled marketing, advertising, buying, real
estate development, management information systems, distribution,
manufacturing, accounting and administration to maximize
operating leverage and profitability.

<PAGE>

<TABLE>

     The following table shows, by store type, the number of Vons
stores in operation at the end of each of the years indicated and
the number of stores opened, closed or converted during each
year:<PAGE>
<CAPTION>
                                  VONS
                                  FOOD    VONS
                                  AND     SUPER
                          VONS    DRUG    COMBO  PAVILIONS  TIANGUIS   EXPO    TOTAL 
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
<S>                      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>       <C>     <C> 
1991:
Beginning store count..     209      77       -         26         8       -     320
Stores opened..........       -       4       -          1         1       -       6
Stores closed or sold..      (5)     (1)      -          -         -       -      (6)
Store type conversions.      (2)      1       -          1         -       -       -
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
Ending store count.....     202      81       -         28         9       -     320
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
1992:
Stores opened..........       1       3       -          4         -       -       8
Stores acquired........      18*      -       -          -         -       -      18
Stores closed or sold..      (1)      -       -          -         -       -      (1)
Store type conversions.      (2)      2       -          -         -       -       -
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
Ending store count.....     218      86       -         32         9       -     345
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
1993:
Stores opened..........       1       4       3          -         -       4      12   
Stores closed or sold..      (9)     (3)      -          -         -       -     (12)
Store type conversions.       2       3       -          -        (6)      1       -
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
Ending store count.....     212      90       3         32         3       5     345
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------

Average gross square
  feet per store at 
  January 2, 1994......  29,000  42,300  71,400     43,300    52,800  73,700  35,000
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------
                         ------  ------  ------  ---------  --------  ------  ------


- -------------------

<FN>
*  Represents the Williams Bros. acquisition
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

     Vons monitors the operating performance of all of its stores
and closes or disposes of stores that do not satisfy its
strategic, marketing or financial goals.  Stores closed or sold
typically represent underperforming units due to changes in
market area or lease terms, the closure of which generally
affects operating results favorably.

     Vons' traditional supermarket stores operate under the name
"Vons."  These stores offer extensive assortments of food
products, including departments for dry groceries, produce, meat,
seafood, dairy, wine and liquor as well as limited assortments of
general merchandise, including greeting cards and health and
beauty care items.  Most Vons supermarkets also have in-store
bakeries, service floral, service delicatessens with fresh and
prepared foods and service seafood departments.  In the first
quarter of 1994, in connection with the Company's restructuring
program, the Williams Bros. stores were converted to the Vons
name and are included with the Vons store type.  This conversion
was made to offer central coast customers the Vons stores'
marketing program and eliminate costs associated with maintenance
of a separate marketing program.

     The "Vons Food and Drug" stores combine traditional
supermarket selection and service departments with a pharmacy
that is supported by a wide assortment of health and beauty care
items, cosmetics and other merchandise typically found in a drug
store.  These stores tend to be larger than Vons' traditional
supermarket stores, and generally include expanded selections of
general merchandise, housewares and kitchenware.

     A larger version of the Vons Food and Drug store is the
"Vons Super Combo" store which offers customers the convenience
of one-stop shopping.  While this store offers product selections
and service departments similar to a Vons Food and Drug store, it
also includes additional departments such as video rental, dry
cleaning, mailing service and one-hour photo.

     Targeted to consumers interested in contemporary food
selections, "Pavilions" stores are designed for a clientele
conscious of food trends, who typically spend more discretionary
income on food and food-related items.  Pavilions stores offer
expanded selections of food products and a variety of service
departments.  The stores generally offer selections of prepared
foods, produce, wines and such service departments as hot
bakeries, service floral, delicatessens, service meat departments
and service seafood departments.  Many Pavilions stores also
offer extensive general merchandise emphasizing food-related
products of department store quality, a larger health and beauty
care department, a cosmetics department, and a complete pharmacy.
Selected stores also offer an in-house candy shop, sausage and
smoke shop, bagel shop, sushi bar, and high quality prepared
Chinese food.

     Vons introduced "EXPO" stores in June 1993 as a competitive
store type designed to appeal to the highly price-sensitive
customer.  The stores include a large section devoted to items
typically found in warehouse club stores and a deep discount
pharmacy and health and beauty care department, as well as a
traditional core grocery section.  Prices are set to be
competitive with warehouse clubs on like items, and lower overall
than any traditional supermarket competitor in its market area. 
Costs of operation of the stores are also low due to low cost
product presentation methods, a low cost labor contract and
customer bagging of their purchases.  Selected stores also offer
peripheral departments such as banks and dry cleaners.

     In response to changing market conditions, two "Tianguis"
stores were converted to Vons stores, three stores were converted
to Vons Food and Drug stores and one store was converted to EXPO.
The Company intends to either convert the remaining three
Tianguis stores to another store type in 1994 or to close the
stores, eliminating the "Tianguis" type.

Store Remodel Projects and New Store Openings

     Another key strategy of the Company is to augment sales
growth through the continuation of its ongoing chainwide remodel
program and new store opening program.  In 1993, the Company
maintained its goal of having 80% of its stores either newly
opened or remodeled within the preceding five years.

     The Company completed 59, 68 and 66 store remodel projects
in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Store remodel projects
typically result in immediate and sustained sales improvements as
well as improved controllable operating profit margins.  Store
remodel projects are also undertaken to mitigate potential sales
declines that might otherwise arise from competitor new store
openings or remodels.

     Store remodel projects enable Vons to present a store
appearance consistent with Vons' evolving store types and to
continuously update the store base through the introduction,
where possible, of service departments and new merchandising
modules, which are intended to generate higher gross margins and
build store traffic.  Vons' remodel program also includes
important store improvements, such as remerchandising to reflect
contemporary design with new decor packages and selected fixture
replacements. All new and remodeled stores, along with selected
other stores, are also remerchandised to a dense merchandising
configuration.  Dense merchandising, which includes re-engineered
equipment and innovative fixtures, fully utilizes linear and
cubic space.  With this strategy, the Company can effectively
deliver a wider assortment of product and service choices to its
customers without increasing the selling square footage of the
store.

     In addition to continuing its remodel program, the Company
plans to open ten to 15 new stores in 1994.  The Company's new
store opening program does not include the effect of possible
store acquisition opportunities which could arise in the future. 
Toward this end, Vons expects to continue its practice, which is
ongoing, of conducting exploratory discussions with potential
sellers of groups of stores or other retail supermarket chains.

     Vons' cash capital expenditures for store projects were
$253.7 million and $188.0 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
The average cost of a store remodel project is approximately $1.1
million.  It is anticipated that 1994 capital expenditures for
Vons' remodel and new store programs will be funded out of cash
provided by operations, revolving debt and/or through operating
leases.  The capital expenditure program has substantial
flexibility and is subject to revision based on various factors,
including but not limited to business conditions, changing time
constraints, cash flow requirements and competitive factors.

Marketing and Competition

     Southern California is one of the largest and most
competitive markets for retail grocery sales in the United
States.  Vons' store network ranges from Fresno on the north to
the Mexican border on the south and from the Pacific Ocean on the
west to Clark County, Nevada on the east.  This market area
includes Fresno, Imperial, Inyo, Kern, Los Angeles, Mono, Orange,
Riverside, Santa Barbara, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Luis
Obispo, Tulare and Ventura counties, California as well as Clark
County, Nevada. 

     Based on independently prepared research purchased by Vons,
the Company has the largest market share by dollar volume in
Southern California of any supermarket operator.  Vons faces a
number of major as well as smaller competitors in its market. 
The Company believes that in recent years the increase in the
number of competitors' stores and the entrance of new competitors
in its market area have intensified competition and this trend is
expected to continue.  In addition, convenience stores, drug
 stores, specialty stores, warehouse stores, membership stores as
well as discount stores and fast food and other restaurants
compete for the same customers.

     All store types utilize promotional buying opportunities to
pass along special values to their customers.  Also, stores offer
customers additional savings through the use of double coupons,
advertised weekly specials and its free membership club which
offers customers special values and programs and enables the
Company and its vendors to target specific customer segments.
Vons' marketing and communication strategy is based on a
combination of newspaper, direct mail, television and radio
advertising.

     Vons' marketing research indicates the principal competitive
factors in the retail supermarket business include price,
service, quality of products, breadth of product assortment,
store condition, and store location.  Vons' research also
indicates that customers, in response to economic conditions, are
placing greater emphasis on price.  Vons is responding to this
trend through the newly implemented Vons Value Program.  Vons
believes that its strengths are its reputation for offering good
values through competitive prices, low-priced advertised specials
and doubling of manufacturers' coupons, all of which are intended
to be enhanced through the Vons Value Program; its high quality
and wide selection of fresh produce, meat and seafood; its
excellent store condition; friendly personnel and its convenient
store locations.  

Merchandising and Store Operations

     An average store offers selections ranging from
approximately 40,000 to 50,000 merchandise items.  It is Vons'
policy to emphasize brand-name grocery products and quality and
freshness in its seafood, produce and meat selections.  In
addition, Vons carries its proprietary Jerseymaid dairy products
as well as private label products in the grocery, delicatessen,
frozen food, bakery, health and beauty care, and general
merchandise departments of its stores.  Vons' private label
grocery, general merchandise and health and beauty care items as
well as its manufactured bakery, dairy and ice cream products
accounted for approximately 13% of total retail sales in 1993. 
The Company intends to increase this percentage over time through
the introduction of additional private label items.

     In conjunction with its restructuring program, Vons is
committed to being the low cost operator in the market areas it
serves.  Vons' strategy is to decrease over time its operating
costs through aggressive buying, maintenance and introduction of
various merchandising and technological innovations and stringent
cost controls.

     Through technological innovation, Vons has experienced
improved operational efficiency.  Examples include the VonsChek
automated check approval system and introduction of new high
productivity side-bar scanners in checkstands which operate
through a PC based point-of sale system providing price and
descriptions for most items by Universal Product Code (UPC).  All
Vons stores are equipped with an electronic receiving system for
products delivered directly to stores by vendors, electronic time
and attendance reporting, and computerized labor scheduling. 
Vons' central buying office monitors warehouse inventory levels
and product movement daily for buyer analysis and action.  The
management control system produces key weekly operating data by
store and by region.  In addition, the Company is expanding its
test of a new electronic shelf tag system from nine to 20 stores.
This system is expected to improve pricing accuracy and control
labor costs and, based on further testing to be completed in
1994, may be considered for implementation in additional stores. 
Vons has further expanded its pricing accuracy agenda by
implementing an in-store shelf tag printing system and by
connecting the scales in the meat, deli, and other service
departments to the in-store database.  In addition, price changes
are electronically transmitted to an in-store database which
controls pricing throughout each store.

     Vons stresses uniformity of operations at each store and
provides detailed operational procedures to guide store
management.  In addition, the Company improves the consistency of
store operations through its policy to develop store managers
internally and to rotate them from store to store.  All store
managers participate in a bonus program based upon individual
store performance and are included in the Company's stock option
program.

Support and Other Services

     In 1993, the Company operated a fluid milk processing
facility, an ice cream plant, a central bakery, a delicatessen
kitchen and a meat grinding and cooking facility.  Vons'
delicatessen kitchen produces many of the prepared food items
sold in the service and self-service delicatessen departments of
Vons' stores.

     Vons operates four distribution complexes in California,
located in El Monte, San Diego, Ontario and Santa Fe Springs. 
The Company utilizes advanced computerized inventory and labor
management systems throughout its distribution network.  As of
January 2, 1994, Vons operated a fleet of 449 tractors and 1,366
trailers, of which 146 and 389, respectively, were leased and the
remainder were owned.  The Company's transportation department
utilizes on-board electronic trip recorders to monitor travel
times and a sophisticated computerized routing system. 
Approximately 77% of store sales in 1993 represented inventories
supplied by these distribution centers, and the balance was
delivered directly to the stores by vendors.

Governmental Regulation

     Vons is subject to regulation by a variety of governmental
agencies, including the California Department of Alcoholic
Beverage Control, the California State Board of Pharmacy, the
California Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and state and
local health departments and weights and measures agencies.

     In connection with the Safeway Acquisition, Vons, Safeway
and certain other parties entered into a consent order (the
"Consent Order") with the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC")
whereby Vons divested three retail grocery stores and Safeway
divested nine retail grocery stores to competitors in Southern
California.  The Consent Order, among other things, also limits
for ten years the acquisition by Vons of existing supermarkets
from any other party in certain trade areas where both Vons and
Safeway operated stores prior to the Safeway Acquisition,
allowing a specified number of such acquisitions within any 12-
month period in some areas and prohibiting acquisitions in
others.

     In connection with the Williams Bros. acquisition, the
Company entered into a consent order with the FTC whereby the
Company divested one of the Williams Bros. store locations and
among other things, agreed to seek FTC approval before acquiring
any supermarket, or any interest in any company owning a
supermarket, in San Luis Obispo County over the next ten years.

Employees

     At January 2, 1994, Vons employed approximately 11,500 full-
time and 18,100 part-time employees as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Non-
                                Union       Union        Total
                                ------      ------      -------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>
Hourly..................        27,200         800       28,000
Salaried................            -        1,600        1,600
                                ------      ------      -------
Total Employees.........        27,200       2,400       29,600
                                ------      ------      -------
                                ------      ------      -------

</TABLE>

     The Company and other major supermarket chains bargain
collectively with their employees' unions through an organization
called the Food Employers Council (the "FEC").  In the fall of
1993, the Company through the FEC, renegotiated three-year
contracts with the United Food and Commercial Workers' and Meat
Cutters' unions.

     The master contract with the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters' union will expire in September 1994.

     Like its major competitors, pursuant to its collective
bargaining agreements, Vons contributes to various union
sponsored multi-employer pension plans.  Under pertinent law, a
participating employer which totally or partially withdraws from
a multi-employer pension plan could be liable for unfunded vested
benefits, which could be substantial.

Insurance

     Vons carries insurance customary in the supermarket industry
to protect the Company against catastrophic loss, including
earthquake insurance.  The Company is approved in both California
and Nevada to self-insure workers' compensation and general
liability exposures and maintains third-party insurance for loss
exposures in excess of self-insured retentions and deductibles.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

     Set forth below is certain information concerning the
executive officers of the Company:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Name                       Age        Position
- ----                       ---        --------
<S>                        <C>        <C>
Roger E. Stangeland        64         Chairman of the Board and
                                      Chief Executive Officer

Neill F. Crowley, III      51         Executive Vice President,
                                      Store Support
 
Michael F. Henn            45         Executive Vice President,
                                      Chief Financial Officer and
                                      Chief Administrative
                                      Officer

Peter M. Horn, III         55         Executive Vice President,
                                      Store Operations
 
Robert J. Kelly            49         Executive Vice President,
                                      Procurement and Marketing

Terrence J. Wallock        49         Executive Vice President,
                                      General Counsel and
                                      Secretary

</TABLE>

     Officers are elected annually and are subject to removal at
any time, with or without cause, by the Company's Board of
Directors, subject to all rights under employment contracts, if
any.

     Mr. Stangeland has been a Director, Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company for more than the last
five years.

     Mr. Crowley was appointed Executive Vice President, Store
Support of the Company in November 1993.  He was Executive Vice
President, Marketing and Distribution of the Company from May
1991 to November 1993.  From 1987 to 1991, Mr. Crowley was
President of Skaggs Alpha Beta in Texas.

     Mr. Henn has been Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since December 1987 and was
appointed Chief Administrative Officer of the Company in August
1991.

     Mr. Horn was appointed Executive Vice President, Store
Operations of the Company in November 1993.  He was Executive
Vice President of the Company from May 1991 to November 1993 and
continued as Vons Retail Business Unit General Manger, a position
he held since December 1987.  Mr. Horn was Senior Vice President
of the Company from July 1987 to May 1991.

     Mr. Kelly was appointed Executive Vice President,
Procurement and Marketing of the Company in November 1993.  He
was Executive Vice President, Buying and Merchandising of the
Company from May 1991 to November 1993.  Mr. Kelly was Senior
Vice President, Procurement of the Company from 1989 to May 1991.
He was Group Vice President of Pavilions/Pantry Stores from July
1987 to 1988.

     Mr. Wallock was appointed Executive Vice President and
General Counsel of the Company in November 1993 and continues in
the position of Secretary of the Company which he has held since
March 1991.  He was Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and
Security Officer of the Company from August 1991 to November
1993.  From March 1991 to August 1991, he was Senior Vice
President and General Counsel of the Company.  From 1977 to 1991,
Mr. Wallock served as counsel to Denny's Inc. rising to the
position of Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES

     As of January 2, 1994, Vons leased 258 of its stores and
owned 87 of its stores.  At January 2, 1994, 217 of Vons' leases
provided for contingent rental based on a percentage of sales
over specified amounts, which typically range from 1% to 1.5% of
total gross sales, less amounts expended for common area
maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance; the balance had no
percentage rent clauses.  Store leases have various expiration
dates through 2018. Renewal options range up to 40 years.  The
following table lists the number of such store leases for open
stores that are due to expire (assuming exercise of all renewal
options) in each of the specified periods:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Number of
              Calendar Years         Expiring Leases
              --------------         ---------------
              <S>                    <C>               
              1994-1998..........           5    
              1999-2003..........          17      
              2004-2008..........          24     
              2009-2013..........          28     
              2014-2018..........          22     
              2019 and thereafter         162

</TABLE>      

     The Company has a $116.7 million mortgage loan on 52
properties requiring monthly principal and interest payments of
approximately $1 million with a one-time payment of approximately
$111 million in July 1997.  The Company has other real estate
notes and mortgages covering eight properties totalling $16.1
million due in varying monthly installments with maturity dates
from 1994 to 2009.

     Vons' stores are usually located in active shopping centers
and generally have several co-tenants, which typically include a
drugstore; although the newer stores, which are usually food and
drug combination stores, tend to be in shopping centers without
drugstores.

     Vons owns distribution and manufacturing facilities in El
Monte, California, which are located on approximately 63 acres of
land.  The El Monte facilities include two warehouses with an
aggregate of 764,000 square feet and a meat grinding and cooking
facility, including a warehouse with an aggregate of 256,000
square feet.

     Vons leases distribution operations located in Santa Fe
Springs, California.  These distribution operations include
several warehouses and a transportation center.  The operations
cover approximately 1,040,000 square feet located on
approximately 78 acres of land.  The lease expires in 1995 with
three five-year and one one-year options to extend.

     Vons leases a 450,000-square-foot forward buy warehouse
located in the City of Industry.  The lease expires in 1996 with
two three-year options to extend.  A 95,000-square-foot frozen
food distribution facility is leased in Ontario, California.  The
lease expires in 1996 with four six-month options to extend. 
Vons leases one distribution facility and a forward buy warehouse
in San Diego, California.  The distribution facility is
approximately 365,000 square feet and the lease expires in 2002.
Vons has an operating agreement to use up to an aggregate of
210,000 square feet in the forward buy warehouse.

     Vons owns a 244,000-square-foot building in Arcadia,
California, used for its corporate administrative offices.

     The manufacturing operations consist of a fluid milk
processing facility, an ice cream plant and a bakery, all leased
and located in the City of Commerce, California.  The leases for
the fluid milk processing facility and ice cream plant expire in
1996 with two five-year options to extend.  The lease for the
bakery expires in 1997 with three five-year options to extend.

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     In addition to routine litigation incidental to the conduct
of its business, the Company has been named in a number of
lawsuits in state and Federal courts in Washington, Nevada, Idaho
and California arising from claims of food-borne illness that
allegedly was contracted from the consumption of hamburgers at
certain Jack-In-The-Box restaurants in early 1993.  The
restaurants involved were either directly operated by Jack-In-
The-Box, a division of Foodmaker, Inc. ("Foodmaker"), or through
franchisees.  The suits allege that the hamburger patties in
question were processed by the Company before being cooked and
served by a Jack-In-The-Box outlet.  The plaintiffs in these
actions seek unspecified damages for illnesses ranging from minor
diarrhea to serious kidney and intestinal infection.  Several
deaths are alleged to have resulted from the incidents and, in
those cases, the plaintiffs seek damages for wrongful death.  The
Company is insured against various losses, including those for
bodily injury.

     The Company also has been named as a defendant in a suit
filed on July 2, 1993, in the Superior Court of the State of
California for the County of San Diego, by franchisees of
Foodmaker who operate Jack-In-The-Box outlets in various states. 
Also named as defendants were Foodmaker and a number of meat
suppliers and slaughterhouses.  The complaint seeks an estimated
$100 million for lost profits and compensation for an alleged
reduction in the value of the franchisees' businesses, as well as
unspecified damages for alleged emotional distress.  On July 19,
1993, Foodmaker filed a cross-complaint against the Company and
subsequently voluntarily dismissed a separate action which it had
previously brought.  The cross-complaint asserts various tort and
contract theories and seeks, among other things, indemnity as
well as lost profits and compensation for a reduction in
Foodmaker's stock price.  Foodmaker's cross-complaint seeks
unspecified damages, although the Company has been advised that
Foodmaker may potentially claim damages of approximately $400
million, including the aforesaid claims of the franchisees.

     The Company is vigorously contesting the lawsuits against
it, and has filed its own cross-complaint against Foodmaker and
certain of its franchisees seeking damages in an amount
substantially higher than the amount of damages claimed by
Foodmaker.

     In addition to the cases discussed above, the Company, along
with the other major supermarket chains in Southern California,
has been named as a defendant in three nearly identical class
action lawsuits filed in late November and early December 1992 in
the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of
Los Angeles.  In these cases the plaintiffs allege claims for
antitrust violations, restraint of trade and false advertising in
connection with the pricing of fluid milk in Los Angeles County. 
They seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief.  The Company
intends to vigorously defend these cases.

     The Company believes that the above-described lawsuits are
unlikely to result in liability which would be material to the
consolidated financial position of the Company.

ITEM 4: SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     There were no matters submitted to the security holders of
the Company for a vote during the quarter ended January 2, 1994.

                             PART II

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
        SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

     Vons' common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE") (Symbol-VON).  The shares have been listed on the NYSE
since March 20, 1986.  As of March 14, 1994, there were
approximately 6,171 shareholders of record.  The table below sets
forth the high and low sales prices for Vons' common stock as
reported on the NYSE Composite Tape during the fiscal periods
specified:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                   52 Weeks Ended              53 Weeks Ended
                     January 2,                  January 3,
                        1994                        1993
                  -----------------           -----------------
                    High      Low               High      Low
                    ----      ---               ----      ---
<S>               <C>       <C>               <C>       <C>
1st quarter....   $26 3/8   $22 1/2           $29 1/8   $23 1/8
2nd quarter....    24 1/2    21                29        23 3/4
3rd quarter....    23 3/8    16 1/4            24 1/2    19 1/2
4th quarter....    18 7/8    15 3/8            27 7/8    22

</TABLE>

     The Company paid no dividends on its common stock in fiscal
years 1993, 1992, and 1991.  Management of the Company does not
expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  Certain
Company debt agreements restrict the Company from paying cash
dividends or making other distributions on stock under certain
circumstances.  Under its most restrictive debt agreement, the
Company had $46.0 million available for dividends and
distributions at January 2, 1994.  See "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -
Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Note 6 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contained in the Company's Annual Report to
Shareholders for the fiscal year ended January 2, 1994
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     See "Five-Year Selected Financial Data" contained in the
Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended
January 2, 1994 incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7:  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
         CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" contained in the Company's
Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended January
2, 1994 incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Financial statements and supplementary data as set forth in
Item 14(a) of Part IV of this document are incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
        ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
     None.
                             PART III

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 1994, where it
appears under the caption "Election of Directors."  The
information set forth under Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the
caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" is also
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 1994, where it
appears under the caption "Executive Compensation."

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
         MANAGEMENT

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 1994, where it
appears under the captions "Principal and Management
Shareholders."

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 1994, where it
appears under the caption "Executive Compensation - Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Certain
Transactions."

                          PART IV

ITEM 14: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
         FORM 8-K

     (a)  Exhibits and Financial Statements and Schedules

          (1)   Financial Statements

                  The following items contained in the Company's
                  Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal
                  year ended January 2, 1994 are incorporated by
                  reference into Part II of this report.
 
                                                    Pages in
                                                     Annual
                                                    Report to
                                                   Shareholders 
                                                   ------------

                  Financial Statements:

                    Consolidated Statements of 
                      Operations for the fiscal
                      years ended January 2, 1994,
                      January 3, 1993 and 
                      December 29, 1991............     20

                    Consolidated Balance Sheets as
                      of January 2, 1994 and 
                      January 3, 1993..............     21
 
                    Consolidated Statements of Cash
                      Flows for the fiscal years
                      ended January 2, 1994,
                      January 3, 1993 and 
                      December 29, 1991............     22

                    Consolidated Statements of 
                      Shareholders' Equity for the 
                      fiscal years ended January 2,
                      1994, January 3, 1993 and
                      December 29, 1991............     23

                    Notes to the Consolidated 
                      Financial Statements.........    24-34

                  Independent Auditors' Report.....     35

          (2)   Financial Statement Schedules

                                                     Pages in
                                                       this
                                                     Document
                                                     -------- 

                  Independent Auditors' Report.....     S-1

                  II  Amounts Receivable from
                      Related Parties and
                      Promoters, and Employees 
                      Other than Related Parties
                      for the fiscal years ended
                      January 2, 1994, January 3, 
                      1993 and December 29, 1991...     S-2

                   V  Property, Plant and 
                      Equipment for the fiscal
                      years ended January 2,
                      1994, January 3, 1993
                      and December 29, 1991........     S-3

                  VI  Accumulated Depreciation
                      and Amortization of 
                      Property, Plant and
                      Equipment for the fiscal 
                      years ended January 2,
                      1994, January 3, 1993 and
                      December 29, 1991............     S-4
 
                 VII  Guarantees of Securities of
                      Other Issuers as of
                      January 2, 1994..............     S-5

                VIII  Valuation and Qualifying
                      Accounts as of January 2,
                      1994 and January 3, 1993.....     S-6

                   X  Supplementary Income 
                      Statement Information for 
                      the fiscal years ended
                      January 2, 1994, January 3,
                      1993 and December 29, 1991...     S-7

                  Schedules other than those listed above are
                  omitted because of the absence of the
                  conditions under which they are required.

          (3)   Exhibits

                  See index to exhibits immediately following
                  page S-7.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

          No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter
            ended January 2, 1994.
<PAGE>

                           SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                       THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.
 
                               /S/  ROGER E. STANGELAND
                       By:     --------------------------------
                                    Roger E. Stangeland
                                    Chairman of the Board and
                                    Chief Executive Officer

                       Date:   March  29, 1994
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.

      Signature                       Title              Date
      ---------                       -----              ----

/S/ ROGER E. STANGELAND           Chairman of the  March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Board and Chief
    Roger E. Stangeland            Executive 
                                   Officer 
                                  Member-Board of
                                   Directors

/S/ MICHAEL F. HENN               Executive Vice  March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  President,
    Michael F. Henn                Chief Financial
                                   Officer and
                                   Chief 
                                   Administrative 
                                   Officer

/S/ PAMELA K. KNOUS               Vice President, March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Finance (Chief 
    Pamela K. Knous                Accounting
                                   Officer)

/S/ STEVEN A. BURD                Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Steven A. Burd

/S/ WILLIAM S. DAVILA             Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    William S. Davila

/S/ FRITZ L. DUDA                 Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Fritz L. Duda 

/S/ JAMES H. GREENE, JR.          Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    James H. Greene, Jr.

/S/ ROBERT I. MACDONNELL          Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Robert I. MacDonnell

/S/ PETER A. MAGOWAN              Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Peter A. Magowan

/S/ CHARLES E. RICKERSHAUSER, JR. Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Charles E. Rickershauser, Jr.

/S/ ELIZABETH A. SANDERS          Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    Elizabeth A. Sanders

/S/ WILLIAM Y. TAUSCHER           Member-Board of March 29, 1994
- ---------------------------------  Directors
    William Y. Tauscher

<PAGE>

[This page appears on KPMG Peat Marwick letterhead]




                   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


The Board of Directors
The Vons Companies, Inc.:

     Under date of February 15, 1994, we reported on the
consolidated balance sheets of The Vons Companies, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders'
equity, and cash flows for the fifty-two week period ended
January 2, 1994, the fifty-three week period ended January 3,
1993 and the fifty-two week period ended December 29, 1991, which
are included in the Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year
ended January 2, 1994.  These consolidated financial statements
and our report thereon are incorporated by reference in the
January 2, 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K.  In connection with
our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial
statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial
statement schedules in the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of
January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993 and for the fifty-two week
period ended January 2, 1994, the fifty-three week period ended
January 3, 1993 and the fifty-two week period ended December 29,
1991.  These consolidated financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statement schedules based on our audits.

     In our opinion, such schedules, when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly, in all material respects, the information set
forth therein.

     As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" in the fifty-three week period
ended January 3, 1993.


/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick

Los Angeles, California
February 15, 1994


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                     THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

      SCHEDULE II - AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES AND UNDERWRITERS,
               PROMOTERS, AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
 
             For the Fiscal Years Ended January 2, 1994, January 3, 1993,
                                and December 29, 1991

                               All amounts in millions of dollars

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Balance at
                                                                           End of Year
                                     Balance at                         ----------------
                                     Beginning                                    Non-
Name of Debtor                        of Year    Additions  Deductions  Current  current
- --------------                       ----------  ---------  ----------  -------  -------  
<S>                                  <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>      <C>
January 2, 1994:
  Charles E. Rickershauser, Jr. (1). $       .1  $      -   $       -   $    -   $    .1
January 3, 1993:                     $       -   $      .1  $       -   $    -   $    .1
  Charles E. Rickershauser, Jr. (1).
December 29, 1991 (2):                       -          -           -        -        -

<FN>
(1)  Amount represents notes secured by common stock.  The notes dated January 3, 1992 and
July 22, 1992 bear interest at the Federal mid-term rate in effect under Internal Revenue
Code Section 1274(d) each month.  For December 1993, this rate was 5.01%.  Both notes and
accrued interest are due December 31, 1997.

(2)  There was no activity.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                            THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                             SCHEDULE V-PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                   For the Fiscal Years Ended January 2, 1994, January 3, 1993,
                                        and December 29, 1991

                                  All amounts in millions of dollars

<CAPTION>
                                 Balance                                                     Balance
                                   at                                               Other       at
                  Principal     Beginning                                          Changes    End of
                Depreciation    of Fiscal  Additions  Retirements  Williams Bros.    Add      Fiscal
                  Rates (%)       Year      at Cost     or Sales   Acquisition(1)  (Deduct)    Year
               ---------------  ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
<S>            <C>              <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>       <C>
Fiscal 
 year 1993: 
 Land.......                    $   171.8  $    46.6  $        .1  $           -   $    1.7  $  220.0
 Buildings..        2-1/2           299.9       26.9          2.6              -        1.5     325.7
 Leasehold 
  Improve-
  ments.....   6-2/3 to 33-1/3      265.1       42.5          1.9              -       (3.4)    302.3
 Fixtures 
  and 
  Equipment.         10             514.9      152.9          9.9              -         .3     658.2
 Assets 
  under
  Capital
  Leases....   3-1/3 to 33-1/3       67.2       13.3          4.0              -        (.1)     76.4
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                $ 1,318.9  $   282.2  $      18.5  $           -   $     -   $1,582.6
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
 
Fiscal 
 year 1992: 
 Land.......                    $   143.5  $    16.7  $        -   $          7.5  $    4.1  $  171.8
 Buildings..     2-1/2              278.1       16.1           .1             6.7       (.9)    299.9
 Leasehold 
  Improve-
  ments..... 6-2/3 to 33-1/3        231.9       30.5           .6             4.4      (1.1)    265.1
 Fixtures
  and 
  Equipment.       10               372.0      154.3         15.5             6.2      (2.1)    514.9
 Assets 
  under
  Capital
  Leases.... 3-1/3 to 33-1/3         49.7       18.1           .6              -         -       67.2
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                $ 1,075.2  $   235.7  $      16.8  $         24.8  $     -   $1,318.9
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------

Fiscal
 year 1991:
 Land.......                    $   140.2  $     4.5  $       1.2  $           -   $     -   $  143.5
 Buildings..     2-1/2              255.9       22.3           .9              -         .8     278.1
 Leasehold 
  Improve-
  ments..... 6-2/3 to 33-1/3        217.8       14.9          1.3              -         .5     231.9
 Fixtures
  and 
  Equipment.       10               288.0      115.1         29.8              -       (1.3)    372.0
 Assets 
  under
  Capital 
  Leases.... 3-1/3 to 33-1/3         51.0         -           1.3              -         -       49.7
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                $   952.9  $   156.8  $      34.5  $           -   $     -   $1,075.2
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
                                ---------  ---------  -----------  --------------  --------  --------
<FN>

(1)  Assets acquired in connection with Williams Bros. acquisition.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                        THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

            SCHEDULE VI-ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF PROPERTY,
                                     PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

               For the Fiscal Years Ended January 2, 1994, January 3, 1993,
                                  and December 29, 1991

                            All amounts in millions of dollars

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                            Balance at                                        Balance at
                            Beginning   Charged to                  Other       End of
                            of Fiscal   Costs and   Retirements  Changes Add    Fiscal
                              Year       Expenses    or Sales     (Deduct)       Year
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
<S>                         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Fiscal year 1993:
 Buildings..............    $     35.4  $      8.8  $        .5  $       1.1  $     44.8
 Leasehold Improvements.          62.0        16.7           .4         (1.0)       77.3
 Fixtures and Equipment.         170.6        59.8          6.9          (.1)      223.4
 Assets under Capital 
   Leases...............          18.7         5.6          2.8           -         21.5
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            $    286.7  $     90.9  $      10.6  $        -   $    367.0
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------

Fiscal year 1992:
 Buildings......            $     27.4  $      8.0  $        -   $        -   $     35.4
 Leasehold Improvements.          47.8        14.7           .5           -         62.0
 Fixtures and Equipment.         137.3        48.9         15.6           -        170.6
 Assets under Capital 
   Leases...............          15.1         4.1           .5           -         18.7
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            $    227.6  $     75.7  $      16.6  $        -   $    286.7
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------

Fiscal year 1991:
 Buildings..............    $     21.7  $      7.8  $       1.8  $       (.3) $     27.4
 Leasehold Improvements.          34.2        14.0           .2          (.2)       47.8
 Fixtures and Equipment.         125.5        38.8         27.5           .5       137.3
 Assets under Capital
   Leases...............          11.8         4.0           .7           -         15.1
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            $    193.2  $     64.6  $      30.2  $        -   $    227.6
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
                            ----------  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                        THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  SCHEDULE VII-GUARANTEES OF SECURITIES OF OTHER ISSUERS

                                  As of January 2, 1994

                            All amounts in millions of dollars
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Nature of
 Issuer of                                                                   any Default
Securities                    Amount                Treasury of                  by
Guaranteed                 Guaranteed     Amount     Issuer of                Issuer of
    by          Title          and        Owned by  Securities   Nature of   Securities
Registrant     of Issue    Outstanding  Registrant  Guaranteed   Guarantee   Guaranteed
- -----------  ------------  -----------  ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------
<S>          <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
The Edmond   The           $       0.4     None         N/A      Guarantee       N/A
Industrial   Edmond                                                 of
Development  Industrial                                          principal    
Authority/   Development                                            and
T.G. & Y.    Authority,                                           interest
Stores Co.   T.G. & Y. 
Project      Stores Co.-   
             Warehouse 
             First
             Mortgage 
             Revenue 
             Bonds
             Series A

City of      Industrial    $       0.8     None         N/A      Guarantee       N/A
Kansas       Revenue                                                of
City,        Bonds Series                                        principal
Kansas/      July 1, 1974                                           and
T.G. & Y.                                                         interest
Stores
Co. Project
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                         THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  
                      SCHEDULE VIII-VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                         As of January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993
  
                             All amounts in millions of dollars

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Additions
                          Balance at  ----------------------                  Balance at
                          Beginning   Charged to  Changed to                    End of
                          of Fiscal   Costs and     Other                       Fiscal
    Description              Year      Expenses    Accounts   Deductions         Year
- ------------------------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------      ----------
<S>                       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>             <C>
Fiscal Year 1993:
  Restructuring Reserve   $       -   $     56.9  $       -   $      3.4 (1)  $     53.5

Fiscal Year 1992 (2):             -           -           -           -               -

<FN>
(1)  Represents amounts paid during fiscal year ended January 2, 1994.
(2)  There was no activity
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
             THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

        SCHEDULE X-SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
    For the Fiscal Years Ended January 2, 1994, January 3, 1993,
                         and December 29, 1991

                 All amounts in millions of dollars

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Charged to
Item                                    Costs and Expenses
- ----                                    ------------------
<S>                                     <C>
Advertising:

Fiscal Year 1992...................     $             62.4
                                        ------------------
                                        ------------------

Fiscal Year 1991...................     $             67.9
                                        ------------------
                                        ------------------

</TABLE>

Advertising for fiscal year 1993, maintenance and repairs,
depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, preoperating
costs and similar deferrals, taxes other than payroll and income
taxes, and royalties are omitted because the amounts do not
exceed one percent of total sales and revenues, as reported in
the related consolidated statements of operations.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

The following exhibits are filed as a separate section of this report:

Exhibit
  No.         Description of Exhibit            Sequentially Numbered Page
- -------       ----------------------            --------------------------
10.1.3    Amendment to Loan Agreement
          dated October 18, 1991, by 
          and among the Registrant, the
          banks named therein, and Bank
          of America, as Agent, dated
          March 11, 1993.

10.1.4    Amendment to Loan Agreement
          dated October 18, 1991 by and
          among the Registrant, the banks
          named therein, and Bank of
          America, as Agent, dated
          December 7, 1993.

10.2      Term Loan Agreement by and
          among the Registrant, the
          banks named therein, and
          Bank of America, as Agent,
          dated December 13, 1993.

10.12     Amendment 1994-1 to The Vons
          Companies, Inc. Pension Plan,
          dated March 23, 1994.

10.13     Termination Agreement by and
          among the Registrant, Warehouse
          Investment Partners and other
          parties named thereto dated
          December 15, 1993. 

13        Portions of the Annual Report
          to Shareholders for the
          fiscal year ended January 2,
          1994.

24        Independent Auditors' Consent.









                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.         Description of Exhibit            Sequentially Numbered Page
- -------       ----------------------            --------------------------

          Management Contracts or
          Compensatory Plans or
          Arrangements:

10.25       Letter Agreement dated 
            December 2, 1993 confirming
            employment and separation
            agreements between the 
            Registrant and Garrett R. 
            Nelson.

10.26       Settlement Agreement and Mutual
            Release between the Registrant
            and Dennis K. Eck, dated 
            October 29, 1993 as amended
            and supplemented.

10.27       The Vons Companies, Inc. 
            401(k) Wrap-Around Plan 
            effective October 18, 1993.

The following exhibits are incorporated herein by reference:

Exhibit
  No.         Description of Exhibit         Incorporated By Reference From
- -------       ----------------------         ------------------------------
3.1       Amended Restated Articles of       Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's
          Incorporation of the Registrant    Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          as amended on May 13, 1992.        fiscal year ended January 3,
                                             1993.

3.2       By-Laws of the Registrant as       Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's
          amended on November 28, 1990.      Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                                             fiscal year ended December 30,
                                             1990.

4.1       Indenture by and among the         Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's
          Registrant and Chemical Bank,      Statement No. 33-45430 on Form
          as Trustee, dated February 15,     S-3.
          1992.




                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.        Description of Exhibit          Incorporated By Reference From
- -------      ----------------------          ------------------------------
4.1.1     Officers' Certificate and Note     Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2 to
          regarding the 9-5/8% Senior        Registrant's Report on Form
          Subordinated Notes due April 1,    8-K dated March 17, 1992.
          2002.

4.1.2     Officers' Certificate and Note     Exhibits 4.1 and 4.3
          regarding the 8-3/8% Senior        to Registrant's Report on Form
          Subordinated Notes due             8-K dated September 24, 1992.
          October 1, 1999.

4.2       Indenture between Registrant       Exhibit 2 to Registrant's
          and National Bank of Detroit,      Report on Form 8-K dated
          as Trustee, dated May 15, 1986,    May 15, 1986.
          including form of 6-5/8% Senior
          Subordinated Debentures due
          1998 attached as Exhibit A
          thereto.

10.1      Loan Agreement by and among the    Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's
          Registrant, the banks named        Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          therein, and Security Pacific      fiscal year ended December 29,
          National Bank, as Agent, dated     1991.
          October 18, 1991.

10.1.1    Amendment to Loan Agreement        Exhibit 10.1.1 to Registrant's
          dated October 18, 1991, by and     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          among the Registrant, the banks    fiscal year ended January 3,
          named therein, and Bank of         1993.
          America, as Agent dated
          June 24, 1992.

10.1.2    Amendment to Loan Agreement        Exhibit 10.1.2 to Registrant's
          dated October 18, 1991, by and     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          among the Registrant, the banks    fiscal year ended January 3,
          named therein, and Bank of         1993.
          America, as Agent, dated
          December 16, 1992.

10.3      Agreement Not to Compete dated     Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's
          August 29, 1988, by and among      Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          the Registrant, Safeway            for quarter ended October 9,
          Southern California, Inc.,         1988.
          Safeway U.S. Holdings, Inc.,
          and Safeway Stores 
          Incorporated.


                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.        Description of Exhibit          Incorporated By Reference From
- -------      ----------------------          ------------------------------
10.3.1    Amendment to Agreement Not to      Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's
          Compete dated August 29, 1988,     Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          by and among the Registrant,       for quarter ended June 18,
          Safeway Southern California,       1989.
          Inc., Safeway U.S. Holdings,
          Inc., and Safeway Stores,
          Incorporated, dated April 17,
          1989.

10.3.2    Amendment to Agreement Not to      Exhibit 10.2.2 Registrant's
          Compete dated August 29, 1988,     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          by and among the Registrant,       fiscal year ended December 30,
          Safeway Southern California,       1990.
          Inc., Safeway U.S. Holdings,
          Inc., and Safeway Inc., dated
          December 21, 1990.

10.4      Metropolitan Life Insurance        Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant's
          Company loan to the Registrant     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          represented by Deed of Trust       fiscal year ended January 3,
          and Security Agreement             1988.
          Assignment of Rents and
          Fixture Filing dated July 22,
          1987 by and among the 
          Registrant, as Trustor,
          Ticor Title Insurance
          Company, as Trustee and 
          Metropolitan Life Insurance
          Company, as Beneficiary.

10.5      Standstill Agreement dated         Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant's
          December 3, 1987 by and among      Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the Registrant, Safeway            fiscal year ended January 3,
          Southern California, Inc.,         1988.
          Safeway Stores, Incorporated,
          Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & 
          Co., Safeway U.S. Holdings,
          Inc., and KKR Associates.

10.5.1    Amendment to Standstill            Exhibit 28.7 to Registrant's
          Agreement dated December 3,        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          1987 by and among the              for quarter ended June 18,
          Registrant, Safeway Stores,        1989.
          Incorporated and other parties
          thereto, dated April 5, 1989.


                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.        Description of Exhibit          Incorporated By Reference From
- -------      ----------------------          ------------------------------
10.5.2    Amendment to Standstill            Exhibit 10.13.2 to Registrant's
          Agreement dated December 3,        Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          1987 by and among the              fiscal year ended December 30,
          Registrant, Safeway Inc.,          1990.
          and other parties thereto,
          dated December 21, 1990.

10.6      Asset Purchase Agreement dated     Exhibit 2.2 to Registration
          March 20, 1987 between Allied      Statement No. 33-12886 on Form
          Supermarkets, Inc., and            S-4.
          Meadowdale Foods, Inc., as
          amended (without exhibits).

10.7      Amended and Restated               Exhibit B to Registrant's Proxy
          Acquisition Agreement and Plan     Statement for Annual Meeting of
          of Merger and Reorganization       Shareholders on November 10,
          dated December 3, 1987 by and      1988.
          among the Registrant, Safeway 
          Southern California, Inc., 
          Safeway Stores, Incorporated,
          Safeway Stores 23, Inc.,
          Safeway Stores 27, Inc.,
          Safeway Stores 29, Inc.,
          Safeway Stores 30, Inc., Vons
          Merger Sub 1, Inc., Vons Merger
          Sub 2, Inc., Vons Merger Sub 3,
          Inc., and Vons Merger Sub 4,
          Inc., (without exhibits or
          schedules).

10.8      Registration Rights Agreement      Exhibit 28.8 to Registrant's 
          with Roger Stangeland dated        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          April 7, 1989.                     for quarter ended March 26,
                                             1989.

10.9      Registration Rights Agreement      Exhibit 28.9 to Registrant's
          with Fritz Duda dated              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          April 7, 1989.                     for quarter ended March 26,
                                             1989.

10.10     Registration Rights Agreement      Exhibit 28.10 to Registrant's
          with William Tauscher dated        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
          April 7, 1989.                     for quarter ended March 26,
                                             1989.



                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.        Description of Exhibit          Incorporated By Reference From
- -------      ----------------------          ------------------------------
10.11     Asset Purchase Agreement           Exhibit 10.23 to Registrant's
          between the Registrant and         Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          Williams Bros. Markets,            fiscal year ended December 29,
          Inc., dated December 31,           1991.
          1991.

          Management Contracts or
          Compensatory Plans or Arrangements:

10.14       Management Stock Option Plan     Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's
            of the Registrant dated          Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            July 22, 1987.                   fiscal year ended January 3,
                                             1988.

10.15       1987 Deferred Income Plan        Exhibit 10.17 to Registrant's
            adopted April 1, 1987 on         Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            behalf of Registrant,            fiscal year ended January 3,
            including forms of               1988.
            Participation Agreements for
            Base Salary and Bonus Award.

10.16       1990 Stock Option and            Appendix A to Registrant's 
            Restricted Stock Plan dated      Proxy Statement for Annual
            January 24, 1990.                Meeting of Shareholders on  
                                             May 17, 1990.

10.16.1     Amendment dated February 17,     Exhibit 10.13.1 to Registrant's
            1993 to 1990 Stock Option        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
            and Restricted, Stock Plan       for the quarter ended March 28,
            dated January 24, 1990.          1993.

10.17       Directors' Stock Option Plan     Appendix A to Registrant's
            dated September 17, 1991.        Proxy Statement for Annual
                                             Meeting of Shareholders on 
                                             May 13, 1992.

10.18       Severance Agreement between      The Registrant's Proxy 
            the Registrant and Senior        Statement for Annual Meeting of
            Management and Key Employees     Shareholders on May 13, 1992,
            dated February 19, 1992.         where it appears under the 
                                             caption "Compensation through
                                             Plans - Severance Agreements."





                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
  No.        Description of Exhibit          Incorporated By Reference From
- -------      ----------------------          ------------------------------
10.19       Long-Term Incentive              The Registrant's Proxy
            Compensation Plan between the    Statement for Annual Meeting of
            Registrant and certain senior    Shareholders on May 13, 1992,
            executive officers dated         where it appears under the
            February 19, 1992.               caption "Compensation through 
                                             Plans - Long-Term Incentive
                                             Compensation Plan." 

10.20       Letter dated February 9, 1990    Exhibit 10.24 to Registrant's
            confirming employment            Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            arrangements between the         fiscal year ended December 29, 
            Registrant and Dennis K. Eck,    1991.
            as amended by a Letter
            Agreement dated March 17,
            1992 between the Registrant
            and Mr. Eck.

10.21       Letter dated April 25, 1991      Exhibit 10.25 to Registrant's
            confirming employment            Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            arrangements between the         fiscal year ended December 29,
            Registrant and Neill Crowley,    1991.
            as amended by a Letter
            Agreement dated March 17,
            1992 between the Registrant
            and Mr. Crowley.

10.22       1992 Supplemental Executive      Exhibit 10.19 to Registrant's
            Retirement Plan by and among     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            the Registrant and certain       fiscal year ended January 3,
            officers effective April 30,     1993.
            1992.

10.23       The Vons Companies, Inc.         Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant's
            Officer Short-Term Incentive     Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            Compensation Plan by and         fiscal year ended January 3,
            among the Registrant and         1993.
            certain officers.

10.24       Arrangement with Jack C.         Exhibit 10.21 to Registrant's
            Shewmaker for consulting         Annual Report on Form 10-K
            services.                        for fiscal year ended
                                             January 3, 1993.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1.3
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
      Exhibit 10.1.3 
                                Amendment No. 3
                                ---------------

      Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement dated as of October 18,
1991, as amended (the "Loan Agreement") among The Vons Companies, Inc., Bank
of America National Trust and Savings Association (as successor by merger to
Security Pacific National Bank), as Agent, and the Banks party thereto.  Terms
defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.

                                   RECITALS
                                   --------

A.    Borrower has advised the Banks that its consolidated financial
statements for the Fiscal Year ended January 3, 1993 will reflect non-cash
charges for the initial implementation of new accounting and reporting
standards for non pension post retirement benefits and for income taxes are
required by recent Statements Nos. 106 and 109 of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board.  Such consolidated financial statements will be delivered by
Borrower to the Banks in accordance with Section 7.1 of the Loan Agreement.
                                                 ---

B.  As contemplated by Section 1.3 of the Loan Agreement, Borrower, the
                               ---
Agent and the Banks desire to amend certain of the financial covenants
contained in the Loan Agreement to conform those covenants as criteria for
evaluating Borrower's financial condition to substantially the same criteria
as were effective prior to the application of such Financial Accounting
Standards.  It is intended that the amended financial covenants hereinafter
set forth apply to the financial condition of Borrower as measured by the
consolidated financial statements described above and to those hereafter
delivered by Borrower to the Banks pursuant to Section 7.1 of the Loan
                                                       ---
Agreement.

                                   AGREEMENT
                                   ---------
      Borrower, the Agent and the Banks hereby agree as follows:

  1.  Section 6.13.  Section 6.13 of the Loan Agreement is amended to read as
      ------------           ----
follows:

      "6.13  Leverage Ratio.  Permit the Leverage Ratio to be, at the end of
             --------------
      each Fiscal Quarter ending during each Fiscal Year set forth below,
      greater than the ratio set forth opposite that Fiscal Year:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      Fiscal Year ending
          on or about                            Ratio
      ------------------                         -----
      <S>                                        <C>   
      December 31, 1991                          4:00:1:00

      December 31, 1992                          4:00:1:00

      December 31, 1993
      and thereafter                             3.70:1:00"
</TABLE>

  2.  Section 6.14.  Section 6.14 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended to 
      ------------           ----
read as follows:


      "6.14  Minimum Shareholders' Equity.  Permit Shareholders' Equity to be,
             ----------------------------
      at the end of each Fiscal Quarter, less than the sum of (a) $335,000,000
                                                       ---
      plus (b) an amount equal to 75% of Consolidated Net Income for each
      ----
      Fiscal Quarter ending after June 16, 1991 (without reduction for any
      deficit Consolidated Net Income during any such Fiscal Quarter)."

  3.  Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts in
      ------------
accordance with Section 11.7 of the Loan Agreement.
                        ----

  4.  Confirmation.  In all other respects, the Loan Agreement is hereby
      ------------
confirmed.

  Dated as of March 11, 1993.

                              THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.



                              By  /s/ V. L. Miller
                                  -----------------------------------------

                                Its Vice President & Treasurer
                                    ---------------------------------------
                                [Printed Name and Title]

                              BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                               AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                               as Agent



                              By  /s/ David Price
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      David Price
                                  Its Vice President
                                     --------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                               AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ D. V. Arriola
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its Dennis V. Arriola, Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              NATIONSBANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, N.A.,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ W. B. Guffey
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      William B. Guffey  
                                  Its Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Suzanne L. Baird
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its Representative    
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]


                              CIBC, INC.,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Thomas C. Ludlow
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Thomas C. Ludlow
                                  Its Vice President
                                      ------------------------------------- 
                                  [Printed Name and Title]
                              
                              
                              CONTINENTAL BANK, N.A.,
                               as a Bank


                              By  /s/ Wyatt R. Ritchie
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its Wyatt R. Ritchie, Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              UNION BANK,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Ann M. Yasuda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its Ann M. Yasuda, Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              CITICORP USA, INC.,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Barbara A. Cohen
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Barbara A. Cohen
                                  Its Vice President   
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title] 

                              SOCIETE GENERALE,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Maureen Kelly
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its Vice President 
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title] 
                              
                              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ L. Gene Beube
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its SVP
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title] 

                              ABN AMRO BANK, N.V., Los Angeles
                              International Branch,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ J. A. Prouijs   /s/ David J. Stassel
                                      J. A. Prouijs
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                          David J. Stassel
                                  Its AVP                  Vice President  
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title] 

                              THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Dawn Lee Lum
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Dawn Lee Lum
                                  Its Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF CALIFORNIA,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ W. J. Baird
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its William J. Baird, Vice President
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              BANK OF HAWAII,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Cynthia L. Davis
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Its 
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

                              THE TOKAI BANK, LTD.
                              LOS ANGELES AGENCY,
                               as a Bank

                              By  /s/ Hitoshi Ozawa
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Hitoshi Ozawa 
                                  Its Assistant General Manager
                                      -------------------------------------
                                  [Printed Name and Title]

 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1.4
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
    Exhibit 10.1.4
                              AMENDMENT NO. 4
                              ---------------

     Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement dated as of October 18,
1991, as amended to date (the "Loan Agreement") among The Vons Companies,
Inc., the Banks therein named and Bank of America National Trust and Savings
Association (as successor by merger to Security Pacific National Bank), as
Agent. Terms defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein with the same
meanings.

                                   RECITALS
                                   --------

     A.     Section 6.9(e) of the Loan Agreement permits Borrower to incur
                    ------
Senior Medium Term Borrowings subject to (i) an absolute dollar limitation of
$100,000,00 on the amount thereof which may be outstanding at any time and
(ii) approval by the Agent of the documentation evidencing such Senior Medium
Term Borrowings.


     B.     Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association has offered
to provide, through a syndicate of banks, a $150,000,000 term credit facility
to Borrower to mature on January 31, 1996 (the "Proposed Credit Facility"),
which will constitute Senior Medium Term Borrowings and in which each of the
Banks will have the opportunity to participate.


     C.     Borrower has requested that Section 6.9(e) of the Loan Agreement
                                                ------
be amended to permit the Proposed Credit Facility.

            Borrower, the Agent and the Banks hereby agree as follows:


     1.     Section 1.1.  Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended
            -----------           ---
by striking the definition of "Reference Banks" therein contained and
substituting the following in place thereof:

            "'Reference Banks' mean Bank of America National Trust and Savings
            Association and such other two Banks as may from time to time be
            acceptable to the Agent and Borrower."

     2.     Section 6.9(e).  Section 6.9(e) of the Loan Agreement is hereby
            --------------           ------
amended by striking the figures "$100,000,000" in clause (i) thereof and
                                                          -
substituting in their place the figures "$150,000,000."


     3.     Approval by Agent.  The parties hereto hereby stipulate that the
            -----------------
execution by Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association of the
documentation evidencing the Proposed Credit Facility shall be considered
approval thereof by the Agent for purposes of Section 6.9(e).
                                                      ------


     4.     Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts in
            ------------
accordance with Section 11.7 of the Loan Agreement.
                        ----


     5.     Confirmation.  In all other respects, the Loan Agreement is hereby
            ------------
confirmed.


                        THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.


                        By  /s/ V. L. Miller
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                Virginia L. Miller
                           Its Vice President and Treasurer
                               ---------------------------------------------
                           [Printed Name and Title]


                        BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                         AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                         as Agent


                        By  /s/ D. M. Terrance
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                David M. Terrance 
                            Its Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]
<PAGE>

                        BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                         AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ D. V. Arriola
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                Dennis V. Arriola
                            Its Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Michele Shafroth
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its SVP
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Suzanne L. Baird  
                                Suzanne L. Baird
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Representative  
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        CIBC, INC.,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Thomas Ludlow
                                Thomas Ludlow
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Vice President  
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]
                          
                        CONTINENTAL BANK, N.A.,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Wyatt Ritchie
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Wyatt Ritchie, Vice President 
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

<PAGE>

                        UNION BANK,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Ann M. Yasuda
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Ann M. Yasuda, Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        CITICORP USA, INC.,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ W. P. Stengel
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                W. P. Stengel 
                            Its Vice President 
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title] 

                        SOCIETE GENERALE,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Maureen Kelly
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Vice President   
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title] 

                        THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CHICAGO,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ L. Gene Beube
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                L. Gene Beube
                            Its Senior Vice President  
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title] 
                              
                        ABN AMRO BANK, N.V., Los Angeles
                         International Branch,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ John Miller             /s/ David J. Stassel
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                                            David J. Stassel
                            Its Vice President                Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title] 


<PAGE>

                        THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Raymond G. Schuville
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                Raymond G. Schuville
                            Its Managing Director
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF CALIFORNIA,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Edwina G. Kew
                            ------------------------------------------------
                            Its Edwina G. Kew, Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        BANK OF HAWAII,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Cynthia L. Davis
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                Cynthia L. Davis
                            Its Vice President
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]

                        THE TOKAI BANK, LTD.
                        LOS ANGELES AGENCY,
                         as a Bank

                        By  /s/ Hitoshi Ozawa
                            ------------------------------------------------
                                Hitoshi Ozawa
                            Its Asst. General Manager
                                --------------------------------------------
                            [Printed Name and Title]




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

     Exhibit 10.2

                                                      EXECUTION

                      TERM LOAN AGREEMENT




                 Dated as of December 13, 1993




                             among




                   THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.




                    THE BANKS HEREIN NAMED




                              and




                        BANK OF AMERICA
            NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION,
                           as Agent

<PAGE>

                       TABLE OF CONTENTS
                       -----------------
                                                          Page
                                                          ----
Article 1.
               Definitions and Accounting Terms.............  1
               --------------------------------
     1.1  Certain Defined Terms.............................  1
          ---------------------
     1.2  Other Defined Terms...............................  8
          -------------------   
     1.3  Other Provisions..................................  8
          ----------------

Article 2.
                    Waivers and Amendments..................  8
                    ----------------------
     2.1  Notice of Proposed Amendment or Waiver............  8
          --------------------------------------
     2.2  Amendment or Waiver of the Syndicated Loan
          ------------------------------------------ 
            Agreement.......................................  8
            ---------

Article 3.
                             Loans..........................  9
                             -----
     3.1  Loans-General.....................................  9
          -------------
     3.2  Reference Rate Loans.............................. 10
          --------------------
     3.3  CD Rate Loans..................................... 11
          -------------
     3.4  Eurodollar Rate Loans............................. 11
          ---------------------
     3.5  Optional Termination of Commitment Upon
          ---------------------------------------
            Change in Control............................... 12
            -----------------
     3.6    Voluntary Reduction of the Commitment........... 12
            -------------------------------------
     3.7    Agent's Right to Assume Funds Available......... 12
            -------------------------------------

Article 4.
                        Payments; Fees...................... 12
                        --------------
     4.1  Principal and Interest............................ 12
          ----------------------
     4.2  Arrangement Fee................................... 14
          ---------------
     4.3  Participation Fee................................. 14
          ----------------- 
     4.4  Agency Fee........................................ 14
          ----------
     4.5  Increased Commitment Costs........................ 14
          --------------------------
     4.6  Eurodollar and CD Matters......................... 14
          -------------------------
     4.7  Late Payments..................................... 15
          -------------
     4.8  Miscellaneous Payment Matters..................... 15
          -----------------------------

Article 5.
                Representations and Warranties.............. 15
                ------------------------------
     5.1  Existence and Qualification; Power; 
          ----------------------------------
            Compliance with Law............................. 15
            -------------------
     5.2  Authority; Compliance with Other Instruments and
          ------------------------------------------------
            Government Regulations.......................... 15
            ----------------------
     5.3  No Governmental Approvals Required................ 16
          ----------------------------------
     5.4  Subsidiaries...................................... 16
          ------------
     5.5  Financial Statements.............................. 16
          --------------------
     5.6  No Other Liabilities; No Material Adverse Effect.. 17
          ------------------------------------------------
     5.7  Title to Assets................................... 17
          ---------------
     5.8  Intangible Assets................................. 17
          -----------------
     5.9  Existing Indebtedness and Contingent Obligations.. 17
          ------------------------------------------------
     5.10  Governmental Regulation.......................... 17
           -----------------------
     5.11  Litigation....................................... 17
           ----------
     5.12  Employee Matters................................. 17
           ----------------
     5.13  Binding Obligations.............................. 17
           -------------------
     5.14  No Default....................................... 18
           ----------
     5.15  Pension Plans.................................... 18
           -------------
     5.16  Tax Liability.................................... 18
           -------------
     5.17  Regulation U..................................... 18
           ------------

Article 6.
                     Affirmative Covenants
                     ---------------------
                  (Other Than Information And
                  ---------------------------
                    Reporting Requirements)................. 18
                    -----------------------
     6.1  Payment of Taxes and Other Potential Liens........ 18
          ------------------------------------------ 
     6.2  Preservation of Existence......................... 18
          -------------------------
     6.3  Maintenance of Properties......................... 19
          -------------------------
     6.4  Maintenance of Insurance.......................... 19
          ------------------------
     6.5  Compliance with Laws.............................. 19
          --------------------
     6.6  Inspection Rights................................. 19
          -----------------
     6.7  Keeping of Records and Books of Account........... 19
          ---------------------------------------
     6.8  Use of Proceeds................................... 19
          ---------------
     6.9  Subsidiary Guaranty............................... 19
          -------------------
     6.10  Maintenance of Borrower Net Assets............... 19
           ----------------------------------

Article 7.
                      Negative Covenants.................... 19
                      ------------------
Article 8.
            Information and Reporting Requirements.......... 20
            --------------------------------------
     8.1  Financial and Business Information................ 20
          ----------------------------------
     8.2  Compliance Certificate............................ 20
          ----------------------

Article 9.
                        Conditions.......................... 21
                        ----------
     9.1  Initial Advance................................... 21
          ---------------
     9.2  Any Advance....................................... 22
          -----------
         
Article 10.

     Events of Default and Remedies Upon Events of Default.. 22
     -----------------------------------------------------
     10.1  Events of Default................................ 22
           -----------------
     10.2  Remedies Upon Event of Default................... 24
           ------------------------------

Article 11.
                           The Agent........................ 25
                           ---------
     11.1  Agency Provisions................................ 25
           -----------------

Article 12.
                           Miscellaneous.................... 26
                           -------------
     12.1  Cumulative Remedies; No Waiver................... 26
           ------------------------------
     12.2  Amendments; Consents............................. 26
           --------------------
     12.3  Costs, Expenses and Taxes........................ 26
           -------------------------
     12.4  Other Miscellaneous Provisions................... 27
           ------------------------------
<PAGE>

Exhibits
- --------

     A    -    Commitment Assignment and Acceptance
     B    -    Compliance Certificate
     C    -    Note
     D    -    Opinion of Counsel
     E    -    Request for Loan
     F    -    Subsidiary Guaranty

Schedules
- ---------

     1.1  Pro Rata Shares of the Banks
     4.4  Subsidiaries
     4.7  Liens and Rights of Others
     4.9  Indebtedness

<PAGE>
                      TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
                      -------------------

                 Dated as of December 13, 1993

            This Term Loan Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and
between The Vons Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("Borrower"), Bank of
America National Trust and Savings Association, a national banking
association, and each other bank signatory hereto as set forth on the
signature pages of this Agreement and any Eligible Assignee which may
hereafter execute and deliver a Commitment Assignment and Acceptance that is
registered with the Agent pursuant to Section 11.8 of the Syndicated Loan
                                              ----
Agreement (as incorporated herein pursuant to Section 12.4) (collectively, the
                                                      ----
"Banks" and individually a "Bank"), and Bank of America National Trust and
Savings Association, as Agent, with reference to the following:

            A.    The Agent is the agent and one of the banks party to that
certain Loan Agreement dated as of October 18, 1991, as amended through the
date hereof (the "Syndicated Loan Agreement", defined with more particularity
below) by and among Borrower, Bank of America National Trust and Savings
Association (as successor by merger to Security Pacific National Bank), as
agent, and the Syndicate Banks referred to herein.

            B.    Borrower has requested that the Agent and Banks provide the
term credit facility described in this Agreement as Senior Medium Term
Borrowings (as such term is defined in the Syndicated Loan Agreement), subject
to the execution of an amendment to the Syndicated Loan Agreement changing the
maximum principal amount of Senior Medium Term Borrowings permitted
thereunder.

            C.    Borrower and the agent under the Syndicated Loan Agreement,
acting with the consent of the Syndicate Majority Banks (as defined herein)
have entered into the amendment of the Syndicated Loan Agreement referred to
above, and all of the Syndicate Banks have been afforded the opportunity to
participate in this Agreement.

            In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein
contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:

                           Article 1.
               Definitions and Accounting Terms
               --------------------------------

            1.1   Certain Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the
                  ---------------------
following terms shall have the meanings set forth respectively after each:

                  "Advance" means the advance to be made to
                   -------
                  Borrower by a Bank pursuant to Article 3.
                                                 ---------

                  "Agent" means Bank of America National Trust and
                   -----
                  Savings Association, as agent for the Banks
                  hereunder and under the other Loan Documents,
                  and each successor agent.

                  "Agent's Office" means the Agent's address as
                   --------------
                  set forth on the signature pages of this
                  Agreement, or such other office as the Agent may
                  designate in writing to the Borrower and the
                  Banks.

                  "Agreement" means this Term Loan Agreement,
                   ---------
                  either as originally executed or as it may from
                  time to time be supplemented, modified, amended,
                  renewed, extended or supplanted.

                  "Arranger" means BA Securities, Inc.
                   --------

                  "Assessment Rate" means, for each CD Rate Loan,
                   --------------- 
                  that percentage determined solely by the Agent,
                  representing the maximum annual assessment rate
                  incurred by any of the Reference Banks
                  (disregarding any offsetting amounts that may
                  be available to such Reference Banks to the
                  extent that such offsetting amounts arose out
                  of transactions other than those pursuant to
                  this Agreement) in providing insurance (through
                  the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or
                  any successor) for new nonpersonal time
                  deposits in effect at the commencement of the
                  applicable CD Period.

                  "Bank" means any of the banks signatory to this 
                   ----
                  Agreement, their successors and, upon the
                  effective date after registration with the Agent
                  of a Commitment Agreement and Acceptance
                  executed by an Eligible Assignee, such Eligible
                  Assignee.

                  "Bank of America" means Bank of America National
                   ---------------
                  Trust and Savings Association, its successors
                  and assigns.

                  "CD Base Rate" means, for each CD Rate Loan, an
                   ------------
                  annual rate, determined solely by the Agent, as
                  the average (rounded upward to the nearest 1/100
                  of 1%) of the bid (secondary) rates quoted to 
                  each Reference Bank by two recognized New York
                  certificate of deposit dealers, selected by each
                  Reference Bank, at or about 9:00 a.m.,
                  San Francisco time, on the first day of the
                  applicable CD Period for the purchase at face
                  value of certificates of deposit issued by the
                  Reference Banks for approximately the same
                  period as the applicable CD Period and in an
                  amount approximately equal to that CD Rate Loan.

                  "CD Rate" means, for each CD Rate Loan, that
                   -------
                  rate per annum, determined solely by the Agent,
                  pursuant to the following formula (with each
                  component expressed as a decimal and rounded
                  upward to the nearest 1/100 of 1%):
 
                  CD Base Rate
                  for that CD Rate Loan
                  --------------------- + Assessment Rate
                  1.00 - CD Reserve
                  Percentage

                  "CD Rate Loan" means a Loan made hereunder and
                   ------------ 
                  designated as a CD Rate Loan in accordance with
                  Section 3.1(c).
                          ------

                  "CD Rate Spread" means 11/16 of 1% (68.75 basis
                   --------------
                  points).

                  "CD Reserve Percentage" means, for each CD Rate
                   ---------------------
                  Loan, that percentage, determined solely by the
                  Agent, representing the maximum aggregate
                  incremental reserve, asset and/or special
                  deposit requirements of any of the Reference
                  Banks (disregarding any offsetting amounts that
                  may be available to such Reference Bank to
                  decrease such requirements to the extent that
                  such offsetting amounts arose under
                  transactions other than those pursuant to this
                  Agreement) under Regulation D and any other
                  applicable governmental regulation, with
                  respect to new nonpersonal time deposits for
                  approximately the same time period as the
                  applicable CD Period and in an aggregate amount
                  approximately equal to that CD Rate Loan.

                  "Closing Date" means the time and Banking Day on
                   ------------
                  which the conditions set forth in Section 9.1
                                                            ---
                  are satisfied or waived pursuant to Section
                  12.1.
                  ----

                  "Commitment" means, subject to Section 3.5,
                   ----------                            ---
                   $150,000,000.00.

                  "Commitment Assignment and Acceptance" means a
                   ------------------------------------
                  Commitment Assignment and Acceptance executed by
                  a Bank and an Eligible Assignee substantially in
                  the form of Exhibit A and registered with the
                              ---------
                  Agent.

                  "Compliance Certificate" means a compliance
                   ----------------------
                  certificate in the form of Exhibit B signed, on
                                             ---------
                  behalf of Borrower, by a Senior Officer of
                  Borrower.

                  "Default Rate" means the interest rate described
                   ------------
                  in Section 4.7.
                             ---

                  "Designated Eurodollar Market" means, for any
                   ----------------------------
                  Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Eurodollar Market(s)
                  designated solely by each of the Reference Banks
                  to be the appropriate Eurodollar Market for that
                  Eurodollar Rate Loan.

                  "Designated Eurodollar Market Day" means any
                   --------------------------------
                  Banking Day on which the Reference Banks accept
                  deposits in the Designated Eurodollar Market.

                  "Determined solely by the Agent" means, with
                   ------------------------------
                  respect to any calculation relating to interest,
                  fees or other charges under this Agreement, a
                  calculation made solely by the Agent using a
                  method that is commonly used by the Agent and
                  other banks in performing similar calculations
                  in similar transactions, which method may not
                  necessarily be that which yields the most
                  favorable result to Borrower.

                  "Eurodollar Rate" means, for each Eurodollar Rate
                   ---------------
                  Loan, an annual rate, determined solely by the
                  Agent, consisting of the average (rounded upward
                  to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) of the rates offered
                  to each Reference Bank by prime banks for
                  deposits of immediately available Dollars in the
                  Designated Eurodollar Market at or about 11:00
                  a.m., local time in the Designated Eurodollar
                  Market, on the day two Designated Eurodollar
                  Market Days preceding the first day of the
                  applicable Eurodollar Period for approximately
                  the same time period as the applicable Eurodollar
                  Period and in an amount approximately equal to
                  that Eurodollar Rate Loan.

                  "Eurodollar Rate Loan" means a Loan made
                   --------------------  
                  hereunder and designated as a Eurodollar Rate
                  Loan in accordance with Section 3.1(c).
                                                  ------

                  "Eurodollar Rate Spread" means 9/16 of 1% (56.25
                   ----------------------
                  basis points).

                  "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" means, for each
                   ----------------------------- 
                  Eurodollar Rate Loan, that percentage, determined
                  solely by the Agent, representing the maximum
                  aggregate incremental reserve requirements of any
                  of the Reference Banks (disregarding any
                  offsetting amounts that may be available to such
                  Reference Bank to decrease such requirements to
                  the extent that such offsetting amounts arose
                  under transactions other than those pursuant to
                  this Agreement) under Regulation D and any other
                  applicable governmental regulations, with respect
                  to eurocurrency obligations (as defined in
                  Regulation D) for approximately the same time
                  period as the applicable Eurodollar Period and in
                  an aggregate amount approximately equal to that
                  Eurodollar Rate Loan.

                  "Event of Default" has the meaning set forth for
                   ----------------
                  such term in Section 10.1.
                                       ----

                  "Incorporated Provisions" means the terms of
                   -----------------------
                  Syndicated Loan Agreement Sections 1.1 (to the
                                                     ---
                  extent that the definitions set forth therein are
                  incorporated herein by reference), 1.2 through
                                                     ---
                  1.7, 2.12, 3.8 through 3.12, 3.14 through 3.22,
                  ---  ----  ---         ----  ----         ----
                  4.1, 4.4, 4.7 through 4.12, 4.15, 4.16, 4.17, 5.1
                  ---  ---  ---         ----  ----  ----  ----  ---
                  through 5.5, 5.7, 5.10, 6.1 through 6.21, 7.1(a)
                          ---  ---  ----  ---         ----  ------
                  through 7.1(i), 9.1(g), 9.1(i), 9.1(j), (9.1(k),
                          ------  ------  ------  ------  -------
                  9.1(m), 9.2(c), 9.2(d), 10.1 through 10.8, 11.1,
                  ------  ------  ------  ----         ----  ----
                  11.2, and 11.4 through 11.24 and, to the extent
                  ----      ----         -----
                  used in any such Section, the definitions set
                  forth in Section 1.1 of this Agreement.
                                   ---

                  "Interest Period" means, as applicable, a CD
                   ---------------
                  Period or a Eurodollar Period.

                  "Loan" means the group of Advances made on the
                   ----
                  Closing Date by the Banks.

                  "Loan Documents" means, collectively, this
                   --------------
                  Agreement, the Notes, the Subsidiary Guaranty
                  and any other agreement or instrument that may
                  hereafter be executed and delivered by Borrower
                  or a Subsidiary of Borrower in favor of the
                  Agent or the Banks relating to or in furtherance
                  of this Agreement.

                  "Maturity Date" means January 31, 1996.
                   -------------

                  "Note" means any of the promissory notes issued
                   ----
                  by Borrower to each Bank evidencing the Advance
                  by that Bank under the Commitment substantially
                  in the form of Exhibit C, either as originally
                                 ---------
                  executed or the same may from time to time be
                  supplemented, modified, amended, renewed,
                  extended or supplanted.

                  "Obligations" means all present and future
                   -----------
                  obligations of every kind or nature of Borrower
                  or any Party at any time and from time to time
                  owed to Agent or the Banks under any one or more
                  of the Loan Documents, whether due or to become
                  due, matured or unmatured, liquidated or
                  unliquidated, or contingent or noncontingent,
                  including obligations of performance as well as
                  ---------
                  obligations of payment, and including interest
                                              ---------
                  that accrues after the commencement of any
                  proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law by or
                  against Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower.

                  "Opinion of Counsel" means the favorable written
                   ------------------
                  legal opinion of Terrence J. Wallock, Esq.,
                  general counsel to Borrower, substantially in
                  the form of Exhibit D, together with copies of
                              ---------
                  all factual certificates and legal opinions upon
                  which such counsel has relied.

                  "Projections" means the financial projections
                   -----------
                  dated October 29, 1993 heretofore furnished by
                  Borrower (through the Agent) to the Banks.

                  "Pro-Rata Share" means, with respect to each
                   --------------
                  Bank, the percentage set forth opposite the name
                  of that Bank on Schedule 1.1.
                                  ------------

                  "Reference Banks" means Bank of America and such
                   ---------------
                   other two Banks as may from time to time be
                   mutually acceptable to the Agent and Borrower.

                  "Reference Rate" means the rate of interest
                   --------------
                  publicly announced from time to time by Bank of
                  America in San Francisco, California, as its
                  "Reference Rate."  The Reference Rate is a rate
                  set by Bank of America based upon various
                  factors, including the Bank of America's costs
                  and desired return, general economic conditions
                  and other factors, and is used as a reference
                  point for pricing some loans.  Bank of America
                  may price loans at, above or below the Reference
                  Rate.  Any change in the Reference Rate shall
                  take effect on the day specified in the public
                  announcement of such change.

                  "Reference Rate Loan" means a Loan made
                   -------------------
                  hereunder and designated as a Reference Rate
                  Loan in accordance with Section 3.1(c).
                                                  ------

                  "Request for Loan" means a request for a Loan
                   ----------------
                  signed by a Responsible Official of Borrower,
                  substantially in the form of Exhibit E.
                                               ---------

                  "Subsidiary Guaranty" means the guaranty of the
                   -------------------
                  Obligations executed by each wholly-owned
                  Significant Subsidiary of Borrower substantially
                  in the form of Exhibit F, either as originally
                                 ---------
                  executed or as the same may from time to time be
                  supplemented, modified, amended, renewed,
                  extended or supplanted.

                  "Syndicated Loan Agreement" means that certain
                   -------------------------
                  Loan Agreement dated as of October 18, 1991
                  among Borrower, Bank of America National Trust
                  and Savings Association (as successor by merger
                  to Security Pacific National Bank), as agent,
                  and the banks party thereto, as the same has
                  heretofore been amended, and subject to Section
                  2.2 as the same may hereafter be amended from
                  ---
                  time to time.  Subject to Section 2.2, in the
                                                    ---
                  event that the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                  terminated, then the provisions thereof that are
                  incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed
                  to be such provisions as in effect immediately
                  prior to such termination.

                  "Syndicate Banks" means each of the banks under
                   ---------------
                  the Syndicated Loan Agreement.

                  "Syndicate Majority Banks" means the "Majority
                   ------------------------
                  Banks" under and as defined in the Syndicated
                  Loan Agreement.

                  "Term Majority Banks" means, as of any date of
                   -------------------
                  determination, Banks under this Agreement whose
                  Notes evidence more than 50% of the aggregate
                  Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes.

                  "Type" means, when modifying a Loan, a Reference
                   ----
                  Rate Loan, a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a CD Rate
                  Loan.

            1.2   Other Defined Terms.  Except for the defined
                  -------------------   ------
terms set forth in Section 1.1, terms defined in the Syndicated Loan
                           ---
Agreement are used herein with the same meanings.

            1.3   Other Provisions.  Sections 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5,
                  ----------------            ---  ---  ---  ---
1.6, and 1.7 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by
- ---      ---
this reference.

                          Article 2.
                    Waivers and Amendments
                    ----------------------

            2.1   Notice of Proposed Amendment or Waiver.  In the event
                  --------------------------------------
that any amendment to the Incorporated Provisions is proposed or requested,
Borrower shall concurrently furnish to the Agent and each Bank which is not a
Syndicate Bank a copy of such proposal or request together with all written
materials provided to all or substantially all of the Syndicate Banks
connection therewith.  In the event that Borrower makes such a proposal or
request, or provides information to the Syndicate Banks in connection with
such a proposal or request at any meeting of the Syndicate Banks, it shall
either, at the option of Borrower (a) provide each of the Banks which are not
Syndicate Banks with the opportunity to attend and participate in such meeting
of the Syndicate Banks (provided that such Banks shall be entitled to attend
                        --------
only so long as a representative of Borrower is present) or (b) provide such
Banks with the opportunity at a reasonably coincidental time to meet 
separately with substantially the same representatives of Borrower and receive
substantially the same information. 

            2.2   Amendment or Waiver of the Syndicated Loan Agreement. 
                  ----------------------------------------------------
Provided that (a) Borrower has complied in all material respects with Section
9.1 and (b) Borrower delivers to the Agent an Officer's Certificate stating
- ---
that an amendment or waiver to an Incorporated Provision has been adopted by
the Syndicate Banks in the form attached to such Officer's Certificate, the
Agent and the Banks agree that concurrently with the delivery of such an
Officer's Certificate, such Incorporated Provision shall be deemed to have
been similarly amended or waived, mutatis mutandis effective as of the
                                  ------- --------
same date, provided that, in the event that the agent under the Syndicated 
           --------
Loan Agreement or the Syndicate Banks receive any consideration in exchange
for any such amendment or waiver, the Agent and the Banks shall concurrently
receive similar consideration which in any event (a) in the case of any fee,
shall be an amount which is proportionately equal to the proportion that the
Commitments bear to the commitments under the Syndicated Loan Agreement, (b)
in the case of any increase to the "CD Rate Spread," "Eurodollar Rate Spread,"
"Prime Rate Spread" then in effect under the Syndicated Loan Agreement, shall
be proportionately equal to the percentage increase in such spread components,
and (c) in the case of any collateral or guarantees, shall be extended to the
Agent and the Banks on a pari passu basis.  Promptly following any such
                         ---- -----
amendment or waiver of the Incorporated Provisions, the Agent shall deliver a
notice to the Borrower and the Banks of such amendment or waiver.  Nothing set
forth in this Section shall cause the amendment or waiver of any Section of
this Agreement other than the Incorporated Provisions, merely by reason of an
               ----- ----
amendment or waiver of any similar Section of the Syndicated Loan Agreement,
unless such amendment or waiver is agreed to by the Banks in accordance with
Section 12.2 of this Agreement.
        ----

                          Article 3.
                            Loans
                            -----

            3.1   Loans-General.
                  -------------

                  (a)   Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, on the Closing Date each Bank shall, pro rata according to that
Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Commitment, make an Advance to Borrower under the
Commitment in such amount as Borrower may request; provided that, giving
                                                   --------
effect to such Advance, the aggregate principal Indebtedness evidenced by the
Notes will not exceed the Commitment.

                  (b)   Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, at any time and from time to time from the Closing Date through and
including the Banking Day immediately prior to the Maturity Date, each Bank
shall, pro rata according to that Bank's Pro Rata Share of the Commitment,
make Advances to Borrower under the Commitment in such amounts as Borrower may
request that do not result in any increase in the outstanding principal
Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes.  Advances deemed made under this Section
3.1(b) are solely for the purpose of effecting a change from one Type of Loan
- ------
to another Loan of the same or any different Type.

                  (c)   Subject to the next sentence, each Loan shall be made
pursuant to a Request for Loan which shall specify the requested (i) date of
such Loan, (ii) type of Loan, (iii) amount of such Loan, and (iv) Interest
Period for such Loan, if the same is to be a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a CD Rate
Loan.  Unless the Agent has notified, in its sole and absolute discretion,
Borrower to the contrary, a Loan may be requested by telephone, telecopier or
telex by a Responsible Official of Borrower, in which case Borrower shall
confirm such request by promptly mailing a Request for Loan conforming to the
preceding sentence to the Agent.

                  (d)   Promptly following receipt of the Request for Loan 
under Section 3.1(a), the Agent shall notify each Bank by telephone,
              ------
telecopier or telex of the amount and type of the Loan and that Bank's Pro
Rata Share of the Loan.  Not later than 11:00 a.m. San Francisco time on the
date specified for the Loan, each Bank shall make its portion of the Loan in
immediately available funds available to the Agent at the Agent's Office. 
Upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article 9, the Loan
                                                           ---------
shall be wire transferred or credited in immediately available funds to such
demand deposit bank account of Borrower as Borrower may designate in writing
to the Agent.

                  (e)   The principal amount of each Loan shall be not less
than $20,000,000 and shall be an integral multiple of $10,000,000.

                  (f)   The Advances made by each Bank under the Commitment
shall be evidenced by its Note.

                  (g)   A Request for Loan shall be irrevocable upon the
Agent's first notification thereof.

                  (h)   If no Request for Loan (or telephonic or other request
for loan referred to in the second sentence of Section 3.1(c), if applicable)
                                                       ------
has been made within the requisite notice periods set forth in Sections 3.2,
                                                                        ---
3.3 or 3.4 in connection with a Loan which, if made, would not increase the
- ---    ---
outstanding principal Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes, then Borrower shall
be deemed to have requested a Reference Rate Loan in an amount equal to the
amount necessary to cause the outstanding principal Indebtedness evidenced by
the Notes to remain the same and, subject to Section 9.2, the Banks shall make
                                                     ---
the Advances necessary to make such Loan notwithstanding Sections 3.1(c) and
                                                                  ------ 
3.2.
- ---

            3.2   Reference Rate Loans.  Each request by Borrower for
                  --------------------
a Reference Rate Loan shall be made pursuant to a Request for Loan (or
telephonic or other request for loan referred to in the second sentence of
Section 3.1(c), if applicable) received by the Agent, at the Agent's
        ------
Office, not later than 10:00 a.m. San Francisco time, on the Banking Day
specified for the making of the Reference Rate Loan.  All Loans shall
constitute Reference Rate Loans unless properly designated as CD Rate Loans or
Eurodollar Rate Loans pursuant to Sections 3.3 or 3.4.
                                           ---    ---

            3.3   CD Rate Loans.
                  -------------

                  (a)   Each request by Borrower for a CD Rate Loan shall be
made pursuant to a Request for Loan (or telephonic or other request for loan
referred to in the second sentence of Section 3.1(c), if applicable)
                                              ------
received by the Agent, at the Agent's Office, not later than 10:00 a.m.,
San Francisco time, at least two (2) New York Days before the first day of the
applicable CD Period.

                  (b)   At or about 9:00 a.m., San Francisco time, on the
first day of the applicable CD Period, the Agent shall determine the
applicable CD Rate (which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error) and promptly shall give notice of the same to the Banks and
Borrower by telephone or telecopier.

                  (c)   Unless the Term Majority Banks otherwise consent no CD
Rate Loan may be requested during the continuance of a Default or Event of
Default.

                  (d)   Nothing contained herein shall require the Banks to
fund any Advance pertaining to a CD Rate Loan by acceptance of a nonpersonal
time deposit or issuance of a certificate of deposit.

            3.4   Eurodollar Rate Loans.
                  ---------------------

                  (a)   Each request by Borrower for a Eurodollar Rate Loan
shall be made pursuant to a Request for Loan (or telephonic or other request
for loan referred to in the second sentence of Section 3.1(c), if applicable)
                                                       ------
received by the Agent, at the Agent's Office, not later than 10:00 a.m.,
San Francisco time, at least three (3) Designated Eurodollar Market Days
before the first day of the applicable Eurodollar Period.

                  (b)   At or about 9:00 a.m., San Francisco time, two (2)
Designated Eurodollar Market Days before the first day of the applicable
Eurodollar Period, the Agent shall determine the applicable Eurodollar Rate
(which determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error) and
promptly shall give notice of the same to the Banks and Borrower by telephone
or telecopier.

                  (c)   Unless the Term Majority Banks otherwise consent no
Eurodollar Rate Loan may be requested during the continuance of a Default
or Event of Default.

                  (d)   Nothing contained herein shall require the Banks to
fund any Advance pertaining to a Eurodollar Rate Loan in the Designated
Eurodollar Market.

            3.5   Optional Termination of Commitment Upon Change in
                  -------------------------------------------------
Control.  If following the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Synidicate
- -------
Majority Banks exercise their right pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Syndicated
                                                        ----
Loan Agreement to reduce or to terminate all or a portion of any of
the commitments under the Syndicated Loan Agreement, then the Term Majority
Banks shall have the right, upon at least five (5) Banking Days' prior written
notice to Borrower, to (i) terminate the Commitments, in the case of the
termination of the commitments under the Syndicated Loan Agreement or (ii)
ratably reduce the Commitments, in the case of the reduction of the
commitments under the Syndicated Loan Agreement.  The rights of the Term
Majority Banks under this Section shall be exercised during the period ending
on the later of (i) the date which is sixty (60) days following such Change in
Control and (ii) the date which is five (5) Banking Days's following the
exercise by the Syndicate Majority Banks of their rights under Section 2.11 of
                                                                       ----
the Syndicated Loan Agreement.  Borrower covenants that it will notify the
Agent in writing promptly after it obtains knowledge of a Change in
Control or the exercise by the Syndicated Majority Banks of their rights under
Section 2.11 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement.
        ----

            3.6   Voluntary Reduction of the Commitment.  Borrower shall
                  -------------------------------------
have the right, at any time and from time to time, without penalty or charge,
upon at least three (3) Banking Day's prior written notice to the Agent,
voluntarily to reduce, permanently and irrevocably, in aggregate amounts in an
integral multiple of $5,000,000, or to terminate, all or a portion of the
Commitment.

            3.7   Agent's Right to Assume Funds Available.  Section 2.12 of
                  ---------------------------------------           ----
the Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

                                  Article 4.
                               Payments; Fees
                               --------------

            4.1   Principal and Interest.
                  ----------------------

                  (a)   Interest shall be payable on the outstanding daily
unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date thereof until payment in
full and shall accrue and be payable at the rates set forth herein, before and
after default, before and after maturity, before and after any judgment, and
before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief
Law, with interest on overdue interest to bear interest at the Default Rate to
the extent permitted by applicable Laws.

                  (b)   Interest accrued on each Reference Rate Loan shall
be due and payable on each Quarterly Payment Date.  Except as otherwise
                                                    ------
provided in Section 4.7, the unpaid principal amount of any Reference Rate
                    ---
Loan shall bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the
Reference Rate.  Each change in the interest rate hereunder shall take effect
simultaneously with the corresponding change in the Reference Rate.

                  (c)   Interest accrued on each CD Rate Loan which is for a
term of 90 days or less shall be due and payable on the last day of the
related CD Period.  Interest accrued on each other CD Rate Loan shall be due
and payable on the date which is 90 days after the date such CD Rate Loan was
made and on the last day of the related CD Period.  Except as otherwise
                                                    ------
provided in Section 4.7, the unpaid principal amount of any CD Rate Loan shall
                    ---
bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the CD Rate for that CD Rate Loan
plus the CD Rate Spread.
- ----

                  (d)   Interest accrued on each Eurodollar Rate Loan which is
for a term of three months or less shall be due and payable on the last day of
the related Eurodollar Period.  Interest accrued on each other Eurodollar Rate
Loan shall be due and payable on the date which is three months after the date
such Eurodollar Rate Loan was made and on the last day of the related
Eurodollar Period. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.7, the unpaid
                                                           ---
principal amount of any Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest at a rate per
annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for that Eurodollar Rate Loan plus the
                                                                 ----
Eurodollar Rate Spread.

                  (e)   If not sooner paid, the principal Indebtedness
evidenced by the Notes shall be payable as follows:

            (i)   the principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan and CD
                  Rate Loan shall be payable on the last day of the
                  Interest Period for such Loan;

           (ii)   the principal Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes shall
                  be immediately payable in Cash, to the extent that the
                  principal Indebtedness evidenced by the Note exceeds at
                  any time the Commitment as then in effect; and 

          (iii)   the principal Indebtedness evidenced by the Notes shall
                  in any event be payable in Cash on the Maturity Date.

                  (f) The Notes may, at any time and from time to time,
voluntarily be prepaid at the election of Borrower in whole or in part without
premium or penalty; provided that: (i) any partial prepayment of a Reference
                    --------
Rate Loan, CD Rate Loan or Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be in an amount not less
than $20,000,000 which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000, (ii) the Agent
must have received written notice (or telephonic notice confirmed promptly in
writing) of any prepayment at least one Banking Day before the date of
prepayment in the case of Reference Rate Loans, two Banking Days before the
date of prepayment in the case of CD Rate Loans and three Banking Days before
the date of prepayment in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (iii) each
prepayment of principal, except for partial prepayments on Reference Rate
Loans, shall be accompanied by prepayment of interest accrued through the date
of payment on the amount of principal paid and (iv) in the case of any
prepayment of any CD Rate Loan or Eurodollar Rate Loan, Borrower shall
promptly upon demand reimburse the Banks for any loss or cost directly or
indirectly resulting from the prepayment, determined as set forth in
Section 4.6.
        ---

            4.2   Arrangement Fee.  On the Closing Date, Borrower
                  ---------------
shall pay to the Agent, for the account of the Arranger, the arrangement fee
described in a letter agreement between Borrower and Arranger.  The
arrangement fee is solely for the account of the Arranger and is not
refundable.

            4.3   Participation Fee.  On the Closing Date, Borrower
                  -----------------
shall pay to the Agent, for the account of the Banks according to their Pro
Rata  Share of the Commitment, a participation fee equal to 1/8 of 1% (12.5
basis  points) of the Commitment.  Such participation fee is for the provision
by the Banks of the credit facilities under this Agreement and is not
refundable.

            4.4   Agency Fee.  On the Closing Date, and on each anniversary
                  ----------
thereof, Borrower shall pay to the Agent the agency fee described in a letter
agreement between Borrower and Agent.  The agency fee is solely for the
account of the Agent and is not refundable.

            4.5   Increased Commitment Costs.  Section 3.8 of the
                  --------------------------           ---
Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis
                                                                    -------
mutandis.
- --------
 
            4.6   Eurodollar and CD Matters.  Sections 3.9, 3.10, 3.11 and
                  -------------------------            ---  ----  ----
3.12 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by this
- ----
reference, mutatis mutandis.
           ------- --------

            4.7   Late Payments.  Should any installment of principal or
                  -------------
interest under the Notes or any other amount payable under any Loan Document
not be paid when due, it shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating
interest rate per annum at all times equal to the sum of the Reference Rate
plus 2%, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, until paid in full
- ----
(whether before or after judgment).

            4.8   Miscellaneous Payment Matters.  Sections 3.14, 3.15,
                  -----------------------------            ----  ----
3.16, 3.17, 3.18, 3.19, 3.20, 3.21 and 3.22 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement
- ----  ----  ----  ----  ----  ----     ----
are incorporated herein by this reference.

                                 Article 5.
                       Representations and Warranties
                       ------------------------------

            Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Banks that:

            5.1   Existence and Qualification; Power; Compliance with Law. 
                  -------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.1 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this
        ---
reference.

            5.2   Authority; Compliance with Other Instruments and
                  ------------------------------------------------
Government Regulations.  The execution, delivery, and performance by
- ----------------------
Borrower, and by each Subsidiary of Borrower, of the Loan Documents to which
it is a Party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and
do not:

                  (a)   require any consent or approval not heretofore
                  obtained of any stockholder, partner, security holder, or
                  creditor of such Party;

                  (b)   violate or conflict with any provision of such
                  Party's charter, certificate, articles of incorporation
                  or bylaws;

                  (c)   result in or require the creation or imposition of
                  any Lien or Right of Others upon or with respect to any
                  Property now owned or leased or hereafter acquired by
                  such Party;

                  (d)   constitute a "transfer of an interest" or an
                  "obligation incurred" that is avoidable by a trustee
                  under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as
                  amended, or constitutes a "fraudulent transfer" or
                  "fraudulent obligation" within the meaning of the Uniform
                  Fraudulent Transfer Act as enacted in any jurisdiction or
                  any analogous Law; 

                  (e)   violate any Requirement of Law applicable to such
                  Party; or

                  (f)   result in a breach of or constitute a default
                  under, or cause or permit the acceleration of any
                  obligation owed under, any indenture or loan or credit
                  agreement or any other Contractual Obligation to which
                  such Party or any of its Property is bound or affected;

and neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary of Borrower is in violation of, or
default under, any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation, or any
indenture, loan or credit agreement described in Section 5.2(f) in any
                                                         ------
respect that would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.


            5.3   No Governmental Approvals Required.  Except such as have
                  ----------------------------------
heretofore been obtained, no authorization, consent, approval, order, license
or permit from, or filing, registration, or qualification with, or exemption
from any of the foregoing from, any Governmental Agency is or will be required
to authorize or permit the execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower or
any Subsidiary of Borrower of the Loan Documents to which it is a Party.


            5.4   Subsidiaries.  Section 4.4 of the Syndicated Loan
                  ------------           ---
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference; provided that the
                                                    --------
Schedule 4.4 therein referred to shall instead refer to Schedule 4.4 to
- ------------                                            ------------
this Agreement.

            5.5   Financial Statements.  Borrower has furnished to the
                  --------------------
Banks (a) the audited consolidated financial statements of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at January 3, 1993 and for the Fiscal Year then ended, and (b)
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at October 10, 1993 and for the Fiscal Quarter then ended. 
The financial statements described in clauses (a) and (b) are in
                                               -       -
accordance with the books and records of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, were
prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and
fairly present in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
consistently applied the consolidated financial condition and results of
operation of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the dates and for the periods
covered thereby, subject, in the case of the financial statements described in
clause (b), to normal year-end accruals and audit adjustments.
        -

            5.6   No Other Liabilities; No Material Adverse Effect.
                  ------------------------------------------------
Borrower and its Subsidiaries do not have any material liability or material
contingent liability not reflected or disclosed in the balance sheet described
in Section 5.5(b) or the notes to the other financial statements described in
           ------
Section 5.5, other than liabilities and contingent liabilities arising in the
        ---
ordinary course of business subsequent to October 10, 1993.  As of the Closing
Date, there has been no event or circumstance occur that constitutes a
Material Adverse Effect since October 10, 1993 or, as of any date subsequent
to the Closing Date, since the Closing Date.

            5.7   Title to Assets.  Section 4.7 of the Syndicated Loan
                  ---------------           ---
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference; provided that the
                                                    --------
Schedule 4.7 therein referred to shall instead refer to Schedule 4.7 to
- ------------                                            ------------
this Agreement.

            5.8   Intangible Assets.  Section 4.8 of the Syndicated Loan
                  -----------------           ---
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.9   Existing Indebtedness and Contingent Obligations.
                  ------------------------------------------------

Section 4.9 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this
        ---
reference; provided that the Schedule 4.9 therein referred to shall instead
           --------          ------------
refer to Schedule 4.9 to this Agreement.
         ------------

            5.10   Governmental Regulation.  Section 4.10 of the Syndicated
                   -----------------------           ----
Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.11   Litigation.  Section 4.11 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement
                   ----------           ----
is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.12   Employee Matters.  Section 4.12 of the Syndicated Loan
                   ----------------           ----
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.13   Binding Obligations.  Assuming due execution and delivery
                   -------------------
by the other parties thereto, each of the Loan Documents to which Borrower or
any Subsidiary of Borrower is a Party will, when executed and delivered by
Borrower or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, constitute the legal, valid,
and binding obligation of Borrower or the Subsidiary, as the case may be,
enforceable against Borrower or the Subsidiary, as the case may be, in
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by Debtor
                           ------
Relief Laws or by equitable principles relating to the granting of specific
performance and other equitable remedies as a matter of judicial discretion.

            5.14   No Default.  No event has occurred and is continuing that
                   ----------
is a Default or an Event of Default.

            5.15   Pension Plans.  Section 4.15 of the Syndicated Loan
                   -------------           ----
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.16   Tax Liability.  Section 4.16 of the Syndicated Loan
                   -------------           ----
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.17  Regulation U.  Section 4.17 of the Syndicated Loan
                  ------------           ----
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            5.18 Disclosure.  No written statement made by Borrower, or any
                 ----------
representative of Borrower, to the Banks in connection with this Agreement or
any Loan has contained, as of the date such written statement was made, any
untrue statement of a material fact (which has not been corrected as of the
Closing Date or, in the case of a written statement made subsequent to the
Closing Date, prior to reliance thereon by the Banks, in a subsequent written
statement made by Borrower or a representative of Borrower) or has omitted a
material fact (which has not been corrected as of the Closing Date or, in the
case of a written statement made subsequent to the Closing Date, prior to
reliance thereon by the Banks, in a subsequent written statement made by
Borrower or a representative of Borrower) necessary to make the statements
contained therein not misleading under all the circumstances existing at the
date of such written statement and in the context in which it was made,
including information contained in all other written statements previously
delivered.  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to apply to the
financial statements described in Section 5.5 or to the Projections.
                                          ---

                                   Article 6.
                             Affirmative Covenants
                             ---------------------
                          (Other Than Information And
                           --------------------------
                            Reporting Requirements)
                            ----------------------

            As long as any Loan remains unpaid, or any other Obligation
remains unpaid or unperformed, or the Commitment remains outstanding, Borrower 
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, unless the Agent (with the
written approval of the Term Majority Banks) otherwise consents in writing:

            6.1  Payment of Taxes and Other Potential Liens.  Section 5.1 of  
                 ------------------------------------------           ---
the Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            6.2  Preservation of Existence.  Section 5.2 of the Syndicated    
                 -------------------------           ---
Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference; provided that the
                                                         --------
cross references therein contained shall be construed as cross references to
Sections of the Syndicated Loan Agreement.

            6.3  Maintenance of Properties.  Section 5.3 of the Syndicated
                 -------------------------           ---
Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            6.4  Maintenance of Insurance.  Section 5.4 of the Syndicated Loan
                 ------------------------           ---
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            6.5  Compliance with Laws.  Section 5.5 of the Syndicated Loan
                 --------------------           ---
Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            6.6  Inspection Rights.  Any time during regular business hours
                 -----------------
and as often as requested, permit the Agent or any Bank or any employee,
agent, or representative thereof to examine, audit and make copies and
abstracts from the records and books of account of, and to visit and inspect
the Properties of Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs,
finances, and accounts of Borrower and its Subsidiaries with any of their
officers or employees; provided that none of the foregoing shall require
                       --------
Borrower to disclose information respecting its employees or customers which
would violate any Law or shall unreasonably interfere with the normal business
operations of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

            6.7  Keeping of Records and Books of Account.  Section 5.7 of the
                 ---------------------------------------           ---
Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            6.8  Use of Proceeds.  Use the proceeds of the Loan for working
                 ---------------             
capital and general corporate purposes.

            6.9  Subsidiary Guaranty.  Cause each of its wholly-owned
                 -------------------
Significant Subsidiaries hereafter formed, acquired or qualifying as a
Significant Subsidiary, to execute and deliver a joinder of the Subsidiary
Guaranty promptly following such formation, acquisition or qualification.

            6.10  Maintenance of Borrower Net Assets.  Section 5.10 of the
                  ----------------------------------           ----
Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

                                  Article 7.
                              Negative Covenants
                              ------------------

            As long as any Loan remains unpaid or any other Obligation remains
unpaid or unperformed, or the Commitment remains outstanding, Borrower shall
not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to not, unless the Agent (with
the written approval of the Term Majority Banks) otherwise consents in
writing, violate or fail to comply with any of the covenants contained in
Sections 6.1 through 6.21 (provided that the cross references therein
         ---         ----  --------
contained shall be construed as cross references to Sections of the Syndicated
Loan Agreement) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement, incorporated herein by this
reference.

                                 Article 8.
                    Information and Reporting Requirements
                    --------------------------------------

            8.1   Financial and Business Information.  As long as any Loan
                  ----------------------------------
remains unpaid or any other Obligation remains unpaid or unperformed, or the
Commitment remains outstanding, Borrower shall, unless the Agent (with the
written approval of the Term Majority Banks) otherwise consents in writing,
deliver to the Banks at its own expense: 

                  (a)  Concurrently with delivery thereof pursuant to the
                  Syndicated Loan Agreement, each of the financial statements,
                  projections, reports and notices described in Sections
                  7.1(a) through 7.1(i) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement,
                  ------         ------
                  which Sections are hereby incorporated herein by this
                  reference (provided, that nothing herein shall require
                             --------
                  delivery of duplicates of any of the foregoing to a Bank
                  which, in its capacity as a Bank under the Syndicated Loan
                  Agreement, has previously received any such financial
                  statement, projection, report or notice); and 

                  (b)  Such other data and information as from time to time
                  may reasonably be requested by any of the Banks.

            8.2   Compliance Certificate.  As long as any Loan remains unpaid
                  ----------------------
or any other Obligation remains unpaid or unperformed, or the Commitment
remains outstanding, Borrower shall (unless the Agent with the approval of the
Term Majority Banks otherwise consents in writing) deliver to the Banks, not
later than 60 days after the close of each Fiscal Quarter and 105 days after
the close of each Fiscal Year, a Compliance Certificate dated as of the last
day of the Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as the case may be.

                                  Article 9.
                                  Conditions
                                  ----------

            9.1   Initial Advance.  The obligation of the Banks to make the
                  ---------------
initial Advance is subject to the following conditions, each of which shall be
satisfied prior to or concurrently with the making of the initial Advance:

                  (a)  The Agent shall have received all of the following,
                  each dated as of the Closing Date (unless otherwise
                  specified or unless the Agent otherwise agrees) and all in
                  form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and legal
                  counsel for the Agent:

                       (1)   executed counterparts of this Agreement
                  sufficient in number for Borrower, the Agent and each of the
                  Banks, provided that the Agent may accept facsimile
                         --------
                  signature pages from any Bank as evidence of its execution
                  of this Agreement upon the undertaking of such Bank to
                  promptly provide original counterpart signature pages;

                       (2)   the Notes executed by Borrower in favor of each
                  Bank, each in a principal amount equal to that Bank's Pro
                  Rata Share of the Commitment;

                       (3)   the Subsidiary Guaranty executed by each
                  Significant Subsidiary of Borrower;

                       (4)   with respect to Borrower and each Significant
                  Subsidiary of Borrower, such documentation as the Agent may
                  reasonably require to establish the due organization, valid
                  existence and good standing of Borrower and each such
                  Subsidiary, its qualification to engage in business in each
                  jurisdiction in which it is engaged in business or required
                  to be so qualified, its authority to execute, deliver and
                  perform any Loan Documents to which it is a Party, and the
                  identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible
                  Official thereof authorized to act on its behalf, including,
                                                                    ---------
                  without limitation, certified copies of articles of
                  incorporation and amendments thereto, bylaws and amendments
                  thereto, certificates of good standing and/or qualifications
                  to engage in business, certificates of corporate
                  resolutions, incumbency certificates, and the like;

                       (5)   the Opinion of Counsel;

                       (6)   an Officer's Certificate of Borrower affirming,
                  to the best of his or her knowledge, that the conditions set
                  forth in Sections 9.1(d) and 9.1(e) have been satisfied;
                                    ------     ------

                       (7)   a Request for Loan; and

                       (8)   such other assurances, certificates, documents,
                  consents or opinions as the Agent may reasonably require.

                  (b)  The Agent shall have been paid the arrangement fee and
                  agency fee described in Sections 4.2 and 4.4.
                                                   ---     ---

                  (c)  The Agent shall have been paid the participation fee,
                  for the account of the Banks, described in Section 4.3.
                                                                     ---

                  (d)  The representations and warranties of Borrower
                  contained in Article 5 shall be true and correct.
                               ---------

                  (e)  Borrower and its Subsidiaries and any other Parties
                  shall be in compliance with all the terms and provisions of
                  the Loan Documents.

            9.2   Any Advance.  The obligation of the Banks to make any
                  -----------
Advance is subject to the conditions precedent that the representations and
warranties contained in Section 5.13 and 5.18 shall be true and correct in all
                                ----     ---- 
material respects on and as of the date of the Advance as though made on and
as of that date, and that there has not occurred an Event of Default that is
then continuing.

                                  Article 10.
             Events of Default and Remedies Upon Events of Default
             -----------------------------------------------------

            10.1   Events of Default.  There will be a default hereunder if 
                   -----------------
any one or more of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is
continuing, whatever the reason therefor:

                  (a)   failure to pay any installment of principal on the
                  Notes on the date when due; or

                  (b)   failure to pay any installment of interest on the
                  Notes, or to pay any fee or other amounts due the Bank
                  hereunder, within five (5) calendar days after the date
                  when due; or

                  (c)   any failure to comply with Section 6.1 of the
                                                           ---
                  Syndicated Loan Agreement; or


                  (d)   any failure to comply with Sections 6.3, 6.4, 6.7,
                                                            ---  ---  ---
                  6.8, 6.9, 6.10 or 6.11 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement
                  ---  ---  ----    ----
                  which shall remain unremedied for a period of thirty (30)
                  calendar days from the date of such Default or, if the Term
                  Majority Banks determine (and the Syndicate Majority Banks
                  have made the same determination, if the Syndicated Loan
                  Agreement is then in effect) that such Default constitutes a
                  Material Adverse Effect, such shorter period as may be
                  specified by the Term Majority Banks by written notice to
                  Borrower, provided that no such period may be shorter than
                            --------
                  the similar period specified by the Syndicate Majority
                  Banks; or 

                  (e)   Borrower or any other Party fails to perform or
                  observe any other term, covenant, or agreement contained in
                  any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed
                  within the later of (i) thirty (30) calendar days after
                  notice by the Agent of such Default or (ii) if Borrower or
                  such other Party has commenced efforts to remedy such
                  Default, such period not exceeding sixty (60) calendar days
                  after notice by the Agent of such Default during which
                  Borrower or such other Party is diligently pursuing such
                  efforts; or

                  (f)   any representations or warranty in any Loan Document
                  or any certificate, agreement, instrument, or other document
                  made or delivered, on or after the Closing Date, pursuant to
                  or in connection with any Loan Document proves to have been
                  incorrect when made in any material respect and the
                  interests of the Banks under this Agreement have been
                  materially and adversely affected by reason of such
                  incorrect representation or warranty; or

                  (g)   Section 9.1(g) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                                ------
                  incorporated by this reference; or 

                  (h)   any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and
                  delivery and for any reason other than the agreement of the
                  Bank or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases
                  to be in full force and effect or is declared by a court of
                  competent jurisdiction to be null and void, invalid, or
                  unenforceable in any respect which is, in the reasonable
                  opinion of the Term Majority Banks (and, if the Syndicated
                  Loan Agreement is then in effect, in the reasonable opinion
                  of the Syndicate Majority Banks), materially adverse to the
                  interest of the Banks; or any Party thereto denies that it
                  has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan
                  Document; or

                  (i)   Section 9.1(i) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                                ------
                  incorporated by this reference; or 

                  (j)   Section 9.1(j) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                                ------
                  incorporated by this reference; or

                  (k)   Section 9.1(k) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                                ------
                  incorporated by this reference; or

                  (l)   the occurrence of an Event of Default (as such term
                  is or may hereafter be specifically defined in any other
                  Loan Document) under any Loan Document; or

                  (m)   Section 9.1(m) of the Syndicated Loan Agreement is
                                ------
                  incorporated by this reference.

            10.2   Remedies Upon Event of Default.  Without limiting any other
                   ------------------------------
rights or remedies of the Agent or the Banks provided for elsewhere in this
Agreement or the Loan Documents, or by applicable Law or in equity, or
otherwise:

                  (a)   Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, and so
                  long as any such Event of Default shall be continuing (other
                  than an Event of Default described in Section 10.1(j):
                                                                -------

                        (i)   all commitments to make Advances, and all other
                  obligations of the Banks and all rights of Borrower and any
                  other Parties under the Loan Documents shall be suspended
                  without notice to or demand upon Borrower, which are
                  expressly waived by Borrower, except that the Term Majority
                                                ------
                  Banks may waive the Event of Default or, without waiving,
                  determine, upon terms and conditions satisfactory to the
                  Term Majority Banks, to reinstate the Commitment and make
                  further Advances; and 

                        (ii)  the Term Majority Banks may declare the unpaid
                  principal of or unperformed balance of all Obligations due
                  to the Banks hereunder and under the Notes, all interest
                  accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts payable
                  under the Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable,
                  whereupon the same shall become and be forthwith due and
                  payable, without protest, presentment, notice of dishonor,
                  demand, or further notice of any kind, of all of which are
                  expressly waived by Borrower.

                  (b)   Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described
                  in Section 10.1(j):
                             -------

                        (i)   all commitments to make Advances, all other
                  obligations of the Banks and all rights of Borrower and any
                  other Parties under the Loan Documents shall terminate
                  without notice to or demand upon Borrower, which are
                  expressly waived by Borrower, except that all, the Banks may
                                                ------
                  waive the Event of Default or, without waiving, determine,
                  upon terms and conditions satisfactory to the Banks, to
                  reinstate the Commitment and make further Advances; and 

                        (ii)  the unpaid principal of or unperformed balance
                  of all Obligations due to the Banks hereunder and under the
                  Notes, and all interest accrued and unpaid on such
                  Obligations, and all other amounts payable under the Loan
                  Documents shall be forthwith due and payable, without
                  protest, presentment, notice of dishonor, demand, or further
                  notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by
                  Borrower.

                  (c)   Sections 9.2(c) and 9.2(d) of the Syndicated Loan
                                 ------     ------
                  Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference.

                                  Article 11.
                                   The Agent
                                   ---------

            11.1  Agency Provisions.  Sections 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5,
                  -----------------            ----  ----  ----  ----  ----
10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement are incorporated herein
- ----  ----     ----
by this reference.

                                  Article 12.
                                 Miscellaneous
                                 -------------

            12.1  Cumulative Remedies; No Waiver.  Section 11.1 of the
                  ------------------------------           ----
Syndicated Loan Agreement is incorporated herein by this reference.

            12.2  Amendments; Consents.  Section 11.2 of the Syndicated Loan
                  --------------------           ----
Agreement (other than the reference contained therein to Section 2.9 of the
                                                                 ---
Syndicated Loan Agreement) is incorporated herein by this reference, mutatis
                                                                     -------
mutandis.
- --------

            12.3  Costs, Expenses and Taxes.  Borrower shall pay on demand the
                  -------------------------
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Agent in connection with
the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of the Loan Documents. 
Borrower shall pay on demand the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
of the Agent and the Banks in connection with the amendment, waiver,
refinancing, restructuring, reorganization (including a bankruptcy
reorganization, if such payment is approved by the bankruptcy court) or any of
the foregoing that is requested by Borrower whether or not granted by the
Banks.  Borrower shall in any event pay on demand the reasonable out-of
pocket costs and expenses of the Agent and the Banks in connection with the
enforcement of any Loan Documents.  The aforesaid costs and expenses shall
include without limitation filing fees, recording fees, title insurance fees,
appraisal fees, search fees, and other out-of-pocket expenses and the
reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of any legal counsel, independent
public accounts, and other outside experts retained by the Agent and (except
                                                                      ------
in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of the
initial Loan Documents) any of the Banks, including the reasonably allocated
costs of in-house attorneys employed by the Agent and, in the proper case, any
Bank. Borrower shall pay any and all documentary and other taxes (other than
income or gross receipts taxes generally applicable to banks) and all costs,
expenses, fees, and charges payable or determined to be payable in connection
with the filing or recording of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or
any other instrument or writing to be delivered hereunder or thereunder, or in
connection with any transaction pursuant hereto or thereto, and shall
reimburse, hold harmless, and indemnify the Agent and each Bank from and
against any and all loss, liability, or legal or other expense with respect to
or resulting from any delay in paying or failure to pay any tax, cost,
expense, fee, or charge or that any of them may suffer or incur by reason of
the failure of Borrower to perform any of its Obligations.  Any amount payable
to the Agent or any Bank under this Section shall bear interest from the date
of receipt of demand for payment at the rate then in effect for Reference Rate
Loans.

            12.4  Other Miscellaneous Provisions.  The provisions of
                  ------------------------------
Sections 11.4, 11.5, 11.6, 11.7, 11.8, 11.9, 11.10, 11.11, 11.12, 11.13,
         ----  ----  ----  ----  ----  -----  ----  -----  -----  -----
11.14, 11.15, 11.16, 11.17, 11.18, 11.19, 11.20, 11.21, 11.22, 11.23 and
- -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
11.24 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement are incorporated herein by this
- -----
reference.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement
to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

                     THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.,
                     a Michigan corporation


                     By /s/ M. F. Henn
                        -----------------------------------
                        Michael F. Henn
                        Executive Vice President and Chief
                        Financial Officer

                     By /s/ V. L. Miller
                        -----------------------------------
                        Virginia L. Miller
                        Vice President and Treasurer

                     The Vons Companies, Inc.
                     618 Michillinda Avenue
                     Arcadia, California 91007
                     Attn: Chief Financial Officer

                     Telecopier:  (818) 821-7912
                     Telephone:   (818) 821-7021

                     with a copy to:

                     The Vons Companies, Inc.
                     618 Michillinda Avenue
                     Arcadia, California 91007 
                     Attn:  General Counsel

                     Telecopier:  (818) 821-7901

                     BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS
                     ASSOCIATION, as Agent


                     By /s/ D. M. Terrance
                        -----------------------------------
                        David Terrance
                        Vice President


                     Bank of America National Trust and Savings
                     Association
                     Global Agency #5596  
                     1455 Market Street, 13th Floor
                     San Francisco, California 94103

                     Telecopier:  (415) 622-4894
                     Telephone:   (415) 622-7011


                     BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS
                     ASSOCIATION, as a Bank


                     By /s/ Dennis V. Arriola
                        -----------------------------------
                        Dennis V. Arriola
                        Vice President

                     Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association
                     555 South Flower Street,
                     11th Floor (Unit 5618)
                     Los Angeles, California 90071

                     Telecopier:  (213) 228-2756
                     Telephone:   (213) 228-2678

                        THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.,
                         as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Raymond G. Schuville
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: M. D.
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        1 Chase Plaza, 3rd. Floor
                        --------------------------------------
                        San Francisco, California 94111
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Suzanne L. Baird
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier: 212 552-1457
                                    ------------
                        Telephone:  213 552-3771
                                    ------------


                        FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF CALIFORNIA,
                         as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Edwina G. Kew 
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: Vice President
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        707 Wilshire Boulevard, W16-13
                        --------------------------------------
                        Los Angeles, CA 90017
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn:  William  J. Baird
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  (213) 614-2569
                                     --------------
                        Telephone:   (213) 614-5590
                                     --------------

                        NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.,
                         as a Bank

                        By:/s/ W. B. Guffey
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: Vice President
                              --------------------------------
  
                        Address for Notices:

                        901 Main Street
                        --------------------------------------
                        Dallas, Texas 75202
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Lending Support
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  214-508-0944
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   214-508-3089
                                     ------------

                        ABN AMRO BANK, N.V., as a Bank

                        By:/s/ David J. Stassel /s/ Corry Klein
                               David Stassel        Corry Klein
                           -----------------------------------
                                                    Corporate 
                        Title: Vice President       Banking Officer
                              --------------------------------
  
                        Address for Notices:

                        300 South Grand Avenue, Suite 1115
                        --------------------------------------
                        Los Angeles, CA  90071
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn:  Margaret Saito
                              --------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  213-687-2061
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   213-687-2098
                                     ------------


                        THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,
                         as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Suzanne L. Baird
                               Suzanne L. Baird
                           -----------------------------------

                        Title: Representative
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        101 California Street, 48th Floor
                        --------------------------------------
                        San Francisco, California  94111
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Suzanne L. Baird
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  415/397-0791
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   415/986-1100
                                     ------------

 
                        CIBC, INC., as a Bank
 
                        By:/s/ Thomas C. Ludlow
                               Thomas C. Ludlow
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: Vice President
                              -------------------------------- 
  
                        Address for Notices:

                        300 South Grand Avenue, Suite 2700
                        --------------------------------------
                        Los Angeles, California
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Tom Ludlow 
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  213/346-0157
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   213/617-6229
                                     ------------

                        SOCIETE GENERALE, as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Maureen Kelly
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: Vice President
                              --------------------------------


                        Address for Notices:

                        2029 Century Park East
                        --------------------------------------
                        Suite 2900
                        -------------------------------------- 
                        Los Angeles, CA  90067
                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Doris Yun
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  310 203-0539
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   310 788-7116
                                     ------------


                        THE TOKAI BANK, LTD., LOS ANGELES 
                         AGENCY,  as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Hitoshi Ozawa
                           -----------------------------------
                               Hitoshi Ozawa
                        Title: Asst. General Manager
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        534 West Sixth Street
                        --------------------------------------
                        Los Angeles, Califonria 90014
                        --------------------------------------

                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Poebus Hun
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  213/892-2818
                                     ------------
                        Telephone:   213/892-2853
                                     ------------


                        UNION BANK, as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Ann M. Yasuda
                           -----------------------------------
                               Ann M. Yasuda
                        Title: Vice President
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        Union Bank
                        --------------------------------------
                        445 South Figueroa Street, 13th Floor
                        --------------------------------------
                        Los Angeles, CA  90071-1602
                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Ann M. Yasuda
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  (213) 629-5328
                                     --------------
                        Telephone:   (213) 236-6604
                                     --------------


                        BANK OF HAWAII, as a Bank

                        By:/s/ Elizabeth O. Maclean
                           -----------------------------------
                        Title: Assistant Vice President
                              --------------------------------

                        Address for Notices:

                        130 Merchant Street, 20th Floor 
                        --------------------------------------
                        Corporate National Banking
                        --------------------------------------
                        Honolulu, Hawaii 96813
                        --------------------------------------
                        Attn: Cynthia L. Davis, V.P.
                             ---------------------------------

                        Telecopier:  (808) 537-8301
                                     --------------
                        Telephone:   (808) 537-8016
                                     --------------
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                   Schedule 1.1 to Term Loan Agreement

<CAPTION>
Bank                                  Commitment Amount   Pro Rata Share
- ----                                  -----------------   --------------
<S>                                   <C>                 <C>
BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL 
TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION               $45,000,000      30.00000000%

THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.              $15,000,000      10.00000000%

FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF 
CALIFORNIA,                                 $15,000,000      10.00000000%

NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.                  $15,000,000      10.00000000%

ABN AMRO BANK, N.V.                         $10,000,000       6.66666667%

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA                     $10,000,000       6.66666667%

CIBC, INC.                                  $10,000,000       6.66666667%

SOCIETE GENERALE                            $10,000,000       6.66666667%

THE TOKAI BANK, LTD., LOS ANGELES AGENCY     $7,500,000       5.00000000%

UNION BANK                                   $7,500,000       5.00000000%

BANK OF HAWAII                               $5,000,000       3.33333332%

TOTALS                                     $150,000,000     100.00000000%
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                           SCHEDULE 4.4

                           SUBSIDIARIES

<CAPTION>
                                       Shrs Authrzd/
Company                Status           Outstanding     Notes
- ---------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>             <C>              <C>
Miramar Associates     California  
                         gen. part.    None             3

Vons Food Services,    California
  Inc.                   corp.         2,500/95         1,2


- ------------------------
<FN>
1.  All shares owned by The Vons Companies, Inc.
2.  All shares are common stock unless otherwise noted.
3.  Owned 50% by The Vons Companies, Inc. and 50% by Fritz Duda
    Interests.

</TABLE>

                           SCHEDULE 4.4
                            Page 1 of 1

<PAGE>
                                SCHEDULE 4.7

                     EXISTING LIENS AND RIGHTS OF OTHERS
                     -----------------------------------

     1.   Vons Meat Service Center at 10150 Lower Azusa Road, El Monte,
California.  This property is encumbered by a deed of trust; Trustee - Ticor;
Beneficiary - Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company; securing payment of
note in the amount of $9,900,000.  Note matures September 30, 2003.

     2.   Group of 52 Vons stores in California.  This property is encumbered
by a deed of trust; Trustee - Ticor; Beneficiary - Metropolitan Life Insurance
Company; securing payment of note in the amount of $125,000,000.  Note matures
July, 1997.

     3.    Vons Store #152, Pasadena, California - 155 West California
Boulevard.  This property is encumbered by a deed of trust dated March 26,
1979; Trustor Borrower; Trustee - Ticor; Beneficiary - Southwestern Life
Insurance Co.; securing payment of note in the amount of $2,100,000.  Note
matures April 1, 2004.

     4.   Vons Store #151, Bakersfield, California - 3041 Wilson Road.  This
property is encumbered by a deed of trust dated March 26, 1979; Trustor -
Borrower; Trustee - Ticor; Beneficiary - Southwestern Life Insurance Company;
securing payment of note in the amount of $1,520,000.  Note matures April 1,
2004.

     5.   Vons Store #121, Vista, California - 940 South Santa Fe Avenue. 
This property is encumbered by a deed of trust dated January 30, 1978; Trustor
- - Borrower; Trustee - Ticor; Beneficiary - Southwestern Life Insurance
Co.; securing payment of note in the amount of $1,250,000.  Note matures
February 1, 2003.

     6.   Vons Store #356, National City, California - 1220 Plaza Boulevard. 
This property is encumbered by a mortgage.  Beneficiary - Calpers; securing
payment of a note in the amount of $2,765,000.  Note matures June 29, 2009.

     7.   Borrower has entered into an agreement to sell Vons Store #35060
(Burbank) for $3,000,000.

     8.   Borrower has entered into an agreement to sell Vons Store #310
(Santa Maria) for $1,800,000.  Escrow to close December 17, 1993.

     9.   Williams Bros. #315, 316, & 318.  These properties are encumbered by
various deeds of trust;  Beneficiary - various;  securing payments of notes in
the amount of $4,542,500.  Notes have various maturities, but do not exceed
December 1, 2000.

    10.   Borrower has entered into an agreement by which it will assume
approximately 60 leases currently owned by Collins & Aikman, Inc. which had
operated as Builders Emporium and Ole's.  In connection with this transaction,
Borrower has entered into agreements with various parties pursuant to which
hose parties shall assume certain of the leases.

                                 Schedule 4.7
                                  Page 1 of 1
KEH060/1
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE 4.9

                                                   EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS AND CONTINGENT OBLIGATIONS 

                                                                        (000'S)
<CAPTION>
                                                               Total Outstanding   
                                                            -----------------------    Description of
Description on Instrument        Due Date          Rate     Amount          As of      Property Encumbered
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>              <C>      <C>        <C>             <C>             
Allied Senior Subordinated 
  Debentures (Face Amount)       May 15, 1998      6.625%   91,459*    Dec. 8, 1993    None

The Vons Companies, Inc. Senior
  Subordinated Debentures        October 1, 1999   8.375%  100,000     Dec. 8, 1993    None

The Vons Companies, Inc, Senior
  Subordinated Notes             April 1, 2002     9.625%  150,000     Dec. 8, 1993    None
 
Uncommitted Short Term 
  Facilities (Face Amount)       1 Year or less   Various  383,120     Dec. 7, 1993    None

Capitalized Leases over $5,000:

  DFT Properties, Inc.           Jan 31, 2019        N/A     5,552     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons#505
                                                                                       (Bakersfield)

  AMI Properties, Inc.           Jan 31, 2018        N/A     5,011     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons #506 (Fresno)

  NationsBanc Leasing            July 15, 1997 to    N/A     9,101     Nov. 7, 1993    Tractors/Trailers
                                 April 22, 1998

Letters of Credit in accordance with attached schedule
<FN>
*  The Company has repurchased and cancelled debentures totaling $31,541.
</TABLE>     
                                                Schedule 4.9
                                                 Page 1 of 3

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
                                                                Total Outstanding   
                                                            -----------------------    Description of
Description on Instrument        Due Date          Rate     Amount           As of     Property Encumbered
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>             <C>
Mortgage Financing:

  Metropolitan Life Insurance    July 1, 1987      9.250%  117,020     Nov. 7, 1993    Group of 52 Stores
    Mortgage Financing

  Massachusetts Mutual Life      Sept 30, 2003     8.500%    6,414     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons Meat Prossing
    Insurance Mortgage Financing                                                       Facility
  

  Southwestern Life Insurance    Feb 1, 2003       8.375%      763     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons #121 (Vista)
    Company Mortgage Financing

  Southwestern Life Insurance    April 1, 2004     8.500%    1,013     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons #151 
    Company Mortgage Financing                                                         (Bakersfield)

  Southwestern Life Insurance    April 1, 2004     8.500%    1,400     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons #152
    Company Mortgage Financing                                                         (Pasadena)

  Calpers                        June 29, 2009    11.500%*** 2,445     Nov. 7, 1993    Vons #356
                                                                                       (National City)

Acquired Indebtedness of Williams Bros.:

  Mortgages                      Various       6.0-12.25%    3,777     Nov. 7, 1993    Williams Bros.
                                                                                       #315, 316 & 318
<FN>
*** 11.5% + Additional Income Interest based upon Gross Income performance
</TABLE>
                                               Schedule 4.9
                                                Page 2 of 3
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
                                                               Total Outstanding   
                                                            -----------------------    Description of
Description on Instrument        Due Date           Rate    Amount           As of     Property Encumbered
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>             <C>
Contingent Obligations:

  Guarantees of Industrial
    Revenue Bonds:

    TG&Y City of Edmond          July 1, 1996        7.000%    700     Jan 3, 1993     TG&Y Edmond, OK
                                                                                       Warehouse

    TG&Y City of Kansas City     July 1, 1999   5.75-7.375%    900     Jan 3, 1993     TG&Y Kansas City,
                                                                                       KS Warehouse
<FN>
Meadowdale - As successor to Allied Supermarkets, Inc., Borrower has various contingent obligations arising
from obligations of Meadowdale Foods, Inc. and M-Foods, Inc. including certain obligations of Allied
Supermarkets, Inc. assumed by Meadowdale Foods, Inc. on 7/22/87.
</TABLE>

                                                Schedule 4.9
                                                 Page 3 of 3<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

                                   SCHEDULE OF

                                 LETTERS OF CREDIT

<CAPTION>
BofA      Amount as
L/C#      of 12/5/93         Beneficiary               Maturity
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>       <C>             <C>                          <C> 

Standby Letters of Credit:

  216099    2,300,000     Board of Trustees,           12/31/93  
                          Central States Southeast
                          and Southwest Areas 
                          Pension Fund

  216095      200,000     Employers Reinsurance        07/01/94
                          Corporation          

  216093    2,200,000     Lumbermans Mutual            04/26/94

  216091   70,887,657     Self-Insurance Plans,        05/30/94
                          State of California  

  216094      750,000     Self-Insurance Plans,        01/01/94
                          State of Nevada      

  217336    3,600,000     LDI Corporation              11/1/94

  216098        2,000     City of Carpinteria          09/23/94

  218628    1,788,000     Collins & Aikman Group, Inc. 05/25/94
          -----------
           81,727,657     TOTAL STANDBY LETTERS OF CREDIT

Commercial Letters of Credit:

  423132      105,220     Fine Toy, Co., LTD           01/13/94
          -----------     
              105,220     TOTAL COMMERCIAL LETTERS OF CREDIT
          -----------
           81,832,877     GRAND TOTAL LETTERS OF CREDIT
          -----------
          -----------
</TABLE>





                            Page 1 of 1
<PAGE>

                           [EXHIBIT A]

           COMMITMENT ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT
           ----------------------------------------------

           THIS COMMITMENT ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT ("Agreement")
dated as of __________________, 19___ is made with reference to that certain
Term Loan Agreement dated as of December 13, 1993, among The Vons Companies,
Inc. ("Borrower"), the Banks therein named and Bank of America National Trust
and Savings Association, as Agent for itself and for the Banks (as amended as
of the date hereof, the "Loan Agreement") and is entered into between the
"Assignor" described below, in its capacity as a Bank under the Loan
Agreement, and the "Assignee" described below.  Assignor and Assignee hereby
represent, warrant and agree as follows:

            1.  Definitions.  Capitalized terms defined in the Loan Agreement
                -----------
are used herein with the meanings set forth for such terms in the Loan
Agreement.  As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall
have the meanings set forth below:

      "Assignee" means __________________________________.
       --------

      "Assigned Pro-Rata Share" means ___________% of the Commitment of the
       -----------------------
Banks under the Loan Agreement, being equal to $______________.

      "Assignor" means ______________________________.
       --------

      "Effective Date" means __________________, the effective date of this
       --------------
Agreement determined in accordance with Section 11.8 of the Syndicated Loan
                                                ----
Agreement (as incorporated by reference into the Loan Agreement pursuant to
Section 12.4 thereof).

            2.  Representations and Warranties of the Assignor.  The Assignor
                ----------------------------------------------
represents and warrants as follows:

                a.  As of the date hereof, the Pro-Rata Share of the Assignor
is _____% of the Commitment (without giving effect to assignments thereof
which have not yet become effective).  The Assignor is the legal and
beneficial owner of the Assigned Pro-Rata Share and the Assigned Pro-Rata
Share is free and clear of any adverse claim.

                b.  The outstanding principal balance of Advances made by
Assignor is $______________. 

                c.  The Assignor has full power and authority, and has taken
all action necessary to execute and deliver this Agreement and any and all
other documents required or permitted to be executed or delivered by it in
connection with this Agreement and to fulfill its obligations under, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement, and no
governmental authorizations or other authorizations are required in connection
therewith;

                d.  This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Assignor.

Assignor makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility
with respect to the financial condition of Borrower or the performance by
Borrower of the Obligations, and assumes no responsibility with respect to any
statements, warranties or representations made or in connection with the Loan
Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of the Loan Agreement or any Loan Document other than as
expressly set forth above.

            3.  Representations and Warranties of the Assignee.  The Assignee
                ----------------------------------------------
hereby represents and warrants to the Assignor as follows:

           (a)  The Assignee has full power and authority, and has taken all
action necessary to execute and deliver this Agreement, and any and all other
documents required or permitted to be executed or delivered by it in
connection with this Agreement and to fulfill its obligations under, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement, and no
governmental authorizations or other authorizations are required in connection
therewith;

           (b)  This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Assignee;

           (c)  The Assignee has independently and without reliance upon the
Assignor and based on such information as the Assignee has deemed appropriate,
made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. 
Assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any Bank,
and based upon such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at
the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking
action under the Loan Agreement;

           (d)  The Assignee is an "Eligible Assignee" within the meaning of
the Loan Agreement;

           (e)  The Assignee has received a copy of the Loan Agreement,
together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered
pursuant to Section 8.1 of the Loan Agreement; and
                    ---

           (f)  If Assignee is organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction
outside the United States of America, attached hereto are the forms prescribed
by the Code certifying Assignee's exemption from United States withholding
taxes with respect to all payments to be made to Assignee under the Loan
Agreement.

            4.  Assignment.  On the terms set forth herein, Assignor, as of
                ----------
Effective Date, hereby irrevocably sells, assigns and transfers to the
Assignee all of the rights and obligations of the Assignor under the Loan
Agreement, the other Loan Documents and Assignor's Note, in each case to the
extent of the Assigned Pro-Rata Share, and the Assignee irrevocably accepts
such assignment of rights and assumes such obligations from the Assignor on
such terms and as of the Effective Date.  As of the Effective Date, Assignee
shall have the rights and obligations of a "Bank" under the Loan Documents,
except to the extent of any arrangements with respect to payments referred to
in Section 5 hereof. Assignee hereby appoints and authorizes Agent to exercise
           -
such powers under the Loan Agreement as are delegate to the Agent by
Article 11 of the Loan Agreement.
        --

            5.  Payment.  On the Effective Date, Assignee shall pay to the
                -------
Assignor, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the purchase
price, as agreed between the Assignor and the Assignee, of the Assigned Pro-
Rata Share.  The Assignor and the Assignee have entered into a letter agree-
ment, of even date herewith, which sets forth their agreement with respect to
the amount of interest, fees, and other payments with respect to the Assigned
Pro-Rata Share which are to be retained by the Assignor.

            The Assignor and the Assignee hereby agree that if either receives
any payment of interest, principal, fees or any other amount under the Loan
Agreement, their respective Notes and other Loan Documents which is for the
account of the other, it shall hold the same in trust for such party to the
extent of such party's interest therein and shall promptly pay the same to
such party.

            6.  Principal, Interest, Fees, etc.  Any principal that would be
                ------------------------------
payable and any interest, fees and other amounts that would accrue from and
after the Effective Date to or for the account of the Assignor pursuant to the
Loan Agreement and the Notes shall be payable to or for the account of the
Assignor and the Assignee, in accordance with their respective interests as
adjusted pursuant to this Agreement.

            7.  Notes.  The Assignor and the Assignee shall make appropriate
                -----
arrangements with the Borrower concurrently with the execution and delivery
hereof so that a replacement Note is issued to the Assignor and a new Note is
issued to the Assignee, in each case in principal amounts reflecting their
Commitment or their outstanding Advances (as adjusted pursuant to this
Agreement).

            8.  Further Assurances.  Concurrently with the execution of this
                ------------------
Agreement, Assignor shall execute two counterpart original Requests for
Registration, in the form of Exhibit A to this Agreement, to be forwarded to
Agent.  The Assignor and the Assignee further agree to execute and deliver
such other instruments, and take such other action, as either party may
reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and Assignor specifically agrees to cause the delivery of (i) two
original counterparts of this Agreement and (ii) the Requests for
Registration, to Agent for the purpose of registration of Assignee as a "Bank"

pursuant to Section 11.8 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement (as incorporated by
                    ----
reference in the Loan Agreement pursuant to Section 12.4 thereof).
                                                    ----

            9.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be deemed to be a
                -------------
contractual obligation under, and shall be governed by and construed and
interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of California.  For any
dispute arising in connection with this Agreement, the Assignee hereby
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
California.

            10. Notices.  All communications among the parties or notices in
                -------
connection herewith shall be in writing, hand delivered or sent by registered
airmail, postage prepaid, or by telex, telegram or cable, addressed to the
appropriate party at its address set forth on the signature pages hereof.  All
such communications and notices shall be effective upon receipt.

            11. Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and
                --------------
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and
assigns; provided, however, that Assignee shall not assign its rights or
obligations without the prior written consent of the Assignor and any
purported assignment, absent such consent, shall be void.

            12. Interpretation.  The headings of the various sections hereof
                --------------
are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or
construction of any provision hereof.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered by their respective officials, officers or agents
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

                                 "Assignor"

                                 _________________________________

                                 By:______________________________

                                 Title:___________________________

                                 Address:_________________________
                                         _________________________
                                         _________________________
                                          Attn:___________________
                                               ___________________
                                          Telephone: _____________
                                          Telecopier:_____________


                                 "Assignee"

                                 __________________________________

                                 By:_______________________________

                                 Title:____________________________

                                 Address:__________________________
                                         __________________________
                                         __________________________
                                          Attn:____________________
                                               ____________________
                                          Telephone:_______________
                                          Telecopier:______________

<PAGE>

      Exhibit A to Commitment Assignment and Acceptance Agreement

                        REQUEST FOR REGISTRATION
                        ------------------------


TO:  BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent, and THE
     VONS COMPANIES, INC.


            THIS REQUEST FOR REGISTRATION OF ASSIGNEE is made as of the date
of the enclosed Commitment Assignment and Acceptance Agreement with reference
to that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 13, 1993 among The
Vons Companies, Inc., the Banks therein named and Bank of America National
Trust and Savings Association, as Agent for itself and for the Banks (as
amended as of the date hereof, the "Loan Agreement")

            Assignor and Assignee hereby request that Agent register Assignee
as a Bank pursuant to Section 11.8 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement (as
                              ----
incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement pursuant to Section 12.4
                                                                    ----
thereof) effective as of the Effective Date described in the enclosed
Commitment Assignment and Acceptance and, in connection with this request
certify to Agent that:

            A.  Assignee is an "Eligible Assignee" within the meaning of that
term set forth in the Loan Agreement; and

            B.  Schedule A to the enclosed Commitment Assignment and
Acceptance Agreement sets forth the correct Commitment and the Assigned Pro-
Rata Share of the Assignee.

            Enclosed with this Request are: 

                (i)   two counterpart originals of the Commitment Assignment
            and Acceptance;

               (ii)   the original Note of Borrower in favor of Assignor in
            the principal amount of $______________; and

              (iii)   Assignee's check payable to Agent for the $3000
            recordation fee required by Section 11.8(d) of the Syndicated Loan
                                                -------
            Agreement (as incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement
            pursuant to Section 12.4 thereof).
                                ----

Assignor and Assignee hereby jointly request that Agent cause Borrower to
issue replacement Notes, dated as of the Closing Date, pursuant to
Section 11.8 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement (as incorporated by reference
        ----
in the Loan Agreement pursuant to Section 12.4 thereof) in favor of
                                          ----
Assignor in the principal amount of the remainder of its Pro-Rata Share of the
Commitment and in favor of the Assignee in the amount of the Assigned Pro-
Rata Share.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have executed this Request for
Registration by their duly authorized officers as of this ___ day of
_____________, 19__.

                                 "Assignor"

                                 __________________________________


                                 By:_______________________________
                                    (Printed/Typed Name of Officer)


                                 "Assignee"

                                 __________________________________


                                 By:_______________________________
                                    (Printed/Typed Name of Officer)

<PAGE>

                         CONSENT OF AGENT AND BORROWER
                         -----------------------------

TO:   The Assignor and Assignee referred to in the above Request for
      Registration

      When countersigned by both Borrower and Agent below, this document shall
certify that:

      1.  If the consent of Borrower is required to such assignment, Borrower
has consented, pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents, to the assignment
by Assignor to Assignee of the Assigned Pro-Rata Share.

      2.  Agent has registered Assignee as a Bank under the Loan Agreement,
effective as of the Effective Date described above, with a Pro-Rata Share of
the Commitment corresponding to the Assigned Pro-Rata Share and has adjusted
the registered Pro-Rata Share of the Commitment of Assignor to reflect the
assignment of the Assigned Pro-Rata Share.

Approved:

THE VONS COMPANIES                  BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS
                                    ASSOCIATION, as Agent


By: _________________________       By: _________________________

By: _________________________       By: _________________________

<PAGE>

                           [Exhibit B]

                     COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
                     ----------------------

TO:    BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, 
       AS AGENT, AND TO THE BANKS

            Reference is made to the Term Loan Agreement dated as of December
13, 1993, among THE VONS COMPANIES, INC., as Borrower, the Banks therein named
and BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent (the
"Loan Agreement").  Terms defined in the Loan Agreement and not otherwise
defined in this Compliance Certificate (this "Certificate") are used in this
Certificate as defined in the Loan Agreement.  This Certificate is delivered
in accordance with Section 8.2 of the Loan Agreement and relates to the
                           ---
financial statements of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal
______________ ended ____________, 19__ (the "Financial Statements"), which
are delivered concurrently herewith.

            I, ____________________, hereby certify that I am the
__________________ and a Senior Officer of Borrower and that:

            1.   Financial Covenants Computations.  Borrower and its
                 --------------------------------
Subsidiaries are in compliance with their Obligations to the Banks pursuant to
Sections 6.13 through 6.16 of the Syndicated Loan Agreement (as incorporated
         ----         ----
by reference in the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to Article 7 of the Term Loan
                                                    ---------
Agreement), as set forth in the "Computation of the Loan Agreement Covenants
for Fiscal [Quarter] [Year] ended _______________, 19__" attached hereto and
incorporated herein by this reference.

            2.   Review of Activities; Defaults.  A review of the activities  
                 ------------------------------
of Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the fiscal period covered by the
Financial Statements has been made under my supervision with a view to
determining whether, during such fiscal period, Borrower and its Subsidiaries
performed and observed all of their respective Obligations under the Loan
Documents.  Except with respect to the Defaults, if any, specified and
described, as to their nature and status below, to the best of my knowledge,
during the fiscal period covered by the Financial Statements, Borrower and its
Subsidiaries performed and observed each covenant and condition applicable to
them:


___________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________

            3.   Material Adverse Effect.  Except with respect to the event(s)
                 -----------------------
or circumstance(s) constituting a Material Adverse Effect, if any, specified
and explained in reasonable detail as to their nature and status below, to the
best of my knowledge, no event or circumstance constituting a Material Adverse
Effect has occurred since the date of the most recent Compliance Certificate
previously delivered under Section 8.2 of the Loan Agreement:
                                   ---

___________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this Certificate on behalf of
Borrower this ____ day of _______________, 19___.

                           THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.

                           By:__________________________

                           Title:_______________________

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                    COMPUTATION OF LOAN AGREEMENT COVENANTS
                    ---------------------------------------

               FOR FISCAL [YEAR][QUARTER] ENDED            19  
               ------------------------------------------------

6.13 LEVERAGE RATIO
- -------------------
<S>                                                 <C>
MAXIMUM LEVERAGE RATIO:                             ________________

LEVERAGE RATIO IS:                                  ________________

Calculated as follows:

CONSOLIDATED TOTAL LIABILITIES:                     $_______________

divided by 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                $_______________


6.14 MINIMUM SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
- ---------------------------------

MINIMUM SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:                       $_______________


Minimum Shareholders' Equity calculated as follows:

$375,000,000

plus
- ----

Consolidated Net Income for each
Fiscal Quarter ending after June 16, 1991
(without reduction for any loss during any
Fiscal Quarter)

$______________________

MINIMUM SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:                       $_______________

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY IS:                            $_______________
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

6.15 FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO
- --------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>
MINIMUM FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO:                    ____________

FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO IS:                         ____________

Calculated as follows:

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
OPERATING CASH FLOW:

<CAPTION>

                           Latest Fiscal   Previous Three     Total of Four
                              Quarter      Fiscal Quarters   Latest Quarters
                           -------------   ---------------   ---------------
<S>                        <C>             <C>               <C> 
Consolidated Income
Before Extraordinary
Items

plus Fixed Charges
- ----

plus Provision for
- ----
Income Taxes

plus Charges against
- ----
Income for LIFO 
Adjustments

plus Depreciation and 
- ----
Amortization of Property
and Capital Leases

plus Amortization of
- ----
excess cost over net 
assets acquired and other
assets

minus Credits to Income
- -----
for LIFO Adjustments

minus Income of any
- -----
Subsidiaries which cannot
make Distributions to
Borrower

OPERATING CASH FLOW:       $____________   $______________   $____________
divided by
- ----------

CASH FIXED CHARGES

                           Latest Fiscal   Previous Three     Total of Four
                             Quarter       Fiscal Quarters   Latest Quarters
                           -------------   ---------------   ---------------

Fixed Charges

Interest Expense-Net

plus Rents Paid\Payable
- ----
Net

minus Amortization
- -----
of Debt discount and
deferred financing
charges

minus other non-cash
- -----
Fixed Charges

Total Cash
Fixed Charges              $____________   $______________    $_____________
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
6.16 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
- -------------------------
<S>                                     <C> 
PERMITTED CAPITAL EXPENDITURES:         $________________

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES ARE:               $________________

Permitted Capital Expenditures
are calculated as follows:

     Maximum Capital Expenditure 
       Amount (net of carryover)        $________________

     Carry over from immediately 
       preceding Fiscal Year            $________________

  Maximum permitted Capital
    Expenditures are                    $________________
<FN>
NOTE:     The pages appended, if any, constitute a further explanation of the
          manner in which the foregoing computations relate to the Financial
          Statements to the extent not readily apparent.  (Check if pages are
          appended) _____.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
                          [EXHIBIT C]


                             NOTE
                             ----

$[Pro-Rata share of $150,000,000]                             __________, 19__
                                                       Los Angeles, California


      FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned promises to pay to the order of
______________________________ (the "Bank"), the principal amount of
_______________________________ DOLLARS ($______________), or such lesser
aggregate amount of Advances as may be made by the Bank in accordance with its
Pro Rata Share of the Commitment under the Loan Agreement hereinafter
described, payable as hereinafter set forth.  The undersigned promises to pay
interest on the principal amount hereof remaining unpaid from time to time
from the date hereof until the date of payment in full, payable as hereinafter
set forth.

      Reference is made to the Term Loan Agreement dated as of December 13,
1993, among the undersigned, as Borrower, the Banks that are parties thereto,
and Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as the Agent (the
"Loan Agreement").  Terms defined in the Loan Agreement and not otherwise
defined herein are used herein with the meanings defined for those terms in
the Loan Agreement.  Any holder hereof is entitled to all of the rights,
benefits and privileges provided for in the Loan Agreement as originally
executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented, modified or amended. 
The Loan Agreement, among other things, contains provisions for reduction of
the Commitment and for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening
of certain stated events upon the terms and conditions therein specified.

      The principal indebtedness evidenced by this Note shall be payable as
provided in the Loan Agreement and in any event on the Maturity Date.

      Interest shall be payable on the outstanding daily unpaid principal
amount of each Loan from the date thereof until payment in full and shall
accrue and be payable at the rates set forth in the Loan Agreement both before
and after default and before and after maturity and judgment, with interest on
overdue interest to bear interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable Law.

      The amount of each payment hereunder shall be made to the Agent at the
Agent's Office, for the account of the Bank, in lawful money of the United
States of America and in immediately available funds not later than
10:00 a.m., Los Angeles time, on the day of payment (which must be a Banking
Day).  All payments received after 10:00 a.m.,  Los Angeles time, on any
Banking Day, shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Banking Day. 
This Bank shall use its best efforts to keep a record of Advances made by it
and payments of principal with respect to this Note, and such record shall be
presumptive evidence of the principal amount owing under this Note.

      The undersigned hereby promises to pay all costs and expenses of any
holder hereof in collecting the undersigned's obligations hereunder or in
enforcing any of holder's rights hereunder, including attorneys' fees and dis-
bursements, whether or not an action is filed in connection therewith.

      The undersigned hereby waives presentment, demand for payment, dishonor,
notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest and any other notice or
formality to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.

      This Note shall be delivered to and accepted by the Bank, or by the
Agent on its behalf, in the State of California, and shall be governed by, and
construed and enforced in accordance with, the Laws thereof.


                                  THE VONS COMPANIES, INC., 
                                  a Michigan corporation



                                  By: ____________________________________

                                  Its: ___________________________________



                                  By: ____________________________________

                                  Its: ___________________________________

<PAGE> 
<TABLE>
                 ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
                       (Reference Rate Loans)
______________________________________________________________________________
<CAPTION>
                                         Amount of      Unpaid
            Amount of      Interest      Principal     Principal     Notation
Date         Advance        Period         Paid         Balance       Made by
<S>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>  
______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                  ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
                            (CD Rate Loans)
______________________________________________________________________________
<CAPTION>
                                         Amount of      Unpaid
            Amount of      Interest      Principal     Principal     Notation
Date         Advance        Period         Paid         Balance       Made by
______________________________________________________________________________
<S>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>  

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                  ADVANCES AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL
                       (Eurodollar Rate Loans)
______________________________________________________________________________
<CAPTION>
                                         Amount of      Unpaid
            Amount of      Interest      Principal     Principal     Notation
Date         Advance        Period         Paid         Balance       Made by
______________________________________________________________________________
<S>         <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>  

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________

______________________________________________________________________________
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
[This page appears on The Vons Companies, Inc, letterhead]


                              [EXHIBIT D]
Terrence J. Wallock
Senior Vice President
Chief Legal and Security Officer
and Secreatary



                                        December 8, 1993



Bank of America
National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent
555 South Flower Street
Eleventh Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90071

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     I serve as General Counsel of The Vons Companies, Inc., a
Michigan corporation ("Borrower") and have acted in such capacity
in connection with the Term Loan Agreement ("Agreement") dated as
of December 13, 1993, among Borrower and the Banks, and the Loan
Documents.  This opinion is rendered to you pursuant to Section
9.1(a)(5) of the Agreement.  Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the meanings given them in the
Agreement.

     In rendering this opinion, I have reviewed, and relied upon,
originals, or copies identified to my satisfaction as being true
copies, of the following:

     1.   The Agreement;

     2.   The Loan Documents delivered at the Closing (including
the Notes);

     3.   The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Borrower, as
amended to date, and the minutes of the actions of the Board of
Directors of Borrower authorizing the transactions contemplated
thereby; and

     4.   Each certificate by an officer of Borrower delivered on
this date to the Agent or the Banks pursuant to the Agreement.

     In addition, I have discussed this Agreement, the Loan
Documents and relevant matters with responsible officers of
Borrower, and have reviewed such other documents, instruments and
certificates and have made such examination as to matters of fact
and law as I have deemed necessary or appropriate in order to
render this opinion to you.

     In rendering this opinion, I have assumed:

     (a)  That the Loan Documents have been duly executed and
delivered by the parties thereto other than the Borrower;

     (b)  That enforcement of the Loan Documents will be undertaken
in good faith and

Bank of America
National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent
December 8, 1993
Page 2

in a commercially reasonable manner; and

     (c)  That, other than with respect to the Loan Documents, all
signatures are genuine, all documents submitted to me as originals
are authentic originals, and all documents submitted to us as
copies conform to the originals.

     Based on the foregoing, and relying thereon, and subject to
the limitations expressed below, I am of the opinion that, as of
the Closing Date:

     A.   Borrower has been duly incorporated and is a validly
existing corporation in good standing under the laws of the State
of Michigan, with full corporate power and authority to own and
occupy its properties and conduct its businesses as presently
conducted, and Borrower is registered or qualified to conduct
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
conduct of its business or the ownership or leasing of its
properties makes such qualification necessary (except where the
failure to be so duly qualified and in good standing does not
constitute a Material Adverse Effect).

     B.   Borrower holds all franchises, licenses, permits and
other governmental authorizations required for the conduct of its
business, and such franchises, licenses, permits and other
governmental authorizations are in full force and effect other than
such franchises, licenses, permits and other governmental
authorizations as to which the failure so to maintain or obtain
would not constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

     C.   All outstanding shares of capital stock of Borrower have
been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
nonassessable and are free of preemptive rights.

     D.   To my best knowledge there is no legal or governmental
proceeding pending or threatened or contemplated to which Borrower
is a party or of which the business or property of Borrower is the
subject which, singularly or in the aggregate, if determined
adversely to Borrower, would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

     E.   Borrower is not (i) in violation of its charter or
bylaws, or other equivalent instruments, (ii) to my best knowledge,
in default in any respect in the performance of any obligation,
agreement or condition contained in any loan, bond, debenture, note
or any other evidence or indebtedness or any indenture, mortgage,
deed of trust, or any other agreement or instrument, known to me,
to which Borrower is a Party or by which it is bound, or to which
any of the property or assets of Borrower is subject, which default
would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

     F.   Borrower has full corporate power and authority to enter
into and perform the obligations of Borrower under the Loan
Documents.

     G.   The execution, delivery, and performance by Borrower of
the Loan Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action of Borrower, and do not and will not:

Bank of America
National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent
December 8, 1993
Page 3

          (i)        require any consent or approval not heretofore
obtained of any stockholder, partner, security holder or, to the
best of my knowledge, creditor of Borrower;

          (ii)       violate or conflict with any provision of
Borrower's articles of incorporation or bylaws;

          (iii)      result in or require the creation or
imposition of any Lien or Right of Others upon or with respect to any property
now owned or leased or hereafter acquired by Borrower, which creation or
imposition would constitute a Material Adverse
Effect;

          (iv)       violate any Requirement of Law (including,
without limitation, Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System) known to me presently in effect having
applicability to Borrower; or

          (v)        result in a breach of or constitute a default
under, or cause or permit the acceleration of any obligation owed
under, any indenture or loan agreement or credit agreement or any
other Contractual Obligation known to me to which such party or
any of its Property is bound or affected, which breach, default,
or acceleration would constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

     H.   No authorization, consent, approval, order, license or
permit from, or filing, registration, or qualification with, or
exemption of any of the foregoing from, any Governmental Agency is
or will be required to authorize or permit the execution and
delivery by Borrower of the Loan Documents except as has already
been obtained or made.

     I.   Each Loan Document has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
agreement of Borrower, enforceable against Borrower in accordance 
with its terms, except to the extent that (i) the enforceability
thereof may be subject to Debtor Relief Laws now or hereafter in
effect, relating to creditors' rights generally, (ii) the
enforceability thereof may be subject to general principles of
equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding in equity or at law) and to the discretion of the
court before which any proceeding may be brought, and (iii) all
Loan Documents may be subject to or limited by the unenforceability
under certain circumstances of provisions purporting to place venue
for any litigation of any disputes or controversies within a court
of a county or to waive the right to trial by jury.

     J.   The names, form of legal entity and jurisdictions of
incorporation of the Subsidiaries of Borrower set forth in Schedule
4.4 to the Agreement are as set forth therein;

     K.   Borrower is not subject to regulation under the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act of 1940.

     L.   Borrower has no Significant Subsidiaries.

Bank of America 
National Trust and Savings Association, as Agent
December 8, 1993
Page 4

     This opinion is limited to the laws of the State of
California, the Michigan Business Corporation Action, the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and the federal laws of
the United States, and I express no opinion and can assume no
responsibility as to the applicability of the laws of any other
jurisdiction.

     This opinion is rendered to you pursuant to Section 9.1(a)(5)
of the Agreement, is intended solely for your benefit and that of
the Banks, and may not be relied on without my prior written
consent by any other person other than an assignee or successor in
interest of any Bank or a person acquiring a participation from
any Bank.
                              Very truly yours,

                              /s/ Terrence Joseph Wallock 

                              Terrence J. Wallock

TJW:cb

<PAGE>
                               [EXHIBIT E]

                             REQUEST FOR LOAN
                             ----------------

         1.  This Request for Loan is executed and delivered by Borrower to
Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association, as the "Agent",
pursuant to Section 3.1(c) of that certain Term Loan Agreement (the "Loan
                    ------
Agreement") dated as of December 13, 1993, entered into by and among THE VONS
COMPANIES, INC., a Michigan corporation, the Banks therein named and BANK OF
AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent for itself and for
the Banks.  Terms defined in the Loan Agreement and not otherwise defined
herein are used herein as defined in the Loan Agreement.

         2.  Borrower hereby requests that the Banks make a Loan for the
account of Borrower (Account No. __________) pursuant to the Loan Agreement as
follows:

               (a)   Amount of Loan:  $________________.

               (b)   Date of Loan:  _______________, 19___.

               (c)   Type of Loan (check one box only):

                      ____
                     /___/   Reference Rate Loan.
                     
                      ____
                     /___/   CD Rate Loan with ____-day CD  Period.
                     
                      ____
                     /___/   Eurodollar Rate Loan with ____-month Eurodollar
                             Period.

         3.  In connection with the Loan requested herein, Borrower hereby
represents, warrants, and certifies to the Banks that:

             a.  If the requested Loan is the initial Loan being made on the
     Closing Date, then each of the representations and warranties made by
     Borrower in Article 5 of the Loan Agreement is true and correct.
                 ---------

             b.  In the case of each other Loan, as of the date of the Loan
     requested herein, each of the representations and warranties made by
     Borrower in Sections 5.13 and 5.18 are true and correct in all material  
                          ----     ----
     respects on and as of the date of this Loan as though made on and as of
     the date of this Loan, and there has not occurred an Event of Default
     that is continuing as of the date of this Loan.

         4.  This Request for Loan is executed on __________, 19__, by a
Responsible Official of Borrower, on behalf of Borrower.  The undersigned, in
such capacity, hereby certifies each and every matter contained herein to be
true and correct.

                                       BORROWER:

                                       THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.,
                                       a Michigan corporation



                                       By ____________________________

                                          Title_______________________


<PAGE>
                         [EXHIBIT F]

                     SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY
                     -------------------

            This SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY (this "Guaranty"), dated as of
________________, 199___, is made by ________________, a ________________
corporation (collectively with each other Significant Subsidiary which may
hereafter execute an instrument of joinder with respect to this Subsidiary
Guaranty "Guarantors"), in favor of the "Banks" that are parties to the Loan
Agreement hereinafter referred to and in favor of BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL
TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, in its capacity
as Agent for itself and the Banks under such Loan Agreement (the "Agent," the
Agent and the Banks at times referred to collectively herein as "Lender"),
with reference to the following facts:

                           RECITALS
                           --------

            A.  Pursuant to the Loan Agreement of even date herewith entered
into between Lender and THE VONS COMPANIES, INC., a Michigan corporation
("Borrower"), Lender is making certain credit facilities available to
Borrower.

            B.  As a condition to the availability of such credit facilities,
Guarantors are required to enter into this Guaranty in their capacity as
wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Borrower and to guaranty the Guarantied
Obligations as hereinafter provided.

            C.  Guarantors expect to realize direct and indirect benefits as
the result of the availability of the aforementioned credit facilities, and as
the result of the execution of this Guaranty.

                                AGREEMENT
                                ---------

            NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Lender to extend the
aforementioned credit facilities, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which hereby is acknowledged,
Guarantors hereby represent, warrant, covenant, agree and guaranty as follows:

            1.  Definitions.  "Loan Agreement" means that certain Term Loan
                -----------    --------------
Agreement dated as of December 13, 1993, between Lender and Borrower.  This
Guaranty is the Subsidiary Guaranty referred to in the Loan Agreement and is
one of the Loan Documents.  Terms defined in the Loan Agreement and not
otherwise defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings given those terms
in the Loan Agreement when used herein and such definitions are incorporated
herein as though set forth in full.  In addition, as used herein, the
following terms shall have the meanings respectively set forth after each:

            "Guarantied Obligations" means all obligations of Borrower
             ----------------------
under the Loan Documents, whether due or to become due, matured or unmatured,
liquidated or unliquidated, or contingent or noncontingent, including
                                                            ---------
obligations of performance as well as obligations of payment, and including
                                                                  ---------
interest that accrues after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency
proceeding by or against Borrower, Guarantor or any other Person.

            2.  Guaranty of Guarantied Obligations.  For valuable
                ----------------------------------
consideration, Guarantors hereby irrevocably, unconditionally, jointly and
severally guaranty and promise to pay and perform on demand the Guarantied
Obligations and each and every one of them, including, without limitation,
                                            ---------
all amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals or extensions of any of
them, whether such amendments, modifications, supplements, renewals or
extensions are evidenced by new or additional instruments, documents or
agreements or change the rate of interest on any Guarantied Obligation or the
security therefor, or otherwise.

            3.  Nature of Guaranty.  This Guaranty is irrevocable and
                ------------------
continuing in nature and relates to any Guarantied Obligations now existing or
hereafter arising.  This Guaranty is a guaranty of prompt and punctual payment
and performance and is not merely a guaranty of collection.

            4.  Relationship to Other Agreements.  Nothing herein shall in
                --------------------------------
any way modify or limit the effect of terms or conditions set forth in any
other document, instrument or agreement executed by any Guarantor or in
connection with the Guarantied Obligations, but each and every term and
condition hereof shall be in addition thereto.  All provisions contained in
the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document that apply to Loan Documents
generally are fully applicable to this Guaranty and are incorporated herein by
this reference.

            5.  Subordination of Indebtedness of Borrower to a Guarantor
                --------------------------------------------------------
to the Guarantied Obligations.  Each Guarantor agrees that:
- -----------------------------

                (a) Any indebtedness of Borrower now or hereafter owed to
     any Guarantor hereby is subordinated to the Guarantied Obligations.

                (b) If the Agent so requests, any such indebtedness of
     Borrower now or hereafter owed to any Guarantor shall be collected,
     enforced and received by such Guarantor as trustee for Lender and
     shall be paid over to the Agent in kind on account of the Guarantied
     Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the
     obligations of such Guarantor under the other provisions of this
     Guaranty.

                (c) Should such Guarantor fail to collect or enforce any
     such indebtedness of Borrower now or hereafter owed to such Guarantor
     and pay the proceeds thereof to the Agent, the Agent as such
     Guarantor's attorney-in-fact may do such acts and sign such documents
     in such Guarantor's name as the Agent considers necessary or desirable
     to effect such collection, enforcement and/or payment.

            6.  Statute of Limitations and Other Laws.  Until the Guarantied
                -------------------------------------
Obligations shall have been paid and performed in full, all of the rights,
privileges, powers and remedies granted to Lender hereunder shall continue to
exist and may be exercised by Lender at any time and from time to time
irrespective of the fact that any of the Guarantied Obligations may have
become barred by any statute of limitations.  Each Guarantor expressly waives
the benefit of any and all statutes of limitation, and any and all laws
providing for exemption of property from execution or for valuation and
appraisal upon foreclosure, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

            7.  Waivers and Consents.  Each Guarantor acknowledges that the
                --------------------
obligations undertaken herein involve the guaranty of obligations of Persons
other than such Guarantor and, in full recognition of that fact, consents and
agrees that Lender may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or
demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness
hereof:  (a) supplement, modify, amend, extend, renew, accelerate or otherwise
change the time for payment or the terms of the Guarantied Obligations or any
part thereof, including any increase or decrease of the rate(s) of interest
              ---------
thereon; (b) supplement, modify, amend or waive, or enter into or give any
agreement, approval or consent with respect to, the Guarantied Obligations or
any part thereof, or any of the Loan Documents or any additional security or
guaranties, or any condition, covenant, default, remedy, right, representation
or term thereof or thereunder; (c) accept new or additional instruments,
documents or agreements in exchange for or relative to any of the Loan
Documents or the Guarantied Obligations or any part thereof; (d) accept
partial payments on the Guarantied Obligations; (e) receive and hold
additional security or guaranties for the Guarantied Obligations or any part
thereof; (f) release, reconvey, terminate, waive, abandon, fail to perfect,
subordinate, exchange, substitute, transfer and/or enforce any security or
guaranties, and apply any security and direct the order or manner of sale
thereof as Lender in its sole and absolute discretion may determine;
(g) release any Person from any personal liability with respect to the
Guarantied Obligations or any part thereof; (h) settle, release on terms
satisfactory to Lender or by operation of applicable laws or otherwise
liquidate or enforce any Guarantied Obligations and any security or guaranty
therefor in any manner, consent to the transfer of any security and bid and
purchase at any sale; and/or (i) consent to the merger, change or any other
restructuring or termination of the corporate existence of Borrower, any
Guarantor or any other Person, and correspondingly restructure the Guarantied
Obligations, and any such merger, change, restructuring or termination shall
not affect the liability of any Guarantor or the continuing effectiveness
hereof, or the enforceability hereof with respect to all or any part of the
Guarantied Obligations.

            Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, Lender may enforce this Guaranty independently of any other remedy or
security Lender at any time may have or hold in connection with the Guarantied
Obligations, and it shall not be necessary for Lender to marshal assets in
favor of Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person or to proceed upon or
against and/or exhaust any security or remedy before proceeding to enforce
this Guaranty.  Each Guarantor expressly waives any right to require Lender to
marshal assets in favor of Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person or to
proceed against Borrower, any Guarantor or any collateral provided by any
Person, and agrees that Lender may proceed against Borrower, any Guarantor
and/or any collateral in such order as it shall determine in its sole and
absolute discretion.  Lender may file a separate action or actions against
Borrower and/or any Guarantor without respect to whether action is brought or
prosecuted with respect to any security or against any other Person, or
whether any-other Person is joined in any such action or actions.  Each
Guarantor agrees that Lender and Borrower and any affiliate of Borrower may
deal with each other in connection with the Guarantied Obligations or
otherwise, or alter any contracts or agreements now or hereafter existing
between any of them, in any manner whatsoever, all without in any way altering
or affecting the security of this Guaranty.  Lender's rights hereunder shall
be reinstated and revived, and the enforceability of this Guaranty shall
continue, with respect to any amount at any time paid on account of the
Guarantied Obligations which thereafter shall be required to be restored or
returned by Lender upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of
Borrower or any other Person, or otherwise, all as though such amount had not
been paid.  The rights of Lender created or granted herein and the
enforceability of this Guaranty with respect to each Guarantor at all times
shall remain effective to guaranty the full amount of all the Guarantied
Obligations even though the Guarantied Obligations, or any part thereof, or
any security or guaranty therefor, may be or hereafter may become invalid or
otherwise unenforceable as against Borrower or any other guarantor or surety
and whether or not Borrower shall have any personal liability with respect
thereto.  Each Guarantor expressly waives any and all defenses now or
hereafter arising or asserted by reason of (a) any disability or other defense
of Borrower with respect to the Guarantied Obligations, (b) the
unenforceability or invalidity of any security or guaranty for the Guarantied
Obligations or the lack of perfection or continuing perfection or failure of
priority of any security for the Guarantied Obligations, (c) the cessation for
any cause whatsoever of the liability of Borrower (other than by reason of the
full payment and performance of all Guarantied Obligations), (d) any failure
of Lender to marshal assets in favor of Borrower or any other Person, (e) any
failure of Lender to give notice of sale or other disposition of any
collateral to Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person or any defect in any
notice that may be given in connection with any sale or disposition of any

collateral, (f) any failure of Lender to comply with applicable laws in
connection with the sale or other disposition of any collateral or other
security for any Guarantied Obligation, including, without limitation, any
                                        ---------
failure of Lender to conduct a commercially reasonable sale or other
disposition of any collateral or other security for any Guarantied Obligation,
(g) any act or omission of Lender or others that directly or indirectly
results in or aids the discharge or release of Borrower or the Guarantied
Obligations or any security or guaranty therefor by operation of law or
otherwise, (h) any law which provides that the obligation of a surety or
guarantor must neither be larger in amount nor in other respects more
burdensome than that of the principal or which reduces a surety's or
guarantor's obligation in proportion to the principal obligation, (i) any
failure of Lender to file or enforce a claim in any bankruptcy or other
proceeding with respect to any Person, (j) the election by Lender, in any
bankruptcy proceeding of any Person, of the application or non-application of

Section 1111(b)(2) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, (k) any extension of
credit or the grant of any lien under Section 364 of the United States
Bankruptcy Code, (l) any use of cash collateral under Section 363 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code, (m) any agreement or stipulation with respect
to the provision of adequate protection in any bankruptcy proceeding of any
Person, (n) the avoidance of any lien in favor of Lender for any reason,
(o) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of
debt, liquidation or dissolution proceeding commenced by or against any
Person, including any discharge of, or bar or stay against collecting, all or
        ---------
any of the Guarantied Obligations (or any interest thereon) in or as a result
of any such proceeding, or (p) any action taken by Lender that is authorized
by this Section 7 or any other provision of any Loan Document.  Each Guarantor
                -
expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands
for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests,
notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of
any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Guarantied Obligations, and
all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or
incurring of new or additional Guarantied Obligations.

            8.  Condition of Borrower.  Each Guarantor represents and
                ---------------------
warrants to Lender that it has established adequate means of obtaining
financial and other information pertaining to the businesses, operations and
condition (financial and otherwise) of Borrower and its properties on a
continuing basis, and that such Guarantor now is and hereafter will be
completely familiar with the businesses, operations and condition (financial
and otherwise) of Borrower and its properties.  Each Guarantor hereby
expressly waives and relinquishes any duty on the part of Lender (should any
such duty exist) to disclose to any Guarantor any matter, fact or thing
related to the businesses, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of
Borrower or its properties, whether now known or hereafter known by Lender
during the life of this Guaranty.  With respect to any of the Guarantied
Obligations, Lender need not inquire into the powers of Borrower or the
officers or employees acting or purporting to act on its behalf, and all
Guarantied Obligations made or created in good faith reliance upon the
professed exercise of such powers shall be guarantied hereby.

            9.  Liens on Real Property.  In the event that all or any part
                ----------------------
of the Guarantied Obligations at any time are secured by any one or more deeds
of trust or mortgages or other instruments creating or granting liens on any
interests in real property, each Guarantor authorizes Lender, upon the
occurrence of and during the continuance of any Event of Default, at its sole
option, without notice or demand and without affecting any Guarantied
Obligations of any Guarantor, the enforceability of this Guaranty, or the
validity or enforceability of any liens of Lender on any collateral, to
foreclose any or all of such deeds of trust or mortgages or other instruments
by judicial or nonjudicial sale.  Each Guarantor expressly waives any defenses
to the enforcement of this Guaranty or any rights of Lender created or granted
hereby or to the recovery by Lender against Borrower, any Guarantor or any
other Person liable therefor of any deficiency after a judicial or nonjudicial
foreclosure or sale, even though such a foreclosure or sale may impair the
subrogation rights of any Guarantor or may preclude any Guarantor from
obtaining reimbursement or contribution from Borrower.  Each Guarantor
expressly waives any defenses or benefits that may be derived from California
Code of Civil Procedure Section 580a, 580b, 580d or 726, or comparable
provisions of the laws of any other jurisdiction, and all other suretyship
defenses it otherwise might or would have under California law or other
applicable law.  Each Guarantor expressly waives any right to receive notice
of any judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure or sale of any real property or
interest therein subject to any such deeds of trust or mortgages or other
instruments and any Guarantor's or any other Person's failure to receive any
such notice shall not impair or affect Guarantor's Obligations or the
enforceability of this Guaranty or any rights of Lender created or granted
hereby.

            10. Waiver of Rights of Subrogation.  Notwithstanding anything
                -------------------------------
to the contrary elsewhere contained herein, each Guarantor hereby expressly
waives with respect to Borrower and its successors and assigns and any other
Person, any and all rights at Law or in equity to subrogation, reimbursement,
exoneration, contribution, setoff, share in any collateral or any other rights
that could accrue to a surety against a principal, to a guarantor against a
maker or obligor, to an accommodation party against the party accommodated, or
to a holder or transferee against a maker, and which that Guarantor may have
or hereafter acquire against Borrower or any other Person in connection with
or as a result of that Guarantor's execution, delivery and\or performance of
this Guaranty.  In furtherance of the foregoing, each Guarantor agrees that
any payment by that Guarantor to Lender pursuant to this Guaranty shall be
deemed a contribution to the capital of Borrower and no such payment shall
make that Guarantor a creditor of Borrower.  Each Guarantor hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the foregoing waivers are intended to benefit
Borrower and Lender and shall not limit or otherwise affect any Guarantor's
liability hereunder or the enforceability hereof.

            11. Understandings With Respect to Waivers and Consents. 
                ---------------------------------------------------
Each Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers and consents set
forth herein are made after consultation with legal counsel and with full
knowledge of their significance and consequences, with the understanding that
events giving rise to any defense or right waived may diminish, destroy or
otherwise adversely affect rights which such Guarantor otherwise may have
against Borrower, Lender or others, or against any collateral, and that, under
the circumstances, the waivers and consents herein given are reasonable and
not contrary to public policy or law.  If any of the waivers or consents
herein are determined to be unenforceable under applicable law, such waivers
and consents shall be effective to the maximum extent permitted by law.

            12. Costs and Expenses.  Each Guarantor agrees to pay to
                ------------------
Lender all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
                               ---------
attorneys' fees and disbursements) incurred by Lender in the enforcement or
attempted enforcement of this Guaranty, whether or not an action is filed in
connection therewith, and in connection with any waiver or amendment of any
term or provision hereof.  All advances, charges, costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred or paid by
- ---------
Lender in exercising any right, privilege, power or remedy conferred by this
Guaranty, or in the enforcement or attempted enforcement thereof, shall be
subject hereto and shall become a part of the Guarantied Obligations and shall
be paid to Lender by each Guarantor, immediately upon demand, together with
interest thereon at the rate(s) provided for under the Loan Agreement.

            13. Construction of This Guaranty.  This Guaranty is intended
                -----------------------------
to give rise to absolute and unconditional obligations on the part of each
                --------------------------
Guarantor; hence, in any construction hereof, notwithstanding any provision
                                              -----------------------------
of any Loan Document to the contrary, this Guaranty shall be construed
- ------------------------------------
strictly in favor of Lender in order to accomplish its stated purpose.

            14. Liability.  The liability of each Guarantor hereunder is
                ---------
independent of any other guaranties at any time in effect with respect to all
or any part of the Guarantied Obligations, and each Guarantor's liability
hereunder may be enforced regardless of the existence of any such guaranties. 
Any termination by or release of any guarantor in whole or in part (whether it
be another Guarantor under this instrument or not) shall not affect the
continuing liability of any Guarantor hereunder, and no notice of any such
termination or release shall be required.  The execution hereof by each
Guarantor is not founded upon an expectation or understanding that there will
be any other guarantor of the Guarantied Obligations.


            15. Termination of Guaranty.  The liability of each Guarantor
                -----------------------
under this Guaranty shall terminate (i) concurrently with the sale or other
disposition of that Guarantor to a Person which is not an Affiliate of
Borrower pursuant to a transaction which does not violate Section 6.2 of the
Syndicated Loan Agreement (as incorporated by reference into the Loan
Agreement pursuant to Article 7 thereof) or (ii) concurrently with the
delivery to the Agent of a Certificate of a Senior Officer of Borrower to the
effect that that Guarantor is no longer a Significant Subsidiary by reason of
a diminution in the value of the assets of that Guarantor.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has executed this Guaranty by
its duly authorized officers as of the date first written above.
                                    ________________________________
                                    a ________________ corporation


                                    By:______________________________

                                    Title:___________________________


                                    By:______________________________

                                    Title:__________________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.12

                           AMENDMENT 1994-1

                        THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.
                        ------------------------

                              PENSION PLAN
                              ------------


      WHEREAS, The Vons Companies, Inc. (the "Company") maintains The Vons
Companies, Inc. Pension Plan (the "Plan"),

      WHEREAS, Section 8.1 of the Plan provides that the Plan may be amended by
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company;

      WHEREAS, by resolution date December 1, 1993 the Board of Directors has
authorized officers of the Company to execute an amendment to the Plan to
accomplish the foregoing changes in the definition of "Compensation" under the
Plan.

      NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that The Vons Companies, Inc. Pension Plan
is amended effective April 15, 1994 as follows:

      Section 1.2 of the Plan the definition of "Compensation" shall be changed
      as follows:

      "Annual Compensation" shall mean the cash income paid to a Participant
      during a calendar year by the Company or an Affiliated Company for
      services rendered and/or labor performed by him as an Employee.  Such
      cash income shall include wages, salary, overtime, short and long-term
      incentive plan payments and commission payments plus any tax deferred
      savings contributed to a plan qualifying under Section 401(k) of the Code
      as salary reduction contributions or to a cafeteria plan under Section
      125 of the Code.  However, Annual Compensation shall not include any
      unpaid deferred compensation payments, reimbursable moving expenses,
      stock options, Company contributions under this Plan or any group 
      insurance or other benefit plan, such as any other retirement plan or
      capital accumulation plan maintained by the Company for the benefit
      of such Participant, also any imputed income resulting from a Company-  
      provided non-cash benefit or perquisite or any other distributions which
      receive special tax benefits.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for Plan
      Years beginning on or after January 1, 1989, the maximum amount of an
      Employee's Compensation which shall be taken into account under the Plan
      for any Plan Year shall be $200,000 adjusted at the same time and in the
      same manner as under Section 415(d) of the Code.  For purposes of the
      $200,000 limitation referred to above, the Compensation of any 
      Participant who is either a 5% owner (as defined in Section 416(i)(1) of
      the Code), or one of the ten most highly paid highly compensated
      employees as defined in Section 414(q) of the Code during the Plan Year
      ("First Participant") shall be aggregated with the Compensation of any
      Participant who has not attained age 19 and is a lineal descendant of the
      First Participant and any Participant who is the spouse of the First
      Participant.  In any case in which such aggregation would produce
      Compensation in excess of the $200,000 limitation, the amount of the
      First Participant's Compensation that is considered under the Plan shall
      be reduced until the $200,000 limitation is met.

<PAGE>
                            AMENDMENT 1994-1
                THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. PENSION PLAN


Pursuant to the Authority granted in Section 8.1 of The Vons Companies, Inc.
Pension Plan (the "Plan), The Vons Companies, Inc. hereby amends the Plan, as
set forth in the accompanying Amendment 1994-1.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly authorized officer of the Company hereby adopts
this Amendment 1994-1.

                               THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.



Dated: March 23, 1994          By:/s/ Terrence Joseph Wallock
      -------------------         -------------------------------------
                                  Terrence J. Wallock
                               Its: Executive V.P., General Counsel & Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
      Exhibit 10.13

                             TERMINATION AGREEMENT
                             ---------------------

      This Termination Agreement (this "Termination Agreement") is dated as of
December 15, 1993 and is by and between Warehouse Investment Partners, a
         --
California general partnership ("WIP"), its partners (the "WIP Partners") and
The Vons Companies, Inc., a Michigan corporation ("Vons Michigan").

      Reference is made to that certain Real Estate Purchase Agreement and
Escrow Instructions dated as of December 18, 1986 by and between WIP and The
Vons Companies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Vons Delaware"), as such
agreement and instructions may have been amended or modified, either in
writing or orally (the "Agreement").  Vons Michigan (collectively, with Vons
Delaware, "Vons") has succeeded to Vons Delaware's rights and obligations
under the Agreement.

      Pursuant to the Agreement, among other things, Vons Delaware was
obligated (subject to certain conditions to sell WIP Vons Delaware's leasehold
interest (the "Interests") in (a) the Totowa Property under the Totowa Lease
(as those terms are defined in the Agreement) and (b) the Trenton Property
under the Trenton Lease (as those terms are defined in the Agreement).  In
consideration of the payment to WIP of $2,250,000, as herein provided, the
parties hereto wish (a) to terminate all further obligations and liabilities
of Vons under the Agreement including without limitation any obligation of
Vons to transfer to WIP the Interests, (b) to terminate the Agreement and (c)
to release Vons from any claims or liabilities which WIP or any of the WIP 
Partners may possess against Vons with respect to the Agreement.

      Now therefore, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual promises
and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

      1.    Concurrently herewith (a) Vons is delivering to WIP the amount of
$2,250,000, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by WIP, and WIP and the
WIP Partners are delivering to Vons a release executed by WIP and the WIP
Partners in the form of Exhibit "A" hereto, which Exhibit is hereby
incorporated herein by this reference.

      2.    The Agreement is hereby terminated, and neither party will have
any further obligation to the other thereunder of any nature whatsoever.

      3.    WIP and Vons hereby cancel and terminate any escrows with respect
to the Totowa Lease and/or the Trenton Lease, including without limitation
Escrow No. 1456011-BH at First American Title Insurance Company in Santa Ana,
 California and any escrow in New Jersey at any affiliate of First American
Title Insurance Company.  This Termination Agreement shall serve as notice and
instructions to all such escrow companies to terminate such escrows and to
return to the party depositing the same any document or other property or sums
theretofore deposited by such party in such escrows.  Any fees payable to such
escrow companies shall be the responsibility of Vons.

      4.    Wip and the WIP Partners, on the one hand, and Vons, on the other
hand, hereby represent and warrant to the other as follows:

            (a)  The warranting party has all requisite power and authority to
      enter into and carry out its obligations under this Termination
      Agreement (and, in the case of WIP and the WIP Partners, Exhibit "A"
      hereto).  The person executing and delivering this Termination Agreement
      on behalf of the warranting party (and, in the case of WIP and the WIP
      Partners, Exhibit "A" hereto) has been duly authorized to so act by all
      requisite action on the part of such party.

            (b)  The execution, delivery and performance of this Termination
      Agreement (and, in the case of WIP and the WIP Partners, Exhibit "A"
      hereto) by the person executing the same on behalf of the warranting
      party have been duly and validly authorized and this Termination
      Agreement (and, in the case of WIP and the WIP Partners, Exhibit "A"
      hereto) constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
      representing party, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

            (c)  The warranting party has not assigned, sold or otherwise
      transferred or disposed of any of its rights under the Agreement,
      including without limitation in the case of WIP any of its rights to
      purchase the Interests.

      5.    WIP and the WIP Partners hereby represent and warrant to Vons that
the WIP Partners who have executed this Agreement and Exhibit "A" hereto are
all of the partners, general or otherwise, of WIP.

      6.    This Termination Agreement (and Exhibit "A" hereto) shall be
deemed to be the complete and entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior
negotiations, correspondence, understandings or other agreements or statements
between the parties and/or their representatives.

      7.    This Termination Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California.

      8.    Should an action be instituted by any of the parties hereto in any
court of law or equity pertaining to the enforcement of any of the provisions
of this Termination Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover, in addition to any judgment or decree rendered therein, all court
costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses.

      9.    This Termination Agreement shall not be modified except by an
instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

      10.   From time to time, at the request of the requesting party, and
without further consideration and without increasing any party's obligations
hereunder, each party hereto agrees to and shall execute and deliver such
further instruments and take such other action as the requesting party may
reasonably request in order to effectuate the transactions set forth herein,
including without limitation, the execution by WIP has no interest in the
Totowa Lease, the Totowa Property, the Trenton Lease na/or the Trenton
Property.

      In witness whereof, the parties have executed this Termination Agreement
as of the date first written above.

                                WAREHOUSE INVESTORS PARTNERS,
                                a California general partnership

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      General Partner

                                THE WIP PARTNERS

                                FLD Interests

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                /s/ Roger E. Stangeland 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Roger E. Stangeland, as joint tenant
                                     with Lilah M. Stangeland

                                /s/ Lilah M. Stangeland
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Lilah M. Stangeland, as joint tenant
                                     with Roger E. Stangeland

                                /s/ William Y. Tauscher 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                William Y. Tauscher

                                /s/ Donald J. Howard 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Donald J. Howard, as joint tenant
                                    with Corinne Howard

                                /s/ Corinne Howard
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Corinne Howard, as joint tenant
                                    with Donald J. Howard

                                Fountiene K. Prince Trust

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                Fritz L. Duda Trust

                                By /s/ F. Duda   
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                /s/ Harold Beral
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Harold Beral

                                PTJ Capital Corporation,
                                a Texas corporation

                                By /s/ Peter T. Joseph
                                  -----------------------------------------

                                THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.,
                                a Michigan corporation

                                By /s/ Terrence Joseph Wallock
                                  -----------------------------------------

<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT "A"

                                GENERAL RELEASE
                                ---------------

      This General Release (this "Release") is given as of this 15th day of
                                                                ----
December, 1993, by Warehouse Investment Partners, a California general
partnership, for itself and on behalf of all of its present and former
partners and present and former affiliated, subsidiary and/or parent
companies, or corporations, and all of their present and former partners,
officers, directors, agents, employees, representatives and shareholders and
by the partners of Warehouse Investment Partners executing this Release
(collectively referred to as "WIP") in favor of The Vons Companies, Inc., a
Michigan corporation, for itself and on behalf of all of its present and
former affiliated, subsidiary and/or parent companies or corporations, and all
of their present and former officers, directors, agents, employees,
representatives and shareholders.

            Reference is made to that certain Termination Agreement, dated as
of the date hereof, by and between Warehouse Investment Partners, the
Warehouse Investment Partners executing this Release and The Von Companies,
Inc. (the "Termination Agreement), to which this Release is annexed as Exhibit
"A" thereto.  For good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, including without limitation the consideration referred to in
the Termination Agreement, and to induce Vons to enter into the Termination
Agreement, WIP  and the WIP Partners (as that term is defined in the
Termination AGreement) hereby agree as follows:
 
      1.    WIP and each of the WIP Partners hereby releases and forever
discharges Vons and each and every pat and present parent, subsidiary,
affiliated, stockholder, officer, director, agent, servant, employee and
representative of Vons from any, every, and all claims, causes of action,
suits, debts, liens, contracts, obligation, agreements, promises, liabilities,
demands, losses, costs or expenses of any kind, character or nature whatsoever
known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which WIP or any of the WIP Partners
has, may now have, or may hereafter have against said persons, or nay of them,
by reason of any matter cause, or thing whatsoever from the beginning of time
to the date of this Release, arising out of or based upon any activity or
omission whatsoever by said persons, or any of them, in connection with or
related to the Agreement (as that term is defined in the Termination
Agreement).

      2.    WIP and the WIP Partners acknowledge that they have been advised
by legal counsel with respect to its rights and obligations under this Release
and that they are familiar with the provisions of California Civil Code
 Section 1542, which reads as follows:


                  A general release does not extent to claims which the
            creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the
            time of executing the release, which if known by him might have
            materially affected his settlement with the debtor.

WIP and each of the WIP Partners hereby acknowledge that it may have sustained
damages, expenses, and losses which are presently unknown or not suspected and
that such damages, expenses, and losses, if any, may give rise to additional
claims for damages, expenses and losses in the future which are not now
anticipated by it.  Nevertheless, WIP and each of the WIP Partners hereby
acknowledges that this Release has been negotiated and agreed upon in light of
this realization and, being fully aware of the situation, hereby expressly
waives any and all rights that it may have under California Civil Code Section
1542, as well as under any state or federal statute or common law principle of
similar effect.

      3.    WIP and each of the WIP Partners hereby represents and warrants
that there has been no assignment, sale, or other transfer or disposition of
any interest in any of the claims hereinabove released and discharged.

      4.    WIP and each of the WIP Partners hereby understands that if any
fact with respect to any matter covered by this Release is found to be true,
it expressly accepts and assumes the risk of such possible differences in
facts and agrees that this Release shall be, and remain, in effect
notwithstanding such differences in fact.

      5.    This Release shall (a) bind and be enforceable against any and all
successors an assigns of WIP and the WIP Partners and (b) inure to the benefit
of, and be enforceable by, any and all successors and assigns of Vons.

      6.    This Release shall be construed and enforced pursuant to the laws
of the State of California.

      7.    This Release (together with the Termination Agreement) constitutes
the entire agreement between WIP, the WIP Partners and Vons with respect to
the Agreement, and it is expressly understood and agreed that this Release may
not be altered, amended, modified, or otherwise changed in any respect or
particular whatsoever except by a writing expressly referring to this Release
and duly executed by an authorized representative of WIP, the WIP Partners and
Vons.


                                WAREHOUSE INVESTORS PARTNERS,
                                a California general partnership

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------

                                THE WIP PARTNERS

                                FLD Interests

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                  Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                /s/ Roger E. Stangeland 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Roger E. Stangeland, as joint tenant
                                     with Lilah M. Stangeland

                                /s/ Lilah M. Stangeland
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Lilah M. Stangeland, as joint tenant
                                     with Roger E. Stangeland

                                /s/ William Y. Tauscher 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                William Y. Tauscher

                                /s/ Donald J. Howard 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Donald J. Howard, as joint tenant
                                    with Corinne Howard

                                /s/ Corinne Howard
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Corinne Howard, as joint tenant
                                    with Donald J. Howard

                                Fountiene K. Prince Trust

                                By /s/ F. Duda
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                Fritz L. Duda Trust 

                                By /s/ F. Duda   
                                  -----------------------------------------
                                      Fritz L. Duda, Trustee

                                /s/ Harold Beral 
                                -------------------------------------------
                                Harold Beral

                                PTJ Capital Corporation,
                                a Texas corporation

                                By /s/ Peter T. Joseph
                                  -----------------------------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-6
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Exhibit 13

The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Five-Year Selected Financial Data

- -----------------------------------------
The following five-year selected financial data should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     The results of operations acquired from Williams Bros. are
included from January 28, 1992.  During 1992, the Company changed
its method of accounting for income taxes to comply with the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109
"Accounting for Income Taxes."  The change in accounting method
has been applied retroactively to June 28, 1987 by restating
prior years' consolidated financial statements.  During 1992, the
Company implemented the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106 "Employers' Accounting For
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" effective January 3,
1993.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     As of and     As of and    
                    for the 52    for the 53       As of and for the 52 Weeks Ended 
(in millions of    Weeks Ended   Weeks Ended  ----------------------------------------  
 dollars except      January 2,   January 3,  December 29,  December 30,  December 31, 
 share data)           1994         1993         1991          1990           1989
                   ------------  -----------  ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
Summary of 
 Operations:
Sales              $    5,074.5  $   5,595.5  $    5,350.2  $    5,333.9  $    5,220.7
Operating 
  income                  135.8        219.1         197.1         181.0          72.9
Interest
  expense, net             66.0         71.5          86.4          97.6          99.6 
Income (loss)
  before 
  income tax
  provision                69.8        147.6         110.7          83.4         (26.7)
Income (loss)
  before
  extraordinary
  item and 
  cumulative
  effect of
  change in
  accounting
  for retiree 
  medical 
  benefits                 33.0         82.1          66.4          42.6          (7.0)
Income (loss)
  before
  cumulative
  effect of
  change in 
  accounting
  for retiree
  medical 
  benefits                 31.6         69.3          60.1          42.6          (7.0)
Net income 
  (loss)                   31.6         53.8          60.1          42.6          (7.0)
Income (loss)
  applicable to
  common 
  shareholders             31.6         53.8          60.1          42.6          (7.0)
Income (loss)
  per common 
  share before
  extraordinary
  item and
  cumulative
  effect of
  change in
  accounting
  for retiree
  medical 
  benefits                  .76         1.89          1.60          1.10          (.18)
Income (loss)
  per common
  share before
  cumulative 
  effect of
  change in
  accounting
  for retiree
  medical 
  benefits                  .73         1.60          1.45          1.10          (.18)
Net income 
  (loss) per
  common share              .73         1.24          1.45          1.10          (.18)
Dividends paid
  on common 
  stock                      -            -             -             -             -  
Financial
 Position:
Working capital
  (deficit)               (69.3)       (74.9)        (64.2)        (91.4)        (68.2)
Total assets            2,249.5      2,066.0       1,863.2       1,799.5       1,746.4
Long-term debt: 
  Capital lease
    obligations            62.7         56.4          42.3          46.1          49.8 
  Senior debt             497.2        389.2         272.2         290.6         364.0
  Subordinated
    debt, net             322.1        342.5         376.8         437.9         425.0
Common
  shareholders'
  equity                  524.9        493.2         437.7         255.7         212.6
Shareholders'
  equity per 
  common share            12.11        11.38         10.12          6.60          5.49
Other Data:
Weighted
  average
  common 
  shares during
  year, 
  including 
  common share
  equivalents        43,501,000   43,512,000    41,583,000    38,819,000    38,723,000
Outstanding
  common 
  shares at
  year end           43,342,000   43,335,000    43,246,000    38,748,000    38,725,000

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

- -----------------------------------------
Results of Operations

During 1992, the Company changed its method of accounting for
income taxes to comply with the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 "Accounting for Income
Taxes."  The change in accounting method has been applied
retroactively to June 28, 1987 by restating prior years'
consolidated financial statements.  During 1992, the Company
implemented the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106 "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" effective January 3, 1993.

     The following table sets forth the consolidated statements
of operations data (in millions of dollars and as a percentage of
sales except share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Fifty-Two Weeks    Fifty-Three Weeks    Fifty-Two Weeks
                                    Ended               Ended               Ended
                               January 2, 1994     January 3, 1993    December 29, 1991
                              -----------------   -----------------   -----------------
<S>                           <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>
Sales                         $5,074.5    100.0%  $5,595.5    100.0%  $5,350.2    100.0%
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales, buying 
    and occupancy              3,801.4     74.9    4,200.3     75.1    4,059.4     75.9
  Selling and
    administrative
    expenses                   1,065.4     21.0    1,161.2     20.8    1,079.4     20.2
  Amortization of excess
    cost over net assets
    acquired                      15.0       .3       14.9       .2       14.3       .2
  Restructuring charge            56.9      1.1         -        -          -        -
Operating income                 135.8      2.7      219.1      3.9      197.1      3.7
Interest expense, net             66.0      1.3       71.5      1.3       86.4      1.6
Income before income 
  tax provision                   69.8      1.4      147.6      2.6      110.7      2.1
Income tax provision              36.8       .7       65.5      1.1       44.3       .9
Income before
  extraordinary item 
  and cumulative effect
  of change in
  accounting for retiree
  medical benefits                33.0       .7       82.1      1.5       66.4      1.2
Extraordinary item                (1.4)     (.1)     (12.8)     (.2)      (6.3)     (.1)
Cumulative effect of 
  change in accounting
  for retiree medical
  benefits                          -        -       (15.5)     (.3)        -        -
Net income                        31.6       .6       53.8      1.0       60.1      1.1
Income per common share:
  Income before 
    extraordinary item
    and cumulative
    effect of change in
    accounting for
    retiree medical
    benefits                       .76                1.89                1.60 
  Extraordinary item              (.03)               (.29)               (.15)
  Cumulative effect of
    change in accounting
    for retiree medical
    benefits                        -                 (.36)                 -
  Net income                       .73                1.24                1.45
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
Comparison of Fifty-Two Weeks Ended January 2, 1994 with Fifty-
Three Weeks Ended January 3, 1993
Sales
Sales for 1993 were $5,074.5 million, a decrease of $521.0
million, or 9.3%, from 1992.  Sales in 1992 reflected an
additional week.  On a comparable 52-week basis, same store sales
decreased 9.0% from 1992 sales.  Same store sales have been
adversely impacted by the continuing weak overall economic
environment in Southern California, ongoing competitive new store
and remodel activity, pricing and promotional changes by certain
competitors and adverse publicity associated with the Foodmaker
food poisoning epidemic and related events.  In 1993, the Company
opened 12 new stores, closed 12 stores and completed 59 store
remodel projects.

Costs and Expenses
Costs and expenses for 1993 were $4,938.7 million, a decrease of
$437.7 million, or 8.1%, from 1992.
     Cost of sales, buying and occupancy expenses as a percentage
of sales declined by 0.2 percentage points to 74.9% in 1993. 
Cost of sales, buying and occupancy expenses benefited from the
Company's favorable purchasing opportunities, the pass through of
market-wide cost increases in the form of higher prices, and
other improvements in margins where allowed by competitive
conditions.  In addition, this improvement reflected the benefits
of the Company's ongoing remodel and new store programs, which
incorporate a larger number of higher margin departments in
affected stores, as well as the benefits of capital spending for
other merchandising projects designed to enhance gross margin. 
This improvement was offset by increased occupancy costs,
primarily higher depreciation expense related to the capital
expenditure program.
     Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales
increased by 0.2 percentage points to 21.0% in 1993.  This
increase was due primarily to market-wide negotiated union wage
increases and higher blended wage rates and costs associated with
a soft sales environment, offset by increased sales per labor
hour.
     In response to the weak economic environment in the regions
it serves, and other factors having a negative impact on sales,
the Company commenced a cost containment and strategic
restructuring program.  The $56.9 million, or $.77 per share,
restructuring charge recorded in the third quarter of 1993
primarily reflects expenses relating to the accelerated closure
of underperforming facilities, including approximately 11 stores,
and a reduction in administrative staff.  In addition, the
Company has reorganized its store district operations in 1993 to
be leaner and more efficient and is pursuing other potentially
significant initiatives designed to increase efficiency and lower
its cost structure over time.  In total, approximately 300
employees will have been impacted.  This program is expected to
produce significant expense reductions.  As the expense savings
are realized, the Company intends to reinvest them in the
business in the form of improved product pricing and promotions
and better customer service.  This is a long-term plan intended
to lower the Company's cost structure, which ultimately will
improve the Company's ability to achieve strong, sustainable
earnings growth over the long run.

Operating Income
Operating income was $135.8 million, a decrease of $83.3 million,
or 38.0%, from 1992.  Operating margin decreased to 2.7% in 1993
from 3.9% in 1992, primarily due to the restructuring charge and
decreased sales.  Operating income before depreciation and
amortization of property, amortization of goodwill and other
assets, LIFO charge and restructuring charge ("FIFO EBITDA") was
$305.8 million, or 6.0% of sales, in 1993 compared with $321.1
million, or 5.7% of sales, in 1992.

Interest Expense
Net interest expense for 1993 was $66.0 million, a decrease of
$5.5 million, or 7.7%, from 1992.  In spite of higher average
revolving debt borrowings, interest expense decreased due to
lower weighted average interest cost on revolving debt and
repurchases of higher interest cost subordinated debt.  The ratio
of FIFO EBITDA to total interest expense increased to 4.6 times
in 1993 versus 4.5 times in 1992.

Income Tax Provision
The income tax provision in 1993 was $36.8 million, or a 52.7%
effective tax rate.  The income tax provision in 1992 was $65.5
million, or a 44.4% effective tax rate. The 1993 increase in the
effective tax rate was due to a decrease in income before income
tax provision which was not offset by a comparable decrease in
amortization of excess cost over net assets acquired, the
majority of which is not deductible for tax purposes.  The 1993
effective tax rate was also impacted by an increase in the
Federal statutory tax rate from 34% to 35% and a $2.0 million
deferred tax provision which increased the prior year deferred
income tax balance to the new Federal statutory tax rate.

Income
Income before extraordinary item and cumulative effect of change
in accounting for 1993 was $33.0 million, a decrease of $49.1
million, or 59.8%, from 1992.  Income before extraordinary item
and cumulative effect of change in accounting in 1993 was $.76
per share compared with $1.89 per share in 1992. These decreases
were due to the $56.9 million charge associated with the
Company's restructuring program and a decline in sales.
     Net income for 1993 reflected an extraordinary after tax
charge of $1.4 million, or $.03 per share, arising from debt
refinancing.  Net income for 1992 included an extraordinary after
tax charge of $12.8 million, or $.29 per share, arising from debt
refinancing and an after tax charge of $15.5 million, or $.36 per
share, reflecting the cumulative effect of the change in
accounting for retiree medical benefits.
     Net income for 1993 was $31.6 million, or $.73 per share,
compared with net income of $53.8 million, or $1.24 per share, in
1992.

Comparison of Fifty-Three Weeks Ended January 3, 1993 with Fifty-
Two Weeks Ended December 29, 1991
Sales
Sales for 1992 were $5,595.5 million, an increase of $245.3
million, or 4.6%, over 1991.  The sales increase reflected the
additional week in 1992 as well as the January 28, 1992
acquisition of the Williams Bros. stores and the Company's
remodel and new store programs.  On a comparable 52-week basis,
same store sales decreased 2.0% from 1991 sales.  Same stores
sales have been adversely impacted by the recessionary
environment in Southern California, new store openings and
remodels by competitors and lower overall levels of inflation. 
In 1992, the Company opened eight new stores, acquired 18
Williams Bros. stores, closed one store and completed 68 store
remodel projects.

Costs and Expenses
Costs and expenses for 1992 were $5,376.4 million, an increase of
$223.3 million, or 4.3%, over 1991.
     Cost of sales, buying and occupancy expenses as a percentage
of sales declined by 0.8 percentage points to 75.1% in 1992. 
This improvement reflected the benefits of the Company's ongoing
remodel and new store programs, which incorporate a larger number
of higher margin departments in affected stores, as well as the
benefits of capital spending for other merchandising projects
designed to enhance gross margin.  In addition, cost of sales,
buying and occupancy expenses benefited from the Company's
favorable purchasing opportunities, the continuing ability to
pass through market-wide cost increases in the form of higher
prices, and other improvements in margins where allowed by
competitive conditions.  This improvement was partially offset by
increased occupancy costs, primarily higher depreciation expense
related to the capital expenditure program.

     Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales
increased by 0.6 percentage points to 20.8% in 1992.  This
increase was due primarily to market-wide negotiated union wage
increases and higher blended wage rates and costs associated with
a soft sales environment, partially offset by increased sales per
labor hour.  Expenses were also adversely impacted by higher
workers' compensation costs associated primarily with the new
California law which took effect in 1990.  The increase in
selling and administrative expenses was partially offset by more
effective control over other store expenses.

Operating Income
Operating income was $219.1 million, an increase of $22.0
million, or 11.2%, over 1991.  Operating margin increased to 3.9%
in 1992 from 3.7% in 1991.  The effect of lower same store sales
and increased selling and administrative expenses were more than
fully offset by improved gross margin.  FIFO EBITDA was $321.1
million, or 5.7% of sales, in 1992 compared with $280.7 million,
or 5.2% of sales, in 1991.

Interest Expense
Net interest expense for 1992 was $71.5 million, a decrease of
$14.9 million, or 17.2%, from 1991.  In spite of higher average
revolving debt borrowings, interest expense decreased due to a
lower weighted average interest cost on revolving debt and
repurchases of higher interest cost subordinated debt.  The ratio
of FIFO EBITDA to total interest expense increased to 4.5 times
in 1992 versus 3.2 times in 1991.

Income Tax Provision
The income tax provision in 1992 was $65.5 million, or a 44.4%
effective tax rate.  The 1992 effective tax rate is higher than
the incremental tax rate of 40.1% due primarily to amortization
of excess cost over net assets acquired of which the majority is
not deductible for tax purposes.  The income tax provision in
1991 was $44.3 million, or a 40.0% effective tax rate, reflecting
the benefit of certain tax credits.

Income
Income before extraordinary item and cumulative effect of change
in accounting for 1992 was $82.1 million, an increase of $15.7
million, or 23.6%, over 1991.  Income before extraordinary item
and cumulative effect of change in accounting in 1992 was $1.89
per share compared with $1.60 per share in 1991, reflecting an
improvement in operating income and interest cost savings,
partially offset by a higher effective tax rate.
     Net income for 1992 reflected an extraordinary after tax
charge of $12.8 million, or $.29 per share, arising from debt
refinancing and an after tax charge of $15.5 million, or $.36 per
share, reflecting the cumulative effect of the change in
accounting for retiree medical benefits.  Net income for 1991
included an extraordinary after tax charge of $6.3 million, or
$.15 per share, arising from debt refinancing.
     Net income for 1992 was $53.8 million, or $1.24 per share,
compared with net income of $60.1 million, or $1.45 per share, in
1991.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from
operations and available credit under its Revolving Credit
Facility.  Management believes that these sources adequately
provide for its working capital, capital expenditure and debt
service needs.
     Net cash provided by operating activities was $185.6 million
in 1993 compared with $268.7 million in 1992.  This decrease was
due primarily to changes in assets and liabilities generally
reflecting the timing of disbursements.  The ratio of current
assets to current liabilities was 0.87 to 1 at January 2, 1994,
compared with 0.86 to 1 at January 3, 1993.
     Net cash used for investing activities was $262.2 million in
1993 compared with $266.5 million in 1992.  Cash capital
expenditures for 1993 totaled $268.9 million, consisting of
$253.7 million for new stores and store projects and the buy out
of certain operating leases and $15.2 million for manufacturing,
distribution and other support facilities.  Total capital
expenditures in 1993, including the present value of commitments
under operating leases, were $274.4 million.  
     The Company anticipates that total 1994 capital expenditures
will be approximately $215 million, of which $182 million will be
cash capital expenditures and $33 million will represent the
present value of commitments under operating leases.  These
capital expenditure levels contemplate the opening of ten to 15
new stores and the completion of ten to 15 store remodel
projects.  The capital expenditure program has substantial
flexibility and is subject to revision based on various factors,
including, but not limited to, business conditions, changing time
constraints, cash flow requirements and competitive factors.
     It is anticipated that 1994 cash capital expenditures will
be funded out of cash provided by operations, the Revolving
Credit Facility, and/or through operating leases, although no
assurance can be given that such sources will be sufficient.  In
the near term, if Vons were to reduce substantially or postpone
its capital expenditure program, there would be no substantial
impact on current operations and it is likely that more cash
would be available for debt servicing.  In the long term, if this
program were substantially reduced, in the Company's opinion, its
operating business and ultimately its cash flow would be
adversely impacted.
     Net cash provided by financing activities was $76.8 million
in 1993 compared with net cash used for financing activities of
$0.6 million in 1992.  The level of borrowings under the
Company's revolving debt is dependent primarily upon cash flows
from operations, the timing of disbursements, long-term borrowing
activity and capital expenditure requirements.  In 1993 and 1992,
the Company repurchased and/or redeemed $27.1 million and $289.7
million, respectively, of subordinated debt.  The 1993 revolving
debt balance was also impacted by the completion of a $150
million term loan.  The 1992 revolving debt balance was also
impacted by the issuance of $250 million of subordinated debt and
the expenditure of $49.1 million for the Williams Bros.
acquisition.
     At January 2, 1994, revolving debt borrowings totaled $217.7
million and the Company had available unused credit of $175.5
million.  The weighted average interest cost for 1993 on the
Company's revolving debt was 4.0%.  At January 2, 1994, the
corresponding bank prime rate was 6.0%.

Impact of Changing Prices
Vons' primary costs, inventory and labor, are affected by a
number of factors that are beyond the Company's control including
availability and price of merchandise, the competitive climate
and general and regional economic conditions.  As is typical of
the supermarket industry, the Company has generally been able to
maintain margins by adjusting its retail prices, but competitive
conditions may from time to time render it unable to do so while
maintaining its market share.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Consolidated Statements of Operations
<CAPTION>

                                                           Fiscal Year Ended
                                               -----------------------------------------
All amounts except share data                   January 2,     January 3,   December 29,
in millions of dollars                             1994           1993          1991
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                            <C>            <C>           <C> 
Sales                                          $     5,074.5  $    5,595.5  $    5,350.2
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales, buying and 
    occupancy                                        3,801.4       4,200.3       4,059.4
  Selling and administrative 
    expenses                                         1,065.4       1,161.2       1,079.4
  Amortization of excess cost 
    over net assets acquired                            15.0          14.9          14.3
  Restructuring charge                                  56.9            -             -
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
                                                     4,938.7       5,376.4       5,153.1
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Operating income                                       135.8         219.1         197.1
Interest expense, net                                   66.0          71.5          86.4
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Income before income tax provision                      69.8         147.6         110.7
Income tax provision                                    36.8          65.5          44.3
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Income before extraordinary item 
  and cumulative effect of change
  in accounting for retiree 
  medical benefits                                      33.0          82.1          66.4
Extraordinary item - debt
  refinancing, net of tax benefit
  of $1.0 million, $8.6 million 
  and $4.3 million, respectively                        (1.4)        (12.8)         (6.3)
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Income before cumulative effect 
  of change in accounting for
  retiree medical benefits                              31.6          69.3          60.1
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting for retiree medical
  benefits, net of tax benefit of
  $10.2 million                                           -          (15.5)           -
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Net income                                     $        31.6  $       53.8  $       60.1
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------ 
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Income per common share:
  Income before extraordinary item
    and cumulative effect of 
    change in accounting for 
    retiree medical benefits                   $         .76  $       1.89  $       1.60
  Extraordinary item                                    (.03)         (.29)         (.15)
  Cumulative effect of change in 
    accounting for retiree medical
    benefits                                              -           (.36)           -
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
  Net income                                   $         .73  $       1.24  $       1.45
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Weighted average common shares 
  and common share equivalents                    43,501,000    43,512,000    41,583,000
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
Dividends paid on common stock                     None           None          None
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
                                               -------------  ------------  ------------
<FN>
See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------
Consolidated Balance Sheets

<CAPTION>
                                                          January 2,       January 3,
All amounts except share data in millions of dollars         1994             1993    
                                                         ------------     ------------
<S>                                                      <C>              <C>
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash                                                   $        8.5     $        8.3
  Accounts receivable                                            36.3             41.7 
  Inventories                                                   383.5            371.7
  Other                                                          45.1             43.0
                                                         ------------     ------------
    Total current assets                                        473.4            464.7
Properties and equipment, net                                 1,215.6          1,032.2
Excess of cost over net assets acquired,
  net of accumulated amortization of $88.6
  million and $73.6 million, respectively                       512.9            527.9
Other                                                            47.6             41.2
                                                         ------------     ------------
  Total Assets                                           $    2,249.5     $    2,066.0
                                                         ------------     ------------
                                                         ------------     ------------
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
  Current maturities of capital lease 
    obligations and long-term debt                       $        8.6     $        7.1
  Accounts payable                                              314.5            299.7
  Accrued liabilities                                           219.6            232.8
                                                         ------------     ------------
    Total current liabilities                                   542.7            539.6
Accrued self-insurance                                          102.3             95.6
Deferred income taxes                                           111.2             93.3
Other noncurrent liabilities                                     86.4             56.2
Capital lease obligations                                        62.7             56.4
Senior debt                                                     497.2            389.2
Subordinated debt, net                                          322.1            342.5
                                                         ------------     ------------
  Total liabilities                                           1,724.6          1,572.8
                                                         ------------     ------------
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock - $.01 par value; 
    authorized 20,000,000 shares;
    issued and outstanding - none                                  -                -
  Common stock - $.10 par value; authorized 
    100,000,000 shares; issued and
    outstanding - January 2, 1994:
    43,342,000 shares; January 3, 1993:
    43,335,000 shares                                             4.3              4.3
  Paid-in capital                                               339.5            339.4
  Retained earnings                                             181.2            149.6
  Notes receivable for stock                                      (.1)             (.1)
                                                         ------------     ------------
    Total shareholders' equity                                  524.9            493.2
                                                         ------------     ------------
  Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity             $    2,249.5     $    2,066.0
                                                         ------------     ------------
                                                         ------------     ------------
<FN>
See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<CAPTION>
                                                       Fiscal Year Ended
                                      --------------------------------------------------
                                        January 2,        January 3,        December 29,
All amounts in millions of dollars         1994               1993               1991
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
<S>                                   <C>                <C>                <C>  
Cash flows from operating
  activities:
Net income                            $       31.6       $       53.8       $       60.1
Adjustments to reconcile net
  income to net cash provided by
  operating activities:
    Debt refinancing                           1.4               12.8                6.3
    Cumulative effect of change
      in accounting for retiree
      medical benefits                          -                15.5                 - 
    Restructuring charge                      56.9                 -                  -
    Depreciation and 
      amortization of property
      and capital leases                      90.9               75.7               64.6
    Amortization of excess cost
      over net assets acquired
      and other assets                        18.6               19.8               18.4
    Amortization of debt
      discount and deferred
      financing costs                          6.2                6.4                7.6
    LIFO charge                                3.6                6.5                 .6
    Deferred income taxes                     15.9                (.3)               8.2
    Change in assets and
      liabilities, net of effect
      of acquisition:
        (Increase) decrease in
        accounts receivable                    5.4               (5.2)              (1.8)
        (Increase) decrease in 
          inventories at FIFO
          costs                              (15.4)              10.2              (11.8)
        (Increase) decrease in
          other current assets                 (.1)              (2.4)               1.7
        (Increase) decrease in
          noncurrent assets                  (11.5)               2.1               (4.2)
        Increase (decrease) in 
          accounts payable                    14.3               25.0              (25.2)
        Increase (decrease) in
          accrued liabilities                (31.8)              36.0                (.1)
        Increase (decrease) in
          noncurrent liabilities               (.4)              12.8               (9.0)
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash provided by operating
  activities                                 185.6              268.7              115.4 
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Cash flows from investing
  activities:
    Addition of property, plant 
      and equipment                         (268.9)            (217.6)            (156.8) 
    Disposal of property, plant
      and equipment                            6.7                 .2                3.6
    Acquisition of Williams
      Bros. Markets, Inc.
      supermarket business                      -               (49.1)                -
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash used by investing 
  activities                                (262.2)            (266.5)            (153.2)
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Cash flows from financing 
  activities: 
    Net borrowings (payments) on
      revolving debt                         (37.0)             114.0              (16.2)
    Proceeds from issuance of
      senior subordinated notes                 -               250.0                 -  
    Proceeds from Term Loan
      Facility                               150.0                 -                  -
    Issuance of common stock, 
      net of costs incurred                     -                  -               121.5 
    Repurchases of senior 
      subordinated and 
      subordinated debentures                (27.1)            (304.0)             (69.6)
    Increase (decrease) in net
      outstanding drafts                        .5              (43.5)               9.2 
    Payments on other debt and 
      capital lease obligations               (9.3)              (9.2)              (5.6)
    Other                                      (.3)              (7.9)              (1.2)
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash provided (used) by
  financing activities                        76.8                (.6)              38.1 
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Net cash increase                               .2                1.6                 .3 
Cash at beginning of year                      8.3                6.7                6.4 
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Cash at end of year                   $        8.5       $        8.3       $        6.7 
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
                                      ------------       ------------       ------------
Supplemental disclosures of 
  cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for:
      Interest                        $       60.0       $       73.3      $        82.3
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
      Income taxes                    $       26.1       $       49.9      $        29.0
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
Supplemental disclosure of
  non-cash investing and
  financing activity:
    Capital leases                    $       13.3       $       18.1      $          - 
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
                                      ------------       ------------      -------------
<FN>
See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

<CAPTION>
                            Number         
                              of      Common    Paid-In    Retained 
All amounts in millions     Shares    Stock     Capital    Earnings     Notes     Total
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
<S>                         <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>
Balance at December 30,
  1990                        38.7    $  3.9    $ 216.3    $    35.7    $  (.2)   $255.7

Net income                      -         -          -          60.1        -       60.1
Stock options exercised         -         -          .2           -         -         .2
Issuance of common stock,
  net of costs incurred        4.5        .4      121.1           -         -      121.5
Receipt of payment on  
  notes receivable              -         -          -            -         .2        .2
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
Balance at December 29, 
  1991                        43.2       4.3      337.6         95.8        -      437.7
 
Net income                      -         -          -          53.8        -       53.8
Stock options exercised         .1        -         1.8           -         -        1.8
Issuance of notes 
  receivable                    -         -          -            -        (.1)      (.1)
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
Balance at January 3,
  1993                        43.3       4.3      339.4        149.6       (.1)    493.2

Net income                      -         -          -          31.6        -       31.6
Stock options exercised         -         -          .1           -         -         .1
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
Balance at January 2, 
  1994                        43.3    $  4.3    $ 339.5    $   181.2    $  (.1)   $524.9
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
                            ------    ------    -------    ---------    ------    ------
<FN>
See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

- -----------------------------------------
Note 1. Basis of Presentation
At January 2, 1994, the Company operated 345 supermarkets and
food and drug combination retail stores under the names Vons,
Vons Food and Drug, Pavilions, Tianguis and EXPO.  The Company
also operates a fluid milk processing facility, an ice cream
plant, a bakery, a delicatessen kitchen and distribution
facilities for meat, grocery, produce and general merchandise.
     On January 28, 1992, the Company acquired the supermarket
business of Williams Bros. Markets, Inc. which included 18
supermarkets.
     The Company's fiscal year is based on a 52-53 week fiscal
year ending on the Sunday closest to December 31.  Fiscal year
1993 included 52 weeks which ended on January 2, 1994.  Fiscal
year 1992 included 53 weeks which ended on January 3, 1993. 
Fiscal year 1991 included 52 weeks which ended on December 29,
1991.

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  The cost
of substantially all inventories is determined using the last-in,
first-out (LIFO) method.

Properties and Depreciation 
Properties and equipment, including assets under capital leases,
are recorded at cost and depreciated or amortized over forty
years for buildings, up to ten years for fixtures and equipment
and generally between ten and twenty years, but not to exceed the
lease term, for leasehold improvements using principally the
straight-line method for financial reporting purposes and
accelerated methods for tax purposes.  Major renewals and
improvements are capitalized.  Maintenance and repairs which do
not improve or extend the life of the respective assets are
charged to expense.

Amortization of Intangible Assets 
The excess of cost over net assets acquired is amortized on a
straight-line basis over forty years.  The Company assesses the
recoverability of the excess of cost over net assets acquired
based on projected future operating results.  Other noncurrent
assets include an agreement not to compete acquired in connection
with the acquisition of substantially all of the Southern
California operations of Safeway Inc. ("Safeway") and an
agreement not to compete acquired in connection with the
acquisition of the Williams Bros. Markets, Inc. supermarket
business.  The agreements not to compete are amortized on a
straight-line basis over five years.

Income Tax Provision 
The income tax provision includes amounts related to current
taxable income and deferred income taxes.  A deferred income tax
asset or liability is determined by applying currently enacted
tax laws and rates to the expected reversals of the cumulative
temporary differences between the carrying value of assets and
liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes.  The
deferred income tax provision is measured by the change in the
net deferred income tax asset or liability during the year.  The
Company accounts for general business tax credits using the flow-
through method.

Income per Common Share 
Income per common share is based on the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during each year and includes common
stock equivalents arising from stock options when the effect is
dilutive.

Disclosure About Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
The fair value of the Company's debt instruments is based on the
quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the
current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same
remaining maturities.

Reclassifications 
Certain reclassifications were made to prior years' balances for
comparative purposes.

Note 3. Inventories
The excess of estimated current cost over LIFO carrying value of
inventories was $25.1 million and $21.5 million at January 2,
1994 and January 3, 1993, respectively.  Application of the LIFO
method resulted in a charge to cost of sales of $3.6 million,
$6.5 million and $0.6 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.

Note 4. Properties and Equipment
The components of properties and equipment at January 2, 1994 and
January 3, 1993 were as follows (in millions of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     January 2,     January 3,
                                        1994           1993
                                    ------------   ------------
<S>                                 <C>            <C>
Land                                $      220.0   $      171.8
Buildings                                  325.7          299.9
Leasehold improvements                     302.3          265.1
Fixtures and equipment                     658.2          514.9
                                    ------------   ------------
                                         1,506.2        1,251.7
Less: accumulated depreciation 
  and amortization                        (345.5)        (268.0)
                                    ------------   ------------
  Net property owned                     1,160.7          983.7
                                    ------------   ------------
Capital leases                              76.4           67.2
Less: accumulated amortization             (21.5)         (18.7)
                                    ------------   ------------
  Net capital leases                        54.9           48.5
                                    ------------   ------------
  Properties and equipment, net     $    1,215.6   $    1,032.2
                                    ------------   ------------
                                    ------------   ------------
</TABLE>

Note 5. Accrued Current Liabilities
The components of accrued current liabilities at January 2, 1994
and January 3, 1993 were as follows (in millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     January 2,     January 3,
                                        1994           1993
                                    ------------   ------------
<S>                                 <C>            <C>
Accrued payroll, benefits and 
  related taxes                     $       85.7   $       98.9
Accrued self-insurance                      47.2           52.4
Other                                       86.7           81.5
                                    ------------   ------------
  Accrued current liabilities       $      219.6   $      232.8
                                    ------------   ------------
                                    ------------   ------------
</TABLE>

Note 6. Senior and Subordinated Debt
Senior and subordinated debt as of January 2, 1994 and January 3,
1993 were as follows (in millions of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     January 2,     January 3,
                                        1994           1993
                                    ------------   ------------
<S>                                 <C>            <C> 
Senior debt:
  Revolving Credit Facility,
    interest at prime,
    certificate of deposit 
    or Eurodollar rate plus
    designated amounts, 
    due 1996                        $      217.7   $      254.7
  Term Loan Facility, interest at
    prime, certificate of deposit
    or Eurodollar rate plus
    designated amounts, due 1996           150.0             -
  Mortgage, 9.25%, secured by 
    real property, due in monthly
    installments of $1.0 million
    including interest, due 1997           116.7          118.4
  Mortgages, 6.00% to 12.25%,
    secured by real property, due
    in varying  monthly 
    installments with maturity
    dates from 1994 to 2009                 16.1           17.1
  Other contracts, 10.69% to
    10.95%, secured by personal
    property, due in varying
    monthly installments                      -             2.2
                                    ------------   ------------
      Total                                500.5          392.4
  Less: current portion                      3.3            3.2
                                    ------------   ------------
    Long-term portion               $      497.2   $      389.2
                                    ------------   ------------
                                    ------------   ------------
Subordinated debt:
  Senior subordinated 
    debentures, 6-5/8%, less
    unamortized discount of
    $15.4 million and $22.1
    million at January 2, 1994
    and  January 3, 1993,
    respectively, based on an
    effective interest rate of
    12.5%, interest due in
    semiannual installments         $       72.1   $       92.5
  Senior subordinated notes,
    9-5/8%, interest due in 
    semiannual installments                150.0          150.0
  Senior subordinated notes,
    8-3/8%, interest due in 
    semiannual installments                100.0          100.0
                                    ------------   ------------
    Total                           $      322.1   $      342.5
                                    ------------   ------------
                                    ------------   ------------
</TABLE>

     In October 1991, the Company entered into a loan agreement
with a group of banks for a $475 million revolving credit
facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility").  The Revolving Credit
Facility replaced the Company's $421 million Reducing Revolving
Credit Facility (the "Revolving Loan").  During 1991, the Company
recognized an extraordinary after tax charge of $2.9 million for
unamortized bank fees associated with the Revolving Loan.
     The Revolving Credit Facility, which matures on January 31,
1996, is comprised of two separate lines:  Line A - a $300
million revolving line; and Line B - a $175 million standby and
commercial letters of credit line.  At the Company's option, the
lines may be used to support commercial paper borrowings, other
unsecured bank borrowings and letters of credit outside the
Revolving Credit Facility.  Under certain conditions, commitments
can be transferred in $5 million increments between the lines,
provided Line B does not exceed $175 million.  At January 2,
1994, borrowings under Line A were $217.7 million and letters of
credit under Line B were $81.8 million.  Available unused credit
under the Revolving Credit Facility was $175.5 million at January
2, 1994.
     In December 1993, the Company entered into a loan agreement
with a group of banks for a $150 million Senior Unsecured Term
Loan Facility (the "Term Loan Facility").  The Term Loan Facility
matures on January 31, 1996.
     During 1992, the Company purchased three interest rate cap
contracts with two, three and five year maturity dates.  All of
the interest rate cap contracts became effective on January 1,
1993.  The contracts hedge principal amounts of $250 million for
1993 and 1994, $200 million for 1995, and $100 million for 1996
and 1997 of interest rate exposure in excess of an approximate
8.75% effective borrowing rate under the Revolving Credit
Facility against possible increases in short-term interest rates.
The Company records interest expense or interest income related
to interest rate cap contracts on a monthly basis.  Weighted
average interest costs, including commitment fees, for the
Revolving Credit Facility and for the Term Loan Facility for 1993
were 4.0%.  At January 2, 1994, the corresponding bank prime rate
was 6.0%.  Commitment fees under the Revolving Credit and Term
Loan Facilities and Revolving Loan were $1.5 million, $1.5
million and $1.3 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
     The Company's $116.7 million mortgage loan requires monthly
principal and interest payments of approximately $1 million with
a one-time payment of approximately $111 million in July 1997.
     The indenture related to the 6-5/8% Senior Subordinated
Debentures (the "6-5/8% Debt") provides for the mandatory
redemption of $12.5 million principal amount on May 15, 1994 and
$25 million principal amount on each May 15 thereafter through
May 15, 1997, with the balance due on May 15, 1998.  The 6-5/8%
Debt may be redeemed at any time at 100% of principal amount plus
accrued interest.  The  6-5/8% Debt was issued at a discount
which is being amortized over the related term of the
indebtedness.  During 1993, the Company early retired through
repurchase $27.1 million of the 6-5/8% Debt for an aggregate
purchase price of $27.1 million.  This early retirement of debt
resulted in an extraordinary after tax charge of $1.4 million in
1993.  The Company has applied these repurchases, along with
prior years' repurchases, to satisfy the mandatory redemptions in
1994 and 1995 described above. 
     The indenture related to the 9-5/8% Senior Subordinated
Notes (the "9-5/8% Debt") due April 1, 2002 provides for
principal repayment at maturity.  Interest on the 9-5/8% Debt,
payable semiannually on April 1 and October 1, commenced October
1, 1992.  The 9-5/8% Debt may be redeemed at the Company's option
any time on or after April 1, 1997, at varying percentages above
par of the principal amount plus accrued interest.  The Company
is not required to make mandatory redemption or sinking fund
payments with respect to the 9-5/8% Debt prior to maturity.
     The indenture related to the 8-3/8% Senior Subordinated
Notes (the "8-3/8% Debt") due October 1, 1999 provides for
principal repayment at maturity.  Interest on the 8-3/8% Debt,
payable semiannually on October 1 and April 1, commenced April 1,
1993.  The 8-3/8% Debt may be redeemed at the Company's option
any time on or after October 1, 1997, at 100% of the principal
amount  plus accrued interest.  The Company is not required to
make mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect
to the 8-3/8% Debt prior to maturity.
     At January 2, 1994, the Company's debt instruments' carrying
value approximated fair value.
     During 1992, the Company repurchased and/or redeemed $114.4
million of the 12-3/4% Senior Subordinated Discount Debentures
(the "12-3/4% Debt"), $85.1 million of the 13% Subordinated
Debentures (the "13% Debt"), $7.1 million of the 6-5/8% Debt and
$83.1 million of the 12-7/8% Senior Subordinated Reset Notes (the
"Reset Notes") for an aggregate purchase price of $304.0 million.

These repurchases resulted in an extraordinary after tax charge
of $12.8 million in 1992.
     During 1991, the Company repurchased $30.6 million of the
12-3/4% Debt, $14.9 million of the 13% Debt, $3.3 million of the
6-5/8% Debt and $16.9 million of the Reset Notes for an aggregate
purchase price of $69.6 million.  These repurchases resulted in
an extraordinary after tax charge of $3.4 million in 1991.
     The Company's debt agreements contain various restrictions
on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, payment or
prepayment of senior subordinated and subordinated debt,
investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividends,
common stock redemptions and purchases and dispositions of
assets.  The covenants also require the Company to meet certain
shareholders' equity levels and maximum leverage and minimum
fixed charge coverage ratios which vary each fiscal year.  The
Company is in compliance with these covenants as of January 2,
1994.  Under its most restrictive debt agreement, the Company had
$46.0 million available for dividends and distributions at
January 2, 1994. Management of the Company does not expect to pay
cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
     As of January 2, 1994, the principal payments required in
future years were as follows (in millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   January 2,
                                                      1994
                                                   ----------
<S>                                                <C>
1994                                               $      3.3
1995                                                      3.1
1996                                                    396.1
1997                                                    137.0
1998                                                     38.6
1999-2003                                               258.3
2004-2008                                                 1.4
2009-2013                                                  .2
                                                   ----------
Total principal payments                                838.0
Less: current portion                                     3.3
                                                   ----------
Long-term portion                                  $    834.7
                                                   ----------
                                                   ----------
</TABLE>
 
Note 7. Leases
The Company currently leases certain of its stores, distribution
facilities, vehicles and equipment for periods up to 45 years
with various renewal options. The majority of such leases are
noncancellable operating leases. Certain operating and capital
leases require contingent rentals based upon a percentage of
sales over a specified amount.  Rental expense under operating
leases was as follows (in millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Fiscal Year Ended
                     ------------------------------------------
                      January 2,      January 3,   December 29,
                         1994            1993          1991
                     ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                  <C>            <C>            <C>   
Minimum rentals      $       76.9   $       73.2   $       71.4
Contingent rentals            8.3           10.2           10.2
Sublease rentals 
  received                   (4.2)          (3.7)          (3.4)
                     ------------   ------------   ------------
Rental expense, net  $       81.0   $       79.7   $       78.2
                     ------------   ------------   ------------
                     ------------   ------------   ------------
</TABLE>

     Capital lease obligations, relating primarily to buildings,
vary in amounts with interest rates ranging from 6.7% to 12.5%. 
Contingent rentals associated with capital leases were $2.0
million, $2.7 million and $2.8 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991,
respectively.
     Future minimum lease payments under noncancellable operating
and capital leases, together with the present value of the net
minimum lease payments, at January 2, 1994, were as follows (in
millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Operating       Capital
                                         Leases         Leases 
                                       ---------       -------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>    
1994                                   $    64.2       $  11.0
1995                                        56.9          10.7
1996                                        49.6           9.8
1997                                        47.2           9.2
1998                                        45.8           7.1
1999-2003                                  211.4          31.8
2004-2008                                  149.9          30.7
2009-2013                                   50.9          13.6
2014-2018                                    8.4           8.1
                                       ---------       -------
  Total minimum lease commitments      $   684.3         132.0 
                                       ---------
                                       ---------
Less: interest portion                                    64.0 
                                                       -------
  Present value of net minimum lease
    commitments                                           68.0
Less: current portion                                      5.3
                                                       -------
  Long-term portion                                    $  62.7
                                                       -------
                                                       -------

</TABLE>

     Minimum sublease rentals to be received in the future under
noncancellable operating and capital leases totaled $24.2 million
at January 2, 1994.
     Effective September 1993, the Company became a partner of a
California general partnership.  This partnership has received
the assignment of 46 retail leases for periods up to 20 years
with various renewal options.  It is the partnership's intent to
sell its leasehold interest in all of these sites.  The Company's
percentage of the proceeds of such sales varies from 50% to 86.7%
depending on the length of time each lease is held. 
Approximately five of the sites are intended to be leased to the
Company.  Future minimum lease payments of the partnership under
noncancellable operating leases at January 2, 1994 were as
follows (in millions of dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  January 2,
                                                     1994
                                                  ----------
<S>                                               <C>
1994                                              $      7.2
1995                                                     7.0
1996                                                     6.6 
1997                                                     6.3
1998                                                     5.9
1999-2003                                               25.7 
2004-2008                                               15.7
2009-2013                                                4.3
                                                  ----------
  Total minimum lease commitments                 $     78.7
                                                  ----------
                                                  ----------
</TABLE>

Note 8. Employee Benefit Plans
The Company sponsors a defined benefit pension plan for all
nonunion employees.  An employee's benefit is based on years of
credited service and the employee's final average pay calculated
on the highest five years of compensation during the last ten
years of employment.  The Company's funding policy is to
contribute at least the minimum annual contribution required by
Internal Revenue Service regulations.
     The following table sets forth the defined benefit pension
plan's funded status and amounts recognized in the Company's
consolidated balance sheets at January 2, 1994 and January 3,
1993 (in millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    January 2,      January 3,
                                       1994            1993
                                   ------------    ------------
<S>                                <C>             <C> 
Actuarial present value of
  benefit obligation:
  Accumulated benefit obligation,
    including vested benefit of
    $32.7 million at January 2,
    1994 and $23.4 million at
    January 3, 1993                $       35.0    $       25.1
                                   ------------    ------------
                                   ------------    ------------
Projected benefit obligation for
  service rendered to date         $      (52.9)   $      (36.8)
Plan assets at fair value,
  primarily listed stocks and 
  U.S. bonds                               44.9            39.1
                                   ------------    ------------
  Projected benefit obligation 
    (in excess of) less than
    plan assets                            (8.0)            2.3
Unrecognized net loss from past
  experience different from that
  assumed, unrecognized prior
  service cost and effects of
  changes in assumptions                   17.7             5.6
                                   ------------    ------------
  Pension asset included in other
    noncurrent assets              $        9.7    $        7.9
                                   ------------    ------------
                                   ------------    ------------
</TABLE>

     The discount rate used in determining the actuarial present
value of the projected benefit obligation was 7.5% at January 2,
1994 and 9.5% at January 3, 1993.  The expected long-term rate of
return on assets and rate of increase in compensation levels
were 10.0% and 4.5%, respectively, at January 2, 1994 and 10.0%
and 5.5%, respectively, at January 3, 1993.  Net pension cost
under the defined benefit pension plan for 1993, 1992 and 1991
included the following components (in millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Fiscal Year Ended
                  --------------------------------------------
                   January 2,      January 3,     December 29,
                      1994            1992            1991
                  ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>               <C>             <C>             <C> 
Service cost      $        2.5    $        2.2    $        1.8
Interest cost on 
  projected
  benefit 
  obligation               3.6             3.0             2.5
Actual return on  
  plan assets             (3.0)           (1.9)           (6.0)
Net amortization
  and deferral             (.7)           (1.6)            3.4 
                  ------------    ------------    ------------
Net pension
  cost            $        2.4    $        1.7    $        1.7
                  ------------    ------------    ------------
                  ------------    ------------    ------------
</TABLE>

     During 1992, the Company adopted a supplemental executive
retirement plan which provides supplemental income payments for
officers during retirement.  Total pension expense for all plans
was $3.6 million, $2.8 million and $1.7 million for 1993, 1992
and 1991, respectively.
     The Company's contributory profit sharing plan for nonunion
employees qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue
Code.  Under the profit sharing plan, the Company's contribution
is determined annually by the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Total expense related to the Company's profit sharing plan was
$4.3 million, $7.9 million and $7.4 million for the 1993, 1992
and 1991 plan years, respectively.
     The Company sponsors a retiree medical plan covering
substantially all nonunion employees who retire under certain age
and service requirements.  The retiree medical plan provides
outpatient, inpatient and various other covered services. 
Participants in the retiree medical plan who retire after June
30, 1990 receive a benefit based upon years of service and a
benefit value at the time of retirement.  Each retiree's benefit
account may be indexed each year to the social security cost of
living, up to a maximum of 4.0%.  Such benefits are funded from
the Company's general assets.  The Company has the right to
modify or terminate the plan.
     The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106 ("SFAS No. 106") "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" effective January 3,
1993.  SFAS No. 106 requires that the cost of these benefits be
recognized in the consolidated financial statements over an
employee's service period.  The Company elected to immediately
recognize in the first quarter of 1992 a transition obligation of
$15.5 million, net of a deferred income tax benefit of $10.2
million in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 106.
     The accumulated benefit obligation for the retiree medical
plan as of January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993 was as follows (in
millions of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      January 2,    January 3,
                                         1994          1993
                                     ------------  ------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C> 
Accumulated retiree medical benefit
  obligation:
    Retirees                         $       16.4   $      13.9
    Fully eligible active plan 
      participants                            4.0           3.3
    Other active plan participants           12.5          10.6
Unrecognized net loss                        (3.0)           -
                                     ------------  ------------
  Accrued retiree medical benefit 
    obligation                       $       29.9  $       27.8
                                     ------------  ------------
                                     ------------  ------------
</TABLE>

     For measurement purposes, a 9.0% increase in the cost of
covered retiree medical benefits was assumed for 1993; the rate
was assumed to decline gradually to 6.0% in 1996, and remain at
that level thereafter.  A 1.0% increase in the retiree medical
cost trend rate would increase the retiree medical benefit
obligation at January 2, 1994, by $1.0 million and the 1993
annual expense by $0.1 million.  The weighted average discount
rate used in determining the accumulated retiree medical benefit
obligation was 7.5% and 9.5% at January 2, 1994 and January 3,
1993, respectively.  The net retiree medical plan cost for 1993
and 1992 included the following components (in millions of
dollars):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Fiscal Year Ended
                                    ---------------------------
                                     January 2,     January 3,
                                        1994           1993
                                    ------------   ------------
<S>                                 <C>            <C>
Service cost                        $         .8   $         .8
Interest cost                                2.4            2.4
                                    ------------   ------------
  Net retiree medical plan costs    $        3.2   $        3.2
                                    ------------   ------------
                                    ------------   ------------
</TABLE>

     Nonunion retiree medical expense had previously been
recorded under the cash method.  Expense recognized during 1991
under the cash method was $1.3 million.
     The Company contributes to multi-employer pension plans and
health and welfare plans administered by various trustees. 
Contributions to these plans are based upon negotiated wage
contracts.  The pension plans may be deemed to be defined benefit
plans.  Information relating to accumulated benefits and fund
assets as they may be allocable to the Company at January 2,
1994, is not available.  Total pension expense for the union
plans was $30.3 million, $12.1 million and $9.1 million for 1993,
1992 and 1991, respectively.  The health and welfare plans
provide medical, dental and other benefits to certain employees
covered by union contracts.  Total health and welfare expense for
the union plans was $107.1 million, $153.9 million and $149.0
million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.

Note 9. Income Taxes
During 1992, the Company changed its method of accounting for
income taxes to comply with the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 "Accounting for Income
Taxes."  This standard requires, among other things, recognition
of future tax consequences, measured by enacted tax rates,
attributable to temporary differences between financial statement
and income tax bases of assets and liabilities.  The change in
accounting method has been applied retroactively to June 28, 1987
by restating prior years' consolidated financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
     The provision for income taxes for 1993, 1992 and 1991 was comprised of the following
amounts (in millions of dollars):

<CAPTION>
                                                    Fiscal Year Ended
                                      --------------------------------------------
                                       January 2,      January 3,     December 29,
                                          1994            1993            1991
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                   <C>             <C>             <C> 
Current:
  Federal                             $       13.3    $       49.3    $       25.5
  State                                        7.6            16.5            10.6
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
    Total current income tax 
      provision                               20.9            65.8            36.1
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
Deferred:
  Federal                                     15.7             1.1             7.3
  State                                         .2            (1.4)             .9 
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
    Total deferred income tax
      provision                               15.9             (.3)            8.2
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
      Total income tax provision      $       36.8    $       65.5    $       44.3
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
                                      ------------    ------------    ------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
     Reconciliation of the Federal statutory rate and effective rate for 1993, 1992 and
1991 was as follows (in millions of dollars):

<CAPTION>
                                                          Fiscal Year Ended
                                             ------------------------------------------
                                              January 2,     January 3,    December 29,
                                                 1994           1993           1991
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>
Federal statutory expected provision         $       24.4   $       50.2   $       37.6
Amortization of excess of cost over net 
  assets acquired                                     5.1            5.1            4.9
State income taxes, net of Federal income
  tax benefit                                         5.1           10.0            7.6
General business tax credits                           -              -            (2.3)
Alternative minimum tax (credit)                       -              -            (3.7)
Effect to beginning of year deferred income
  tax balance for increase in Federal
  statutory tax rate                                  2.0             -              -
Other                                                  .2             .2             .2
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------
  Total income tax provision                 $       36.8   $       65.5   $       44.3
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------
                                             ------------   ------------   ------------
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

    Deferred income taxes consisted of future tax liabilities (assets) attributable to
the following (in millions of dollars):

<CAPTION>
                                                            January 2,        January 3,
                                                               1994              1993
                                                           ------------     ------------
<S>                                                        <C>              <C> 
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Excess of book over tax bases                            $      140.0     $      140.6
  Excess of tax over book depreciation                             72.3             54.9
                                                           ------------     ------------
    Deferred tax liabilities                                      212.3            195.5
                                                           ------------     ------------
Deferred tax assets:
  Cash versus accrual basis                                      (113.8)          (106.7)
  Other, net                                                      (10.5)           (16.7)
                                                           ------------     ------------
    Deferred tax assets                                          (124.3)          (123.4)
                                                           ------------     ------------
  Deferred income taxes, net                               $       88.0     $       72.1
                                                           ------------     ------------
                                                           ------------     ------------
/TABLE
<PAGE>
     The tax returns for all of the Company's fiscal periods
ended subsequent to and including January 3, 1988 are open for
examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and/or
various state tax authorities.  Additionally, certain tax returns
of entities acquired by the Company for earlier tax years are
open for examination by the IRS.  Management believes that any
adjustments arising out of the examinations for which the Company
would be liable would not have a material effect on the Company's
consolidated financial position.  In addition, the Company is
indemnified against income tax liability for the acquired Safeway
subsidiaries for all periods prior to August 29, 1988, the
acquisition date.

Note 10. Related Party Transactions
The Company leases a distribution facility from a California
general partnership whose general partners are Vons and a Texas
general partnership, of which a director of the Company is a
general partner.  Vons and the Texas general partnership each
have a 50% interest in the California general partnership. 
During 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Company paid rent of $1.9
million, $1.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively.
     A wholly-owned subsidiary of Safeway owns approximately 35%
of the outstanding voting stock of the Company.  Safeway and its
affiliates sold certain inventory and other items to the Company
for an aggregate amount during 1993, 1992 and 1991 of
approximately $2.5 million, $5.7 million and $7.7 million,
respectively.  The Company sold certain inventory items to
Safeway and its affiliates for an aggregate amount during 1993,
1992 and 1991 of approximately $2.4 million, $6.7 million and
$6.7 million, respectively.  Three  directors of the Company are
also directors of Safeway and a fourth director of the Company is
both a director and an officer of Safeway.
     The Company leases eight properties from a partnership that
is 80% owned by a subsidiary of Safeway and 20% owned by the
principal stockholder of Safeway.  The rentals under the leases
were $0.7 million, $0.6 million and $0.8 million in 1993, 1992
and 1991, respectively.  In addition, the Company is secondarily
liable to this partnership under four leases for which the annual
minimum rental is $0.2 million, all of which is currently being
paid by assignees. 
     Another California general partnership whose general
partners include directors and management of the Company had the
right to  purchase several leaseholds of the Company.  The
Company paid the California general partnership $2.2 million in
1993 to cancel this purchase right.
     The Company paid $0.1 million during 1993 to a director of
the Company to serve as the Company's advertising spokesman as
well as other consulting services.  The Company paid $0.1 million
and $0.1 million during 1992 and 1991, respectively, to another
director of the Company for consulting with respect to
merchandising and operational matters.  A director of the Company
is affiliated with an entity which was engaged to provide buying
services.  These buying services were terminated in June 1992. 
During 1992 and 1991, the entity was paid approximately $0.3
million and $2.2 million, respectively, for buying services
rendered.
     A director of the Company borrowed a total of $0.1 million
from the Company for the purchase of 5,000 shares of the
Company's common stock by notes dated January 3, 1992 and July
22, 1992.  The notes are secured by a pledge of the 5,000 shares
of common stock.  Both notes accrue interest at the Federal mid
term rate in effect under Internal Revenue Code Section 1274(d);
compounded semiannually, and all payments of principal and
interest are due and payable on December 31, 1997.

Note 11. Contingencies
The Company is a party to several pending legal proceedings and
claims. Although the outcome of such proceedings and claims
cannot be determined with certainty, management believes that
their final outcome should not have a material adverse effect on
the Company's consolidated financial position.
     As a result of the sales of certain assets, the Company is
contingently liable to certain landlords and pension funds.  At
January 2, 1994, the Company is a guarantor of $1.2 million in
industrial revenue bonds of a former business of a predecessor
company.

Note 12. Shareholders' Equity
The Company has various stock option plans.  Options under the
1987 Stock Option Plan are fully vested.  Options under the 1990
Stock Option Plan either vest 20 percent at the date of grant and
20 percent per year thereafter or vest 25 percent one year from
the date of grant and 25 percent per year thereafter.  Options
under the Directors' Stock Option Plan vest 25 percent six months
from the date of grant and 25 percent on the anniversary of the
date of grant thereafter.  For all plans, the options expire ten
years from the date of grant.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
     Information regarding the Company's stock option plans is summarized below:

<CAPTION>
                                        1987                1990              Directors'
                                    Stock Option        Stock Option        Stock Option
                                        Plan                Plan                Plan
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
<S>                                 <C>                 <C>                 <C> 
Shares authorized                        175,227           4,000,000             225,000
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
Shares under option:
  Outstanding at December 30,
    1990                                  90,919             655,450                  -
    Granted                                   -              565,600                  -
    Exercised                              9,275               7,313                  -
    Forfeited                              1,250              29,237                  -
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
  Outstanding at December 29,
    1991                                  80,394           1,184,500                  -
    Granted                                   -              575,015              71,693
    Exercised                             26,125              62,875                  -
    Forfeited                                 -               17,900                  -
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
  Outstanding at January 3, 1993          54,269           1,678,740              71,693
    Granted                                   -              584,642              44,192
    Exercised                              5,750               1,000                  -
    Forfeited                                 -              218,985              16,842
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
  Outstanding at January 2, 1994          48,519           2,043,397              99,043
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
                                    ------------        ------------        ------------
Range of option prices per
  share:
  At December 29, 1991              $       9.28        $ 2.50-26.50        $         -
  At January 3, 1993                $       9.28        $ 2.50-27.55        $22.04-27.55
  At January 2, 1994                $       9.28        $ 2.50-27.55        $17.51-27.55
Options exercisable:
  At December 29, 1991                    80,394             183,800                  -
  At January 3, 1993                      54,269             401,751              17,923
  At January 2, 1994                      48,519             765,054              37,022
Average price of options
  exercised:
  Year ended December 29, 1991      $       9.28        $      21.35        $         -
  Year ended January 3, 1993        $       9.28        $       3.36        $         -
  Year ended January 2, 1994        $       9.28        $      21.35        $         -
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
     Effective June 6, 1991, the Company completed a primary and
secondary common stock offering of 10,964,348 shares.  The
primary offering included 4,500,000 newly issued shares,
providing proceeds to the Company of $122.2 million.  Costs
associated with the offering totaled $0.7 million.
     Effective January 1, 1991, the Company adopted the Employee
Stock Purchase Plan (the "Stock Purchase Plan").  The Stock
Purchase Plan allows employees to purchase the Company's stock
through payroll deductions.  The source of stock is weekly open
market purchases by a third party administrator.  Administrative
and purchase commission costs associated with the Stock Purchase
Plan are borne and paid by the Company according to the agreement
with the third party administrator.

Note 13. Restructuring Charge
During the third quarter of 1993, the Company recorded a
restructuring charge of $56.9 million, or $.77 per share, which
reflects expenses associated with a program to accelerate the
closing of underperforming facilities, including approximately 11
stores, execute a reduction in force and implement other programs
intended to lower the Company's cost structure and enhance
competitiveness.  The restructuring charge includes $42.7 million
for expenses relating to facility closures and $14.2 million for
severance and other related expenses.
<PAGE>
Note 14. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

<TABLE>
The results of operations for 1993 and 1992 were as follows (in millions of dollars except
share data):

<CAPTION>
                            First        Second         Third        Fourth
                           Quarter       Quarter       Quarter       Quarter
Fiscal Year 1993         (12 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (16 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                      <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          
Sales                    $   1,194.2   $   1,175.3   $   1,534.5   $   1,170.5
Gross profit (1)               302.4         297.2         376.5         297.0
Amortization of excess
  cost over net assets
  acquired                       3.5           3.5           4.6           3.4
Restructuring charge              -             -           56.9            -
Operating income
  (loss)                        43.5          47.1          (4.4)         49.6
Interest expense, net           14.9          15.2          20.6          15.3
Income (loss) before
  extraordinary item            15.9          17.7         (19.5)         18.9
Extraordinary item                -             -           (1.4)           -
Net income (loss)        $      15.9   $      17.7   $     (20.9)  $      18.9 
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Income (loss) per 
  common share:
  Income (loss) before
    extraordinary item   $       .37   $       .40   $      (.45)  $       .44
  Extraordinary item              -             -           (.03)           -
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Net income (loss)      $       .37   $       .40   $      (.48)  $       .44
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Weighted average
  common shares and
  common share
  equivalents             43,549,000    43,512,000    43,474,000    43,469,000
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            First        Second         Third        Fourth
                           Quarter       Quarter       Quarter       Quarter
Fiscal Year 1992         (12 Weeks)    (12 Weeks)    (16 Weeks)    (13 Weeks)
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                      <C>           <C>           <C>           <C> 
Sales                    $   1,268.2   $   1,286.0   $   1,681.7   $   1,359.6
Gross profit (1)               314.2         315.0         415.7         350.3
Amortization of excess
  cost over net assets
  acquired                       3.4           3.5           4.5           3.5
Operating income                44.6          49.8          60.1          64.6
Interest expense, net           17.7          18.9          20.0          14.9
Income before
  extraordinary item
  and cumulative
  effect of change in
  accounting                    15.0          17.2          22.3          27.6
Extraordinary item               (.5)        (12.2)           -            (.1)
Cumulative effect of 
  change in accounting         (15.5)           -             -             -
Net income (loss)        $      (1.0)  $       5.0   $      22.3   $      27.5
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Income (loss) per 
  common share:
  Income before 
    extraordinary item
    and cumulative
    effect of change
    in accounting        $       .35   $       .40   $       .51   $       .63
  Extraordinary item            (.01)         (.28)           -             -
  Cumulative effect of
    change in
    accounting                  (.36)           -             -             -
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
  Net income (loss)      $      (.02)  $       .12   $       .51   $       .63
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
Weighted average 
  common shares and
  common share
  equivalents             43,525,000    43,543,000    43,459,000    43,522,000
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
                         -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<FN>
(1) Gross profit represents sales net of cost of sales, buying and occupancy costs.

</TABLE>

<PAGE> 
<PAGE>
The Vons Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- -----------------------------------------

Independent Auditors' Report

- -----------------------------------------
The Board of Directors 
The Vons Companies, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
The Vons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of January 2, 1994
and January 3, 1993 and the related consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the fifty-
two week period ended January 2, 1994, the fifty-three week
period ended January 3, 1993 and the fifty-two week period ended
December 29, 1991.  These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards.  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. 
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.
     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of The Vons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries
at January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993 and the results of their
operations and cash flows for the fifty-two week period ended
January 2, 1994, the fifty-three week period ended January 3,
1993 and the fifty-two week period ended December 29, 1991, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
     As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" in the fifty-three week period
ended January 3, 1993.

/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick


KPMG Peat Marwick

Los Angeles, California
February 15, 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-7
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Exhibit 24

[This page appears on KPMG Peat Marwick letterhead]



                 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
                 ----------------------------- 



The Board of Directors
The Vons Companies, Inc:

We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements (No. 33-42913, No. 33-39246, No. 33-41539, No. 33-55744
and No. 33-50957) on Form S-8 of The Vons Companies, Inc. of our
reports dated February 15, 1994, relating to the consolidated
balance sheets of The Vons Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
January 2, 1994 and January 3, 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders' equity, cash flows and
related schedules for the fifty-two week period ended January 2,
1994, the fifty-three week period ended January 3, 1993 and the
fifty-two week period ended December 29, 1991 which report appears
in the Annual Report to Shareholders and is incorporated by
reference in the January 2, 1994 annual report on Form 10-K of
The Vons Companies, Inc. and our report dated February 15, 1994
on the related financial statement schedules which appears in
January 2, 1994 annual report on Form 10-K.

Our reports refer to the Company's adoption of the provisions of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" in the fifty-three
week period ended January 3, 1993, as discussed in Note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements.


/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick


Los Angeles, California
March 29, 1994



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.25
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Exhibit 10.25

[This page appears on The Vons Companies, Inc. letterhead]
           
           
Roger E. Stangeland
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


                                        December 2, 1993




Garrett R. Nelson
820 Green Ridge Drive
La Canada, CA 91011

Dear Gary:

      This letter confirms the agreement between The Vons Companies, Inc. (the
"Company") and you regarding your employment with the Company through March
31, 1995 and your separation thereafter.

1.    Your resignation as Executive Vice President and Chief Development
Officer of the Company will be effective November 30, 1993.  On the latter of
November 30, 1993 or the eighth day following your execution of this letter
agreement, you shall receive the following checks, reduced by withholding
taxes and other authorized deductions:

      $11,769 representing two-weeks salary in lieu of notice.

      $25,000 representing the cost of outplacement counseling, which you are
      hereby declining.

      $21,616 representing the cash equivalent of the profit sharing benefit
      (Company contribution plus match) for 1993.

      $29,423 representing 5 weeks of accrued but unused vacation.

2.    Commencing December 1, 1993 and continuing through March 31, 1995, you
shall remain an employee of the Company in the position of Special Advisor,
Real Estate and Construction, working 12 days per month at an annual salary of
$183,600, payable in the Company's normal bi-weekly payroll cycle.  For any
month in which you work in excess of 12 days with the prior approval of the
Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of the Company ("CFO"), you will be
paid an additional $1,500 per day (less appropriate withholding), payable on
the payroll cycle immediately following such month.  Naturally, you will be
reimbursed for all travel and other expenses in accordance with Company
policy.

3.    As Special Advisor, Real Estate and Construction, you will report to and
serve under the direction of the CFO of the Company.  In such capacity you
will (i) provide oversight to and supervision of the Company's real estate and
construction departments, (ii) negotiate and administer the Builder's Emporium
transaction, (iii) administer the Company's inner city program, including
maintenance of important inner city relationships, (iv) handle remaining
Meadowdale issues, including membership on the Board and/or Pension Committees
of M-

<PAGE> 
December 2, 1993
Page 2


Foods, if necessary, and (v) perform such other duties as shall be assigned
from time to time to the extent you are available during your normal work week
as defined above.  While serving as Special Advisor, you will be free to
engage in other consulting activities for compensation, provided that you are
available to the Company for the  minimum 12 days per month and that you
provide no services (i) for any person or entity which may compete with the
Company in any respect, including the securing of any real estate sites, or
(ii) which would in any way be in conflict with the Company or would
constitute a conflict of interest with the Company.  While serving as Special
Advisor, you may not become an employee of any other organization or person.

4.    Through the remainder of your term of employment with the Company, you
shall receive all health care benefits available to officers of the Company,
with any current or future co-pays as provided in such plans.  You will also
continue to accrue service under the Company's Pension Plan and will retain
the right to exercise all currently vested stock options which you have been
granted.  Your deferred compensation account will continue to accrue interest
at the rate of 16% per annum through your termination date of March 31, 1995,
and your Long Term Incentive Plan ("LTIP") awards for 1992 and 1993 will be
vested at two years and one year, respectively, and paid out in accordance
with such Plan.  You will have transitional use of your Company automobile
until January 28, 1994 at which time you will have such purchase rights as
shall be available to all officers.  You will be eligible for a 1993 bonus
award, subject to the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee.  There is
no assurance that any such bonus will be paid to you.

5.    Effective immediately you will no longer accrue any vacation benefits,
nor will any previously granted but unvested stock options continue to vest,
all such unvested options hereby being terminated.  You will be eligible for
no further stock option awards or to participate in any incentive compensation
or bonus plans.  You will have no further participation in the LTIP, except as
provided in paragraph 4 above.

6.    On March 31, 1995 ("Termination Date") your employment with the Company
shall terminate, and you shall be eligible for no further payments or benefits
except as specifically provided herein.  On the Termination Date you will
receive checks for the following, reduced where appropriate by withholding
taxes and other authorized deductions:

      $482,655 representing your lump sum Supplemental Executive Retirement
      Plan ("SERP") benefit.

      $306,000 representing your enhanced lump sum SERP benefit.

      An amount equal to the balance in your deferred compensation account
      with accumulated accrued interest.

      You will also become eligible for retiree medical benefits commencing
with the Termination Date and shall be credited with a total of $22,500 in
your account thereunder.

7.    On the Termination Date you hereby agree to return to the Company within
the timE

<PAGE>
December 2, 1993
Page 3


frames allotted all Company property in your possession, including,
but not limited to, any Company credit cards, keys, any information
proprietary to the Company, all computer equipment and telephones.  You shall
thereafter continue to cooperate fully with the Company in its defense of or
other participation in any administrative, judicial or other proceedings
arising from any charge, complaint or other action which has been or may be
filed.  You shall not disclose any confidential information you acquired while
an employee of the Company to any other person or use such information in any
manner that is detrimental to the Company's interests.

8.    On behalf of yourself and your heirs and assigns, you hereby release and
forever discharge the "Releasees" hereunder, consisting of the Company, and
each of its associates; owners; stockholders; affiliates; divisions;
subsidiaries; predecessors; successors; heirs, assigns; agents; directors;
officers; partners; employees; insurers; representatives and lawyers, and all
persons or entities acting by, through, under or in concert with them, or any
of them, of and from any and all manner of action or actions, cause or causes
of actions, in law or in equity, suits, debts, liens, contracts, agreements,
promises, liability, claims, demands, damages, loss, cost or expense, of any
nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent (hereinafter called
"Claims") which you now have or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or
any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever from the
beginning of time to the date hereof, including, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any Claims arising out of, based upon, or
relating to your hire, employment, remuneration or resignation by the
Releasees, or any of them, including any Claims arising under Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Age Discrimination in Employment
Act, as amended; the Equal Pay Act, as amended; the Fair Labor Standards Act,
as amended; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended; the Older
Workers Benefit Protection Act; the California Fair Employment and Housing
Act, as amended; the California Labor Code; and/or any other local, state or
federal law governing discrimination in employment and/or the payment of wages
and benefits.

      You specifically agree to waive the benefit of the provisions of Section
1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, which reads as follows:

      "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not
      know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the
      release, which, if known by him, must have materially affected his
      settlement with the debtor."

You acknowledge that you have read Civil Code Section 1542 and fully
understand the same.

9.    In accordance with the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, you
should be aware of the following:

      (a)   You have the right to consult with an attorney before signing this
      agreement;

      (b)   You have forty-five (45) days from the date hereof to consider
      this agreement; and

<PAGE>
December 2, 1993
Page 4


      (c)   You have seven (7) days after signing this agreement to revoke
      this agreement, and this agreement will not be effective until that
      revocation period has expired.

10.   You have agreed that, except as may be required by law, neither you nor
any member of your family, nor anyone employed by you, shall disclose to any
individual or entity, other than your immediate family and your attorney or
advisor reviewing this agreement, the compensation terms of this agreement or
the circumstances of your separation from the Company.

11.   The provisions of this agreement are severable.  If any provision is
held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision.  This letter sets forth the entire
agreement between the parties and supercedes any and all prior oral or written
agreements or understanding between them concerning the subject matter.  This
agreement may not be altered, amended or modified, except by a further written
document signed by both parties.  You represent that you have thoroughly read
and considered all aspects of this agreement, that you understand all its
provisions and that you are voluntarily entering into said agreement.

      If the above accurately reflects your understanding, please date and
sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the places indicated below and return
that copy to me on or before January 10, 1994.  As noted above, this agreement
will not become effective until seven (7) days after you sign this agreement.


                                    Very truly yours,


                                    /s/ Roger E. Stangeland

                                    Roger E. Stangeland




Accepted and agreed to on this

2nd              day of December                 , 1993.
- ----------------        -------------------------  ----

/s/ Garrett R. Nelson                                     
- ---------------------------------------------------------- 
Garrett R. Nelson

RES:cb
Enclosure
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-9
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.26
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Exhibit 10.26

[This page appears on The Vons Companies, Inc. letterhead]

Roger E. Stangeland             
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


                                    October 29, 1993



Mr. Dennis K. Eck
550 North Alta Vista Avenue
Monrovia, CA 91016

Dear Dennis:

      This letter amends and supplements the Settlement Agreement and Mutual
Release (the "Agreement") effective October 31, 1993, between you and the
Company.

      1.    Home Relocation Allowance:  In light of a prior commitment made to
            -------------------------
you concerning the possible inclusion of your Monrovia home in the Company
relocation purchase in lieu of your Dana Point home, we have agreed that, in
lieu of normal relocation benefits or any other relocation obligation, the
Company will pay you $135,000 (less any required withholding), payable on the
Effective Date under the Agreement.

      2.    Tax Treatment of Payment for Damages:  Both you and the Company
            ------------------------------------
believe that, as payment for alleged personal injuries, the Company is not
obligated to withhold taxes from the payment made pursuant to paragraph 10 of
the Agreement, and it will not do so.  We both recognize, however, that a
taxing authority may challenge that tax treatment as a result of auditing
either your or the Company's tax return.  Accordingly, if, prior to October
31, 1998 any taxing authority asserts a tax deficiency against the Company for
unpaid taxes, including interest and/or penalties, with respect to the payment
for damages, the Company may withhold from the SERP Benefit payable under
paragraph 7 of the Agreement the amounts asserted to be due from the Company
by such tax authority, until the issue is finally resolved, including appeals.
Any tax or penalty ultimately determined to be owed by the Company shall be
deducted from the SERP Benefit so withheld, with any remainder paid to you at
that time.

      If the foregoing is acceptable to you, please sign and date this letter
in the space indicated.

                                    Very truly yours,

                                    /s/ Roger E. Stangeland

                                    Roger E. Stangeland

ACCEPTED AND AGREED
the  29th day of Oct, 1993
     ----        ---


/s/ Dennis K. Eck
- ---------------------------
     Dennis K. Eck

<PAGE>

              SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND MUTUAL RELEASE
              ---------------------------------------

      This Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release ("Agreement") is made by
and between Dennis K. Eck ("Eck") and The Vons Companies, Inc. (the
"Company").

      It is the desire of the parties to this Agreement to resolve all issues
relating to the employment of Eck by the Company pursuant to the provisions
contained herein and to release one another from all claims or liabilities in
connection therewith.

      In consideration of the mutual promises, convents and conditions
hereinafter set forth and the payments provided herewith, Eck and the Company
agree as follows:

      1.    Resignation:  Eck hereby resigns as President, Chief Operating
            -----------
Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company effective
October 31, 1993, (the "Resignation Date").  On the Resignation Date, Eck
shall receive payment for any accrued unused vacation time.  Eck shall receive
no incentive compensation award or bonus for 1993.

      2.    Extension Period:  Effective November 1, 1993, and continuing for 
            ----------------
a period of two (2) years thereafter (the "Extension Period"), Eck shall
remain an employee of the Company with the title of "Special Advisor to the
Chairman", performing such advisory and consulting services as shall be
designated from time to time by the Chairman in concert with the Executive
Committee of the Board of Directors.  It is anticipated that such duties shall
consist of advice with respect to basic strategy and review of operating
results of the business, as well as representing the Company as directed in
industry and other matters, including membership on the boards of the ECR
project and Advanced Promotion Technologies, Inc.  Eck shall also assist the
Company by performing due diligence as directed with respect to any
contemplated acquisitions and will cooperate fully with respect to ongoing
Company litigation, including depositions and testimony as needed.  Eck shall
not accrue any vacation pay during the Extension Period.

      3.    Salary During Extension Period:  During the Extension Period, Eck
            ------------------------------
shall be paid a salary of One Hundred Thirty Thousand Dollars ($130,000) per
year, payable in installments of Ten Thousand Dollars($10,000) in each fiscal
period of the Company, plus reimbursement for any out of pocket expenses
consistent with Company policy.  In the event Eck obtains other employment
during the Extension Period, any salary not yet paid shall be added to the
amount otherwise payable under paragraph 7 hereof.

      4.    Insurance Benefits:  The Company shall continue to provide Eck
            ------------------
with life, medical and disability insurance at the level provided to all
officers, on the same basis as provided to all officers, until the earlier of
(1) the date Eck obtains other employment or, (2) October 31, 1998.

      5.    Stock Options:  Eck shall continue to vest under the Company's
            -------------
1990 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the "Plan") with respect to the
option granted in February 1990 to purchase One Hundred Fifty Thousand
(150,000) shares of stock thereunder for Two Dollars and Fifty Cents($2.50)
per share.  No further awards shall be made to Eck under the Plan, and all
other unvested stock options issued to Eck under the Plan shall be terminated
and cancelled, notwithstanding the provisions of any stock option agreement
issued pursuant to the Plan heretofore.

      6.    Retiree Medical Benefit:  Eck shall be deemed fully vested under
            -----------------------
the Company's health plan for retired employees and eligible for benefits
thereunder pursuant to the provisions of such plan as if he had remained
employed by the Company until retirement on November 1, 1998.

      7.    SERP Benefits:  The parties agree that the amount of Eck's SERP
            -------------
lump sum benefit accrued as of October 31, 1993, is $497,311.  This amount
shall be increased by $237,051 (to a total of $734,362) plus any unpaid salary
for the Extension Period pursuant to paragraph 3 above (the total of such
amounts hereinafter referred to as the "SERP Benefit").  Provided Eck shall
not be in default hereunder, on Eck's fifty-fifth birthday, he shall be paid
the SERP Benefit, without accrued interest and subject to any other
obligations to, or agreements with, the Company by Eck.

      8.    No Other Benefits:  Eck shall not be eligible for any employee
            -----------------
benefits other than those enumerated above.

      9.    Non Competition; Other Employment:  During the Extension Period,
            ---------------------------------
Eck will not compete with the Company in any respect, will not work or consult
for anyone who competes with the Company, and will not deal with any employee
or customer of the Company, except as authorized by the Chairman.  In the
event Eck shall obtain new employment as provided below, or engage in self-
employment, with a business operating in a marketing area in which the Company
did not operate prior to thereto, Eck may retain such position or self
employment if the Company subsequently (through acquisition or otherwise)
commences operation in such marketing area, notwithstanding the aforesaid non-
competition restriction.  If Eck violates the non-competition restrictions
contained herein, he shall be in breach of this Agreement, and all benefits
payable to him hereunder, including those contained in 3 through 7 above,
shall cease and no longer be available to Eck, and the Company may pursue any
other damages in law or equity, including injunctive relief.  It is the intent
of the parties that Eck, and the Company may pursue any other damages in law
or equity, including injunctive relief.  It is the intent of the parties that
Eck may obtain employment elsewhere during the Extension Period so long as it
is not with a business in competition with the Company.  Following expiration
of the Extension Period, Eck's employment with the Company shall be
terminated, and he shall be entitled to no further payments or benefits from
the Company except profit sharing, pension and SERP distributions as provided
under such plans.

      10.   Settlement of Damage Claim:  In addition to the foregoing, on the
            -------------------------- 
eighth day following execution hereof by Eck, the Company shall pay to Eck the
amount of One Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($1,250,000) in
settlement of Eck's claim for emotional distress and other personal injuries
allegedly sustained as a result of wrongful termination, employment
discrimination, defamation or other legal causes of action.

      11.   Release by Eck:  Except as to rights or claims as may arise from 
            --------------
this Agreement, Eck releases and forever discharges the Company, including its
present and former officers, directors, agents, employees, representatives or
shareholders (including any entity employing, represented by or affiliated
with any such present or former director, officer, agent, employee,
representative or shareholder), parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates,
assigns and successors-in-interest, and all persons or entities acting by,
through, under or in concert with them, or any of them, from any and all 
injuries, suits, charges, complaints, grievances, obligations, liabilities,
losses, expenses, claims, demands, causes of action, damages, costs and all
other legal responsibilities in any form whatsoever which he now has or may
have in the future, in law or equity, including, but not limited to, all
matters arising out of, connected with or incidental to Eck's employment with
the Company, or to the dealings between the parties, including, without
limitation, any contracts or purported contracts or employment or severance
agreements or other such arrangements.  This waiver and release includes the
release of any rights, claims of action, demands, damages or costs arising
 under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, and any other
federal, state or local laws or regulations prohibiting employment
 discrimination and any claim for wrongful termination.

      12.   Release by the Company:  Except as to such rights or claims as may
            ----------------------
arise from the Agreement, the Company releases and forever discharges Eck, and
his executor, successors-in-interest, heirs and assigns from any and all
injuries, suits, charges, complaints, grievances, obligations, liabilities,
losses, expenses, claims, demands, causes of action, damages, costs and all
other legal responsibilities in any form whatsoever which it now has or may
have in the future arising out of, connected with or incidental to his
employment by, or his service as director of, the Company, or to the dealings
between the parties occurring prior to the execution of this Agreement.

      13.   Indemnification of Eck:  In addition to the foregoing, the Company
            ----------------------
specifically agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Eck harmless from any and
all claims or causes of action or complaints filed against him which arise out
of or are connected with his employment by, or his service as director of, the
Company, with the good faith discharge of his duties and as provided under
California Labor Code Section 2802.  Moreover, nothing contained in this
Agreement shall prevent Eck from raising any defense to any such claims to the
same extent that he would have been entitled to such defense as an employee of
the Company.

      14.   Waiver of Civil Code Section 1542:  Each Party to this Agreement
            ---------------------------------
specifically waives the benefit of the provisions of Section 1542 of the Civil
Code of the State of California, as follows:

      "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not
      know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the
      release, which if known by him must have materially affected his
      settlement with the debtor".

            Eck and the Company acknowledge that they have read Civil Code
Section 1542 and fully understand same.

      15.   Representations By Eck:
            ----------------------

            (a)  Eck represents and warrants that he has not assigned or
transferred to any other person, firm or corporation, in any manner, including
by way of subrogation or operation of law or otherwise, any portion of any
claim, right, demand, action or cause of action, that he now has, or might
have in the future arising out of his employment with the company nor any
recovery or settlement to which he may be entitled.

            (b)  Eck represents and warrants that he has not filed and agrees
not to file any action, claim or initiate any proceeding in any court or
before an administrative agency asserting any claims that are specifically
released herein or that arise from matters that are asserted herein.

      16.   Non Administration:  Eck and the Company acknowledge that this
            ------------------
agreement constitutes a settlement and is not an admission of liability, but
is in compromise of disputed claims.  In consideration of this Agreement, Eck
and the Company assume the risk of any damage which now may be latent,
unexpected or which may hereafter appear, develop or occur for any reason,
including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs incurred by either
party in connection with matter.

      17.   Costs and Fees:  In the event that either party breaches the terms
            --------------
of this Agreement, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to recover in any
action arising out of such breach reasonable attorneys' fees, as well as any
costs of investigation and filing fees that may be incurred therein.

      18.   Arbitration:  Any dispute arising under or relating to this
            -----------
Agreement shall be conclusively resolved by arbitration in Los Angeles,
California, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration
Association and Title 9 of the California Code of Civil Procedure, including
Section 1283.05 providing for discovery.  The  arbitration shall be before
three (3) neutral arbitrators appointed by the American Arbitration
Association, at least one (1) of whom shall be a litigation partner in a law
firm having at least one hundred (100) lawyers nationally.

      19.   Confidentiality:  The parties hereto understand and specifically
            ---------------
agree that the terms of this Agreement, and any other document executed
pursuant thereto, shall remain confidential and any disclosure of the terms
and condition herein, except as to Eck's family, tax and personal advisors and
counsel, and as to the Company, the Board of Directors, Compensation
Committee, Legal Department and appropriate officers and advisors, shall be
deemed a breach of this Agreement, except such disclosure as may be required
of the Company to comply with the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange
Act or any rules or regulations thereunder.

      20.   Publications:  Eck shall not disparage or impugn the character of
            ------------
the Company, its employees or members of its Board of Directors nor engage in
any actions damaging to the reputation of the Company.  The Company agrees
that neither its executive officers nor its Board of Directors will disparage
or impugn the character of Eck or take any action to damage his reputation.
The parties will mutually agree upon the wording of any press release
announcing
Eck's departure from or reassignment of duties with the Company.

      21.   Investigation; No Reliance:  Each party has made such
            --------------------------  
investigation of the facts pertaining to this settlement and the Agreement as
it deems necessary, and each party does not rely upon any statement,
representation or promise of any other party, or of any officer, agent,
employee, representative, or any attorney for the other party, in executing
this Agreement, or in making this settlement provided for herein, except as
expressly stated in this Agreement.

      22.   Future Employment:  Eck agrees that after the Extension Period he
            -----------------
will not at any time seek employment with the Company or any of its
affiliates, subsidiaries or divisions.

      23.   Governing Law:  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been
            -------------
executed within the State of California, and the rights and obligations of the
parties hereunder shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and
governed by, the laws of the State of California.

      24.   Successors and Assigns:  This Agreement is binding upon and shall
            ----------------------
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective agents,
employees, representatives, officers, directors, division, parent companies,
subsidiaries, affiliates, assigns, heirs, successors-in-interest and
shareholders.

      25.   Severability:  The provision of this agreement are severable.
            ------------
If any provision is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision.

      26.   Entire Agreement; Amendment:  This agreement sets forth the entire
            ---------------------------
agreement between the parties and supersedes any and all prior oral and
written agreements or understanding between them concerning the subject
matter.  This agreement may not be altered, amended or modified, except by a
further written document signed by both parties.

      27.   Construction:  Each party has cooperated in the preparation of
            ------------
this Agreement.  Hence, in any construction to be made of this Agreement, the
same shall not be construed against any party.

      ECK ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS, SEEK
COUNSEL, AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER ALL OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT BEFORE
SIGNING IT.  ECK  AGREES THAT HE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTANDS IT, AND
IS VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO IT.  ECK HAS TWENTY-ONE (21) DAYS FORM OCTOBER
23, 1993 (THROUGH NOVEMBER 19, 1993) TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT.

      THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT TAKE EFFECT FOR SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER ECK SIGNS
IT.


Dated: Oct 29     , 1993               /s/ Dennis K. Eck
       -----------                     -------------------------------
                                       Dennis K. Eck

                                       THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.

Dated:            , 1993               By:/s/ Roger E. Stangeland
       -----------                        ----------------------------
                                          Roger E. Stangeland
                                          Chairman and Chief
                                          Executive Officer













10-29-93
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.27
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
Exhibit 10.27















              THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. 401(k) WRAP-AROUND PLAN


                         (Effective October 18, 1993)

<PAGE>

              THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. 401(k) WRAP-AROUND PLAN

                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                         Page


ARTICLE I    TITLE AND PURPOSE..........................................  1

ARTICLE II   DEFINITIONS................................................  2

    2.1.  Definitions...................................................  2

ARTICLE III  PARTICIPATION..............................................  7

ARTICLE IV   DEFERRAL ELECTIONS.........................................  8

    4.1.  Annual Deferral Elections.....................................  8
    4.2.  Mid-Year Deferral Election.................................... 10
    4.3.  Irrevocable Election.......................................... 10

ARTICLE V    ACCOUNTS AND INVESTMENT EQUIVALENTS........................ 11

    5.1.  Accounts...................................................... 11
    5.2.  Company Match................................................. 11
    5.3.  Discretionary Company Match................................... 11
    5.4.  Investment Equivalents........................................ 12
    5.5.  Establishment of Trust........................................ 13

ARTICLE VI   VESTING.................................................... 15

ARTICLE VII  BENEFITS................................................... 16

    7.1.  Amount of Benefits............................................ 16
    7.2.  Method of Payment............................................. 16
    7.3.  Hardship Distribution......................................... 16
    7.4.  Company's Right to Withhold................................... 18

ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION............................................. 19

    8.1.  The Plan Committee............................................ 19
    8.2.  Committee Action.............................................. 19
    8.3.  Rights and Duties............................................. 20
    8.4.  Indemnity and Liability....................................... 22
    8.5.  Plan Interpretations Following a Change In
          Control....................................................... 22
    8.6.  Claims Procedure and Arbitration.............................. 23

ARTICLE IX   AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION.................................. 28

    9.1.  Amendments.................................................... 28
    9.2.  Discontinuance of Plan........................................ 28

                                                                         Page

ARTICLE X    MISCELLANEOUS.............................................. 30

   10.1.  Receipt or Release............................................ 30
   10.2.  Limitation on Participants' Rights............................ 30
   10.3.  Beneficiaries................................................. 31
   10.4.  Benefits Not Assignable; Obligations
          Binding Upon Successors....................................... 31
   10.5.  Forfeiture.................................................... 32
   10.6.  California Law Governs; Severability.......................... 32
   10.7.  Gender........................................................ 32
   10.8.  Headings Not Part of Plan..................................... 33

<PAGE>

        THE VONS COMPANIES, INC. 401(k) WRAP-AROUND PLAN


                   (Effective October 18, 1993)

                              ARTICLE I 
                              ---------
                          TITLE AND PURPOSE
                          -----------------  

            This Plan shall be known as "The Vons Companies, Inc. 401(k) Wrap-
Around Plan" and shall become effective October 18, 1993.  The purpose of this
Plan is to provide a long-term performance incentive to employees of The Vons
Companies, Inc. and a means of attracting and retaining employees of
outstanding abilities.

<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE II
                                ----------
                                DEFINITIONS
                                -----------

            2.1.  Definitions.  Whenever the following terms are used in this
                  -----------
Plan they shall have the meaning specified below unless the context clearly
indicates to the contrary:

            Account shall mean the account maintained for each Participant to
            -------
reflect (i) the Compensation or Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution
deferred by the Participant, (ii) the Company Match, (iii) the Discretionary
Company Match and (iv) Investment Equivalents.

            Board of Directors shall mean the Board of Directors of the
            ------------------
Company.

            Change in Control shall mean:
            -----------------

            (a)   Any acquisition by another Person of voting stock of the
      Company if such person shall thereafter be the Beneficial Owner of 50%
      or more of such outstanding voting stock;
 
            (b)   Any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any
      other Person, as the result of which the holders of the Company's voting
      stock immediately prior to the transaction shall, on the basis of such
      holdings prior to such transaction, hold less than 50% of the total
      outstanding voting stock of the surviving corporation immediately upon
      completion of the transaction;

            (c)   Any sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the
      property and assets of the Company; or

            (d)   Any change in a majority of the Board occurring within a
      period of two years or less, such that a majority of the Board is
      comprised of individuals who are not Continuing Directors.  For purposes
      of the foregoing, a "Continuing Director" shall be a director (i) who
      was in office at the commencement of such period of two years of (ii)
      who was elected subsequent to the commencement of any such period with
      the approval of not less than a majority of those directors referred to
      in clause (i) who are then in office.  Any director meeting the
      qualifications of clause (ii) of the previous sentence shall, with
      respect to further determinations after the date of such director's
      initial election, be deemed to be a director meeting the qualifications
      of clause (i) of the previous sentence.

            For the purposes of this definition, "Person" shall have the
      meaning of such term under Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Act"); and the term "Beneficial Owner" shall
      have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 under the Act.  Notwithstanding
      the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred
      under (1), (2) or (3) above if the acquirer, purchaser or 50% owner is
      an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by
      the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company.

            Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
            ----

            Company shall mean The Vons Companies, Inc. and any of its wholly-
            -------
owned subsidiaries.

            Company Match shall mean the additional amount credited to a
            -------------
Participant's Account as a result of the Participant's election to defer his
Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution, as described in Section 5.2.

            Compensation shall mean the base salary, bonus and LTIP Payout
            ------------
which, but for the elections permitted under this Plan, would be payable to a
Participant.

            Compensation Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee
            ----------------------
appointed by the Board of Directors.

            Discretionary Company Match shall mean the additional amount
            ---------------------------
credited to a Participant's Account as a result of the Participant's election
to defer his Compensation, as described in Section 5.3.

            Investment Equivalent shall mean the amount determined by the Plan
            ---------------------
Committee for each Participant pursuant to Article V.

            LTIP Payout shall mean the amount payable to the Participant
            -----------
during a Plan Year from the Company's Long Term Incentive Plan.

            Participant shall mean a person who is eligible for this Plan and
            -----------
makes the deferrals described in Article IV.  A person shall cease to be a
Participant upon payment of his Account.

            Plan shall mean The Vons Companies, Inc. 401(k) Wrap-Around Plan.
            ----

            Plan Committee shall mean the Management Compensation Committee of
            --------------
the Company, the members of which shall be appointed from time to time by the
Compensation Committee in accordance with Article VIII.  The Plan Committee
may be comprised of Participants in this Plan.

            Plan Year shall mean the calendar year.
            ---------

            Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution shall mean the contribution
            --------------------------------------
allocated to the Participant under Section 3.1(b) of the Profit Sharing Plan.

            Profit Sharing Plan shall mean The Vons Companies, Inc. Personal
            -------------------
Choice Profit Sharing Plan.

            Trust shall mean the grantor trust established by the Company
            -----
under Section 5.5 from which the benefits of this Plan may (and, following a
Change in Control, shall) be paid.

            Valuation Date shall mean the last day of each Plan Year.
            --------------

<PAGE>

                                 ARTICLE III
                                 ----------- 
                                PARTICIPATION
                                -------------

            Eligibility for participation in the Plan shall be limited to
management and highly compensated employees of the Company (including officers
and directors) whose (i) Compensation exceeds the limit under Section
401(a)(17) of the Code, or (ii) total Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution
cannot be contributed to the Profit Sharing Plan because of the limit under
Section 402(g) of the Code.  Members of the Plan Committee who satisfy the
above criteria are eligible to participate in the Plan.

<PAGE>

                                 ARTICLE IV
                                 ----------
                              DEFERRAL ELECTIONS
                              ------------------
 
            4.1.  Annual Deferral Elections.  In order to make the deferral
                  -------------------------       
elections permitted under this Section 4.1 for any Plan Year, a Participant
must file a written application for participation with the Plan Committee on a
form provided by the Plan Committee not later than the December 30th
immediately preceding such Plan Year, stating the percentage of base salary,
bonus award, LTIP Payout or Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution that the
Participant elects to defer, and stating the date of payment desired,
according to Section 7.1.  Consistent with the preceding sentence, a
Participant may elect to defer up to 100% of one or more of the following
amounts for any Plan Year:

            (a)   The portion of the Participant's base salary in excess of
      the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit in effect for such Plan Year;


            (b)   Any bonus payable to the Participant during such Plan Year;
      provided, however, that if the Participant's base salary is less than
      the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit in effect for such Plan Year, the
      Participant can only elect to defer that portion of the bonus which
      exceeds an amount equal to the Code Section 401(a)(17) limit minus the
      Participant's base salary;

            (c)   Any LTIP Payout to be made to the Participant during such
      Plan Year; and

            (d)   The portion of the Participant's Profit-related Flexdollar
      Contribution which cannot be contributed to the Profit Sharing Plan
      because of the Code Section 402(g) limit in effect for such Plan Year.

The Participant's base salary, bonus award, LTIP Payout or Profit-related
Flexdollar Contribution shall be reduced by the amount stated in the
Participant's election.  Said amount shall be credited to the Participant's
Account as of the earliest date such amount would otherwise be due and
payable, except that with respect to the portion of a Participant's Profit-
related Flexdollar Contribution deferred under this Plan, such amount shall be
credited as of the December 31 of the Plan Year in which such amount is
earned; provided, however, that the Investment Equivalents on such Profit-
related Flexdollar Contribution deferred shall commence to be credited as of
the following January 1.

            Notwithstanding the above, the application for participation with
respect to the Plan Year commencing October 18, 1993 must be filed with the
Plan Committee no later than October 31, 1993.  A Participant's application
with respect to the initial Plan Year shall be effective starting with the
first payroll period commencing after the application is filed with the Plan
Committee.

            4.2.  Mid-Year Deferral Election. If permitted by the Plan
                  -------------------------- 
Committee, in the event that a Participant first becomes eligible to
participate in the Plan after the commencement of the Plan Year, the
Participant may file a written application to defer the amounts described in
Section 4.1(a), (b), (c) and (d) within 30 days after the date he first
becomes eligible to participate in the Plan.  Such application shall be
effective with respect to the Participant's base salary, bonus, LTIP Payout or
Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution payable after such application is filed
with the Plan Committee.

            4.3.  Irrevocable Election.  A deferral election made in          
                  --------------------
accordance with this Article IV with respect to any Plan Year shall become
binding and irrevocable in all respects upon the commencement of the Plan Year
to which such election applies, except in the event of a hardship, to the
extent set forth in Section 7.3.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE V
                                  ---------
                      ACCOUNTS AND INVESTMENT EQUIVALENTS
                      -----------------------------------
 
            5.1.  Accounts.  The Plan Committee shall maintain an Account for
                  --------
each Participant and shall credit such Account with (i) the amounts of base
salary, bonus award, LTIP Payout and Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution
deferred pursuant to Article IV, (ii) the Company Match calculated pursuant to
Section 5.2, (iii) the Discretionary Company Match calculated pursuant to
Section 5.3 and (iv) the Investment Equivalents calculated pursuant to Section
5.4. 

            5.2.  Company Match.  The Plan Committee shall credit each
                  -------------
Participant's Account with an amount equal to 100% of the Profit-related
Flexdollar Contribution deferred by the Participant.  Such amount shall be
credited to the Participant's Account at the same time that the deferred
Profit-related Flexdollar Contribution is credited to his Account as described
in Section 4.1.

            5.3.  Discretionary Company Match.  The Plan Committee may credit
                  ---------------------------
a Participant's Account with an amount equal to some percentage, established
by the Plan Committee in its sole discretion, of the base salary, bonus award
or LTIP Payout deferred by the Participant.  Such amount shall be credited to
the Participant's Account as of the December 31 of the relevant Plan Year.

            5.4.  Investment Equivalents.  The Investment Equivalent under the
                  ----------------------
Plan for the deferrals, the Company Match and the Discretionary Company Match
credited to the Plan for a particular Plan Year shall be the rate of return
established by the Compensation Committee in consultation with the Plan
Committee for that Plan Year.  Such rate will be set at a value intended to
approximate the Company's incremental cost of long term borrowing and each
Participant's Account shall be credited with appropriate earnings based on
such rate.  Such amount shall be credited on each Valuation Date or at such
other times as may be established by the Plan Committee.  It is anticipated
that the Compensation Committee shall establish a new rate of return annually,
but the new rate of return shall apply only to the deferrals, Company Match
and Discretionary Company Match made for the Plan Year for which the new rate
of return is established. 

            The Company has no obligation to invest amounts deferred under the
Plan in any particular manner.  All amounts under the Plan are subject to the
creditors of the Company; the Participants and Beneficiaries shall have no
rights superior to those of the unsecured creditors of the Company.

            5.5.  Establishment of Trust.  The Company shall establish the
                  ----------------------- 
Trust, or shall amend the trust established under the Company's 1992
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan to include the benefits payable under
this Plan; such trust shall then be considered the Trust.  Prior to a Change
in Control, the Company, in its sole discretion, may at any time and from time
to time, make contributions of cash or other property to the Trust.  Neither
the Trustee nor any Participant or beneficiary shall have any right to compel
such contributions.  Upon a Change in Control, the Company shall immediately
make irrevocable contributions to the Trust in the amounts credited to all
Participants and beneficiaries' Accounts as of the date on which the Change
in Control occurred.

            The provisions of the Plan shall govern the rights of Participants
to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan.  The provisions of the Trust
shall govern the rights of the Company, the Participants and the creditors of
the Company to the assets transferred to the Trust.  The Company shall at all
times remain liable to carry out its obligations under the Plan.  The
Company's obligations under the Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets
distributed pursuant to the terms of the Trust.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VI
                                  ----------
                                   VESTING
                                   -------

            The interest of a Participant in his benefits under the Plan
(other than the benefits attributable to the Discretionary Company Match and
the Investment Equivalents attributable thereto) shall be 100% vested at all
times.  The Discretionary Company Match, and the Investment Equivalents
attributable thereto, if any, credited to a Participant's Account shall vest
at such times as are provided for under the Profit Sharing Plan.


<PAGE>

                                 ARTICLE VII
                                 -----------
                                  BENEFITS
                                  --------

            7.1.  Amount of Benefits.  A Participant (or his beneficiary in
                  ------------------           
the case of his death) shall become entitled to payment of the vested portion
of his Account upon (i) the Participant's termination of employment with the
Company (whether due to retirement, death, disability, or other separation
from service), or (ii) the date designated by the Participant at the time of
making his deferral election, whichever occurs first.


            7.2.  Method of Payment.  A Participant's benefits under the Plan
                  -----------------
shall be paid in the form of a lump sum as soon as administratively feasible
following the time of entitlement to a benefit specified in Section 7.1.

            7.3.  Hardship Distribution.  The Plan Committee may, in its sole
                  ---------------------
discretion, upon written request of a Participant, make a lump sum payment to
a Participant or beneficiary of part or all of the amounts such Participant or
beneficiary is entitled to receive under this Plan to take account of and
ameliorate a financial hardship affecting him or any of his dependents.  A
hardship shall be an event specified in Treasury Regulation Section 1.401(k)-
1(d)(2)(B), and such other serious financial hardships as determined by the
Plan Committee.  If a Participant receives a distribution pursuant to this
Section 7.3, his deferrals shall be suspended for the remainder of the Plan
Year, and he shall not be permitted to make a deferral election under Article
IV for the following Plan Year.  Furthermore, if a Participant suffers a
hardship (as determined by the Plan Committee according to the above
criteria), the Participant may suspend his deferrals for the remainder of the
Plan Year without requesting a distribution.  If the Participant requesting a
distribution or suspension upon hardship is a member of the Plan Committee, he
shall not participate in the decision of the Plan Committee.  The amount of
any such lump sum payment shall not exceed the lesser of:

            (a)   the amount necessary to take account of and ameliorate such
      hardship or

            (b)   the entire amount of such Participant's Account.

            The remaining portion of such Participant's Account, if any, shall
be distributed in accordance with Sections 7.1 and 7.2.  This Section shall
not be construed to allow distribution under the Plan of amounts greater than
those the Participant would have otherwise received, if no distribution under
this Section had been made.

            7.4.  Company's Right to Withhold.  The Company shall have the
                  ---------------------------
right to deduct from any payment any federal, state or local taxes required by
law to be withheld with respect to such payments.

<PAGE>

                               ARTICLE VIII
                               ------------
                              ADMINISTRATION
                              --------------

            8.1.  The Plan Committee.  Any member of the Plan Committee may
                  ------------------
resign by delivering a written resignation to the Compensation Committee.
Members of the Plan Committee shall not receive any additional compensation
for administration of the Plan.

            8.2.  Committee Action.  The Plan Committee shall, for the purpose
                  ----------------
of administering the Plan, choose a Secretary who may be, but is not required
to be, a member of the Plan Committee, who shall keep minutes of the Plan
Committee's proceedings and all records and documents pertaining to the Plan
Committee's administration of the Plan.  A member of the Plan Committee shall
not vote or act upon any matter which relates solely to himself as a
Participant in this Plan.  The Secretary may execute any certificate or other
written direction on behalf of the Plan Committee.  Any act which this Plan
authorizes or requires the Plan Committee to do may be done by a majority of
its members. The action of such majority, expressed from time to time by a
vote at a meeting or by unanimous written consent of Plan Committee members
without a meeting, shall constitute the action of the Plan Committee.

            8.3.  Rights and Duties.  Subject to the limitations of this Plan,
                  -----------------
the Plan Committee shall be charged with the general administration of this
Plan and the responsibility for carrying out its provisions, and shall have
powers necessary to accomplish those purposes, including, but not by way of
limitation, the following:

            (a)   To construe, interpret and administer the Plan;

            (b)   To consult with the Compensation Committee to determine the
      Investment Equivalents;

            (c)   To make any other determinations required by this Plan which
      are not explicitly made the authority of another person or persons by
      this Plan;

            (d)   To compute and certify the amount of benefits payable to
      Participants;

            (e)   To authorize all payments pursuant to the Plan;

            (f)   To determine the necessity for and the amount of any
      hardship distribution pursuant to Section 7.3 of this Plan;

            (g)   To maintain all the necessary records for the administration
      of the Plan;

            (h)   To make and publish rules for the administration,
      interpretation and regulation of the Plan; and

            (i)   To communicate to each Participant annually, as soon as
      practicable after the close of each Plan Year, the value of his Account.


            All actions taken and all determinations made by the Plan
Committee and the Plan Committee's calculation of benefits payable to
Participants shall be conclusive.  In performing its duties, the Plan
Committee shall be entitled to rely on information, opinions, reports or
statements prepared or presented by:  (i) officers or employees of the Company
whom the Plan Committee believes to be reliable and competent as to such
matters; and (ii) counsel (who may be counsel to the Company), independent
accountants and other persons as to matters which the Plan Committee believes
to be within such persons' professional or expert competence.  The Plan
Committee shall be fully protected with respect to any action taken or omitted
by it in good faith pursuant to the advice of such persons.

            8.4.  Indemnity and Liability.  All expenses of the Plan Committee
                  -----------------------
shall be paid by the Company and the Company shall furnish the Plan Committee
with such clerical and other assistance as is necessary in the performance of
its duties.  No member of the Plan Committee shall be liable for any act or
omission of any other member of the Plan Committee nor for any act or omission
on his own part, excepting only his own willful misconduct or gross
negligence.  To the extent permitted by law, the Company shall indemnify and
save harmless each member of the Plan Committee against any and all expenses
and liabilities arising out of his membership on the Plan Committee, excepting
only expenses and liabilities arising out of his own willful misconduct or
gross negligence, as determined by the Board of Directors.

            8.5.  Plan Interpretations Following a Change In Control.
                  --------------------------------------------------
Following a Change in Control, any provisions of this Plan which allow or
purport to allow the Plan Committee, the Company or any fiduciary of the Plan
discretionary authority or power to construe and interpret the terms of the
Plan shall be void as applied to any dispute involving benefits which accrued
under this Plan prior to the Change in Control.  Accordingly, as to such
disputes, an arbitrator or court shall, following a Change in Control,
interpret the Plan on a de novo basis other than with respect to any
                        -------
interpretations or rulings made by the Plan Committee prior to the Change in
Control.

            8.6.  Claims Procedure and Arbitration.
                  --------------------------------

            (a)   A Participant or beneficiary (collectively referred to as a
      "Claimant") may, if he or she desires, submit any claim for payment
      under this Plan or dispute regarding the interpretation of this Plan to
      arbitration.  This right to select arbitration shall be solely that of
      the Claimant, and the Claimant may decide whether or not to arbitrate in
      his or her discretion.  The "right to select arbitration" does not
      impose upon the Claimant a requirement to submit a dispute for
      arbitration.  The Claimant may, in lieu of arbitration, pursue the
      claims procedure established by the Plan Committee, and upon exhaustion
      of such claims procedure, bring an action in an appropriate civil court.
      Furthermore, at any time during the claims procedure, and before the
      Claimant commences an action in a civil court, the Claimant may select
      arbitration.  The claims procedure would thereafter be abandoned, and
      the dispute would be subject to the arbitration procedure set forth
      herein.  The Claimant need not commence or exhaust the Plan's claim
      procedure in order to commence arbitration.  The Claimant retains the
      right to select arbitration, even if a civil action (including, without
      limitation, an action for declaratory relief) is brought by the Company,
      or any other fiduciary of the Plan prior to the commencement of
      arbitration.  If arbitration is selected by the Claimant after a civil
      action concerning the Claimant's dispute has been brought by a person
      other than the Claimant, then the Company, any Trustee of a grantor
      trust from which benefits may be payable ("Trustee") and the Claimant
      shall take such actions as are necessary or appropriate, including
      dismissal of the civil action, so that the arbitration can be timely
      heard.  Once an arbitration is commenced, it may not be discontinued
      without the unanimous consent of all parties to the arbitration.  During
      the lifetime of the Employee only he or she can use the arbitration
      procedure set forth in this section.

            (b)   Any claim for arbitration may be submitted as follows:  if
      the Claimant disagrees with an interpretation of this Plan by the
      Company, or any fiduciary of the Plan, or disagrees with the calculation
      of his or her benefit under the Plan, such claim may be filed in writing
      with an arbitrator of the Claimant's choice who is selected by the
      method described in the next four sentences.  The first step of the
      selection shall consist of the Claimant submitting in writing a list of
      five potential arbitrators to the Company, and the Trustee.  Each of the
      five arbitrators must be either (1) a member of the National Academy of
      Arbitrators located in the state of the Claimant's principal residence
      or (2) a retired California Superior Court or Appellate Court judge.
      Within one week after receipt of the list, the Trustee and the Company
      shall jointly select one of the five arbitrators as the arbitrator for
      the dispute in question.  If the Trustee and Company fail to select an
      arbitrator in a timely manner (including failure to select an arbitrator
      by reason of disagreement between the Trustee and the Company as to the
      arbitrator to be selected), the Claimant shall then designate one of the
      five arbitrators as the arbitrator for the dispute in question.

            (c)   The arbitration hearing shall be held within seven days (or
      as soon thereafter as possible) after the selection of the arbitrator. 
      No continuance of said hearing shall be allowed without the mutual
      consent of the Claimant, the Trustee and the Company.  Absence from or
      nonparticipation at the hearing by any party shall not prevent the
      issuance of an award.  Hearing procedures which will expedite the
      hearing may be ordered at the arbitrator's discretion, and the
      arbitrator may close the hearing in his or her sole discretion when he
      or she decides he or she has heard sufficient evidence to satisfy
      issuance of an award.

            (d)   The arbitrator's award shall be rendered as expeditiously as
      possible and in no event later than one week after the close of the
      hearing.  In the event the arbitrator finds that the Claimant is
      entitled to the benefits he or she claimed, the arbitrator shall order
      the Company and/or the Trustee to pay such benefits, in the amounts and
      at such times as the arbitrator determines.  The obligation of the
      Trustee to pay such benefits shall not, however, exceed the assets of
      the trust, and the Company shall be jointly and severally liable for any
      amount which the Trustee is ordered to pay.  The award of the arbitrator
      shall be final and binding upon the parties.  The Company shall
      thereupon pay the Claimant immediately the amount that the arbitrator
      orders to be paid in the manner described in the award.  The award
      may be enforced in any appropriate court as soon as possible after its
      rendition.  If an action is brought to confirm the award, no appeal
      shall be taken by any party from any decision rendered in such action.

            (e)   If the arbitrator determines either that the Claimant is
      entitled to the claimed benefits or that the claim by the Claimant was
      made in good faith, the arbitrator shall direct the Company to pay to
      the Claimant and Company agrees to pay to the Claimant in accordance
      with such order, an amount equal to the Claimant's expenses in pursuing
      the claim, including attorneys' fees.

<PAGE>

                                 ARTICLE IX
                                 ----------

                          AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION
                          -------------------------

            9.1.  Amendments.  The Compensation Committee shall have the right
                  ----------
to amend this Plan in whole or in part from time to time by resolutions, and
to amend or cancel any amendments; provided, however, that no action under
this section shall cancel or otherwise adversely affect in any way any
Participant's rights with respect to amounts previously allocated to any
Participant's Account.  The Compensation Committee in consultation with the
Plan Committee is specifically granted the power to change the Investment
Equivalents to be credited to Accounts on an annual basis, but only with
respect to the deferrals, Company Match and Discretionary Company Match made
for the Plan Year for which such new rate of Investment Equivalent is
established.  Such amendments shall be stated in an instrument in writing,
certified in the same manner and at the time therein set forth, and all
Participants shall be bound thereby upon receipt of notice thereof.

            9.2.  Discontinuance of Plan.  It is the expectation of the
                  ----------------------
Company that this Plan shall be continued indefinitely, but continuance of
this Plan is not assumed as a contractual obligation of the Company.  In the
event that the Board of Directors decides to discontinue and terminate this
Plan, it shall notify the Plan Committee of its action in an instrument in
writing, certified in the same manner as this Plan, and this Plan shall be
terminated at the time therein set forth, and all Participants shall be bound
thereby; provided, however, that no action under this section shall cancel or
affect in any way any Participant's rights with respect to amounts previously
allocated to any Participant's Account, except that if such termination or
discontinuance occurs prior to a Change in Control, the Plan Committee in its
sole discretion may elect to immediately pay benefits to all Participants in a
lump sum.  If such termination or discontinuance occurs following a Change in
Control, then the payment of benefits from the Trust and this Plan shall be
governed by the provisions of the Plan and the Trust prior to the termination
or discontinuance.

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE X
                                  ---------
                                MISCELLANEOUS
                                -------------

            10.1. Receipt or Release.  Any payment to any Participant or
                  ------------------
beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of this Plan shall, to the
extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Plan
Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Company, and, to the extent
permitted by law, the Plan Committee may require such Participant, as a
condition precedent to such payment, to execute a receipt and release to such
effect.

            10.2. Limitation on Participants' Rights.  Participation in this
                  ----------------------------------
Plan shall not give any Participant the right to be retained in the employ of
the Company or any rights or interest other than as herein provided.  The
employment rights of any Participant or other Employee shall not be enlarged,
guaranteed or affected by reason of any of the provisions of this Plan.  The
Company reserves the right to dismiss any Participant without any liability
for any claim against the Company under this Plan, except for payment of
vested benefits to the extent expressly provided herein.  This Plan shall
create only a contractual obligation on the part of the Company as to such
amounts and shall not be construed as creating a trust or any fiduciary
relationship.  This Plan, in and of itself, has no assets and no assets or
funds of the Company shall be set aside or otherwise segregated to satisfy the
obligations created hereunder, other than in the Trust.  Participants or
Beneficiaries shall have only the rights of general unsecured creditors of the
Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, on
their Accounts.

            10.3. Beneficiaries.  A Participant may designate in writing, on
                  -------------
forms prescribed by and filed with the Committee, a beneficiary or
beneficiaries to receive any payments payable after his death and may at any
time amend or revoke any such designation.  If no beneficiary designation is
in effect at the time of a Participant's death, payments hereunder shall be
made to his personal representative.  Any payments which would have been
payable to any Participant if he had lived shall be paid to the Participant's
designated Beneficiaries (or, in the absence of any such designation, to his
personal representative) according to Section 7.2.

            10.4. Benefits Not Assignable; Obligations Binding Upon
                  -------------------------------------------------
Successors.  Benefits of a Participant under this Plan shall not be
- -----------
assignable or transferable and any purported transfer, assignment, pledge or
other encumbrance or attachment of any payments or benefits under this plan,
other than by operation of law or pursuant to Section 10.3, shall not be
permitted or recognized.  Obligations of the Company under this Plan shall be
binding upon successors of the Company.

            10.5. Forfeiture.  Any payment or distribution to a Participant or
                  ----------
beneficiary under the Plan shall be deemed made when mailed by normal first
class mail to the last known mailing address of the Participant or
beneficiary.  Neither the Plan Committee, the Compensation Committee nor the
Company shall have any duty to give notice that amounts are payable under the
Plan to any person other than the Participant.

            10.6. California Law Governs; Severability.  The validity of this
                  ------------------------------------
Plan or any of its provisions shall be construed, administered and governed in
all respects under and by the laws of the State of California to the extent
such laws are not preempted by federal law.  If any provisions of this
instrument shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be fully
effective.

            10.7. Gender.  The masculine pronoun and adjective shall be deemed
                  ------
to include the feminine, unless a different meaning is plainly required by the
context.

            10.8. Headings Not Part of Plan.  Headings and subheadings in this
                  -------------------------
Plan are inserted for reference only and are not to be considered in the
construction of the provisions hereof.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company hereby adopts this Plan on this
11th day of October, 1993.
- ----

                            THE VONS COMPANIES, INC.

                            By: /s/ Terrence Joseph Wallock
                                --------------------------------
                                    Terrence. J. Wallock
                                Its Senior Vice President
                                    ---------------------------
                                    Chief Legal & Security Officer & Secty


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
