-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CbRX607OY8ZHLtw29cjKthPGvLEWYamJlRV2wRirmz6de1MlrarnXfoKHpHUzw5V
 0zUGezAzuDaPKeSwXuwWtg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950144-94-000717.txt : 19940331
<IMS-HEADER>0000950144-94-000717.hdr.sgml : 19940331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950144-94-000717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION PLANTERS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6021
		IRS NUMBER:				620859007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10160
		FILM NUMBER:		94518249

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7130 GOODLETT FARMS PKWY
		CITY:			CORDOVA
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9013836000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 387
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38147
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1




                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

                 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 X   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
- ---  ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993

                                       OR

     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
- ---  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

             For the transition period from _________ to _________

                           Commission File No. 0-6919

                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
                <S>                                          <C>
                       Tennessee                                         62-0859007
                (State of incorporation)                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
</TABLE>

             7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway, Memphis, Tennessee 38018
             (address of principal executive offices and zip code)

      Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (901) 383-6000

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
                                                 
<TABLE>                                          
           <S>                                             <C>
           Common Stock having a par                       New York Stock Exchange
           value of $5 per share                           (name of each exchange
              (title of class)                             on which registered)
</TABLE>                                         

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                  8% Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock,
                Series E having a stated value of $25 per share
                                (title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirement for the past 90 days.

                        Yes   X                  No 
                             ---                    ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.   /X/


The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant at February 28, 1994 was approximately $440,285,000.

            INDICATE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING OF EACH OF THE
                     REGISTRANT'S CLASSES OF COMMON STOCK.

<TABLE>                          
    <S>                                      <C>
            CLASS                            OUTSTANDING AT FEBRUARY 17, 1994
                                 
    Common Stock having a par                           20,505,885
    value of $5 per share        
       (title of class)          
</TABLE>                         

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

<TABLE>
           <S>                                                            <C>
                                                                              Part of Form 10-K
               Documents Incorporated                                      into which Incorporated
               ----------------------                                      -----------------------

          1.  Certain parts of the Annual Report to                       Items 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8
              Shareholders for the year ended December
              31, 1993

          2.  Certain parts of the Definitive Proxy                               Part III
              Statement for the Annual Shareholders
              Meeting to be held April 28, 1994
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   2
                        FORM 10-K CROSS REFERENCE INDEX


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Page Number
                                                                                 -----------
<S>                                                                                  <C>
PART I

  Item 1.          Business                                                           4

  Item 1a.         Executive Officers of the Registrant                              20

  Item 2.          Properties                                                        22

  Item 3.          Legal Proceedings                                                 23

  Item 4.          Submission of Matters to a Vote of
                     Security Holders                                                 *


PART II

  Item 5.          Market for the Registrant's Common
                     Stock and Related Stockholder
                     Matters                                                         27

  Item 6.          Selected Financial Data                                           27

  Item 7.          Management's Discussion and
                     Analysis of Financial Condition
                     and Results of Operations                                       27

  Item 8.          Financial Statements and
                     Supplementary Data                                              27

  Item 9.          Changes in and Disagreements
                     with Accountants on Accounting
                     and Financial Disclosure                                         *

PART III

  Item 10.         Directors and Executive Officers
                     of the Registrant                                               27

  Item 11.         Executive Compensation                                            28

  Item 12.         Security Ownership of Certain
                      Beneficial Owners and Management                               28

  Item 13.         Certain Relationships and Related
                      Transactions                                                   28

</TABLE>




                                      -2-
<PAGE>   3
PART IV
                                                                      
<TABLE>                                                               
<S>                                                                                         <C>
  Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement                            
                                                                      
                Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K                                          28
                                                                      
                                                                      
SIGNATURES                                                                                  30
</TABLE>                                                              
                                                                      


* Not Applicable





                                      -3-
<PAGE>   4
                                     PART I

                               ITEM 1.  BUSINESS


GENERAL

       Union Planters Corporation (the Corporation) is a registered bank
holding company and savings and loan holding company incorporated under the
laws of Tennessee in 1971 and headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. The
Corporation's activities are conducted primarily through its 32 (38 including
acquisitions consummated subsequent to December 31, 1993 and through March 1,
1994) bank and savings and loan subsidiaries headquartered in Tennessee,
Mississippi, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Alabama. The largest subsidiary of the
Corporation is Union Planters National Bank (UPNB), a financial services
company which provides commercial banking services and products in Tennessee
and other selected markets, primarily in the Mid-South and the Southeastern
United States. Reference is made to Table 15 in Part II, Item 7, of
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations (MD&A) for a listing of the Corporation's subsidiaries owned at
December 31, 1993, showing their respective total assets, total loans, total
deposits, and total shareholders' equity.

     The Corporation serves its customers through 234 banking offices.
Reference is made to page 59 of the 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders for a
listing of the cities and communities served and the number of banking offices
for each of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries.





                                      -4-
<PAGE>   5
UNION PLANTERS NATIONAL BANK (UPNB)

     UPNB offers a full range of traditional commercial banking services and
products to individuals, businesses, and public and private entities. In
addition to commercial loans, UPNB offers cash management and depository
services, correspondent banking services, real estate and construction lending
services, secured or asset-based lending, agri-business lending, leasing, and
international trade services. Retail banking services include demand, savings
and time deposit accounts, money market accounts, small commercial loans,
personal loans, real estate and installment loans, credit cards, safe deposit
facilities, trust and discount brokerage services, and other ancillary
financial services normally furnished by full-service banks. Special private
banking centers offer a complete range of personal financial services including
credit and special investment services suitable to individuals having complex
financial services needs.

     Trust services offered by UPNB include investment of funds, financial
planning, estate and trust administration, and other trust services to
individuals, businesses, government, and nonprofit organizations. UPNB acts in
various corporate trust and agency capacities in connection with living trusts,
retirement plans, and wills. Trust services are offered through UPNB's branch
system, an office in Jackson, Tennessee, and its principal trust office in
Memphis, Tennessee. Trust revenues for 1993 were $5.0 million compared to $4.5
million in 1992.

     UPNB is a major residential mortgage and construction lender in Shelby
County, Tennessee. UPNB acts as a mortgage loan originator, processor, and
servicer and its revenues are derived from brokerage, origination, and
servicing fees. For 1993, these business activities had total revenues of
approximately $13.2 million compared to $15.3 million in 1992.

     Commercial banking services also include providing data processing for
correspondent banks and a computerized remote data- processing system to both
correspondent and non-affiliated small and medium-sized banks. Management has
decided to discontinue its data-processing services and the wind-down should be
completed by mid-year 1994. Gross revenues from this operation were $482,000 in
1993 compared to $786,000 in 1992.

     Union Planters Brokerage Services (UPBS), an unincorporated division of
UPNB, offers discount securities brokerage services to retail customers,
primarily individuals. Revenues from this operation were $1.5 million in 1993
compared to $1.2 million in 1992.

     Through its Capital Markets Operation, UPNB purchases, pools, and
securitizes portfolios of whole mortgage loans, consumer loans, and other
financial instruments.  The UPNB SBA Loan Trading





                                      -5-
<PAGE>   6
Operation is similar to the Capital Markets Operations except that it involves
the purchasing, pooling, and securitization of the government-guaranteed
portions of SBA loans. The Capital Markets and SBA Loan Trading Operations
contributed approximately $474,000 and $4.1 million, respectively, to the
pretax earnings of UPNB in 1993 and had gross revenues of $4.0 million and
$12.7 million, respectively.  In 1992, these operations generated pretax
earnings of $2.5 million and $3.8 million, respectively, on gross revenues of
$8.6 million and $11.2 million, respectively.

     In 1993, UPNB had net earnings of $35.6 million, which represented a
return on average assets (ROA) of 1.07%, compared to net earnings of $27.1
million and an ROA of .89% for 1992.

COMMUNITY BANKING SUBSIDIARIES

     The Corporation's Community Bank Group consists of 28 (34 including
acquisitions consummated subsequent to December 31, 1993 and through March 1,
1994) bank and three savings and loan subsidiaries headquartered in Tennessee,
Mississippi, Arkansas, Kentucky, and Alabama, and offers full retail banking
services in the market areas served. These services include checking and
savings accounts, money market accounts, various types of time deposits, safe
deposit facilities, 24-hour service for certain banking transactions through
automated teller machines, limited trust services, and money transfers.
Services also include financing of commercial transactions and making and
servicing both secured and unsecured loans to individuals, partnerships, and
corporations.  The installment loan departments of the Community Banks make
direct loans to individuals for personal, automobile, real estate, home
improvement, business, and similar needs.

     In 1993, the Community Bank Group had net earnings of $30.2 million which
represented a 1.01% ROA. This compares to net earnings of $24.4 million in 1992
which represented a 1.36% ROA.  The decline in ROA between 1992 and 1993 was
due primarily to one-time charges related to institutions acquired in 1993 and
provisions for conversion to a new data processing system.

     Reference is made to the MD&A discussion incorporated herein by reference
in Part II, Item 7, and to Note 2 to the financial statements for information
regarding the Corporation's completed and pending acquisitions.

UNION PLANTERS INVESTMENT BANKERS CORPORATION (UPIBC)

     In the fourth quarter of 1990, the broker/dealer operations conducted by
UPIBC and its subsidiaries were discontinued, and on January 2, 1991, the
Corporation acquired an interest as a limited partner in Vining-Sparks IBG,
Limited Partnership (VSIBG), the general partner of which is
Memphis-headquartered broker/dealer, Vining Sparks Securities, Inc. (VSS).
VSIBG engages in certain





                                      -6-
<PAGE>   7
broker/dealer activities of the types formerly carried on separately by VSS and
UPIBC.  As discussed above, the activities of the Capital Markets and SBA Loan
Trading Operations which were formerly part of UPIBC have been transferred to
UPNB and are now part of UPNB's banking operations.

     The revenues of the broker/dealer operations are now limited to the
Corporation's proportionate share (29%) of net earnings from its passive
investment as a limited partner in VSIBG, which amounted to $3.7 million in
1993 and $3.9 million in 1992.

    The Corporation's investment in VSIBG at December 31, 1993 was $5.5
million.  The only significant accounting transactions related to UPIBC in 1993
and 1992 were expenses related to pending litigation and some expenses related
to winding down the former operations. Reference is made to Notes 13 and 19 to
the financial statements found on pages 25 and 33, respectively, of the 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders.  Reference is also made to Table 1, "Summary of
Consolidated Results" on page 49 of the 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders for
the impact of the broker/dealer operations on 1993 operating results.  The
material specifically referred to is incorporated by reference as a part of
this response.

                           SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

     Bank holding companies, banks, savings and loan holding companies, savings
and loan associations, and many of their non-bank subsidiaries are extensively
regulated under both federal and state law. Compliance with these laws,
including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991,
continues to increase the regulatory burden on depository institutions,
including the banking and thrift subsidiaries of the Corporation. The following
description of statutory and regulatory provisions is not intended to be
exhaustive and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such provisions.
Any significant change in applicable law or regulations may have a material
effect on the businesses and prospects of the Corporation.

GENERAL

       As a bank holding company ("BHC"), the Corporation is subject to the
regulation and supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the "Federal Reserve"). In addition, as a savings and loan holding
company, the Corporation is registered with the Office of Thrift Supervision
(the "OTS") and is subject to OTS regulations, supervision, and reporting
requirements under the Home Owners Loan Act. The Corporation's subsidiaries
which are national banking associations, including UPNB, are subject to
supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
(the "Comptroller") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC").
State bank subsidiaries of the





                                      -7-
<PAGE>   8
Corporation which are members of the Federal Reserve System are subject to
supervision and examination by both the Federal Reserve and the state banking
authorities of the states in which their headquarters are located. State bank
subsidiaries which are not members of the Federal Reserve System are subject to
supervision and examination both by the FDIC and the state banking authorities
of the states in which they are located. The Corporation's savings and loan and
savings bank subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by the
OTS. The Corporation's "Banking Subsidiaries" (which term, as used herein,
shall be deemed to include its savings and loan and savings bank subsidiaries)
are subject to various requirements and restrictions, including requirements to
maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts of
loans that may be granted and the rate of interest that may be charged thereon,
and limitations on the types and amounts of investments which may be made and
the types of services that may be offered. Various consumer-protection laws and
regulations also affect the operations of the Corporation's Banking
Subsidiaries.  In addition to the impact of regulation, the Banking
Subsidiaries are affected significantly by the actions of the Federal Reserve
as it attempts to control the money supply and credit availability in order to
influence the economy.

       The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "BHCA") generally
requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve where a BHC proposes to
acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting
shares of any bank or otherwise to acquire control of a bank or to merge or
consolidate with any other BHC. The BHCA generally prohibits the Federal
Reserve from approving an application by a BHC to acquire a bank located in
another state, unless such an acquisition is specifically authorized by statute
of the state in which the bank to be acquired is located. Tennessee and certain
other states, including most states contiguous to Tennessee, have adopted
reciprocal interstate banking legislation permitting Tennessee-based bank
holding companies to acquire banks and bank holding companies in such other
states and allowing bank holding companies located in such states other than
Tennessee to acquire banks and bank holding companies headquartered in
Tennessee.

       A BHC is generally prohibited under the BHCA from acquiring voting
shares of any company which is not a bank and from engaging in any activities
other than those of banking or of managing or controlling banks or furnishing
services to, or performing services for its subsidiaries. An exception to these
prohibitions permits a BHC to engage in, or to acquire an interest in a
company, such as a thrift institution, which engages in activities which the
Federal Reserve has determined are so closely related to banking or managing or
controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>   9
CAPITAL ADEQUACY

       The Federal Reserve has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank
holding companies. The minimum requirement of the guidelines for the ratio of a
BHC's total capital to risk-weighted assets, including certain
off-balance-sheet activities such as standby letters of credit (the "Total
Capital Ratio") is 8%. At least one-half of a BHC's total capital must be
composed of Tier 1 Capital which consists of common shareholders' equity,
minority interests in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries,
non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, and a limited amount of cumulative
perpetual preferred stock, less goodwill ("Tier 1 Capital"). The remainder of
total capital is classified as "Tier 2 Capital," which may consist of
subordinated debt (or certain other qualifying debt issued prior to March 12,
1988), other preferred stock, and a limited amount of loan loss reserves.

       In addition, the Federal Reserve has established minimum leverage ratio
guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a minimum
ratio of Tier 1 Capital to average total assets, less goodwill (the "Leverage
Ratio") of 3% for bank holding companies that meet certain specified criteria,
including those having the highest regulatory rating. All other bank holding
companies generally are required to maintain a Leverage Ratio of at least 3%
plus an additional cushion of 100 to 200 basis points.  The guidelines also
provide that bank holding companies experiencing internal growth or making
acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially
above the minimum prescribed supervisory levels without significant reliance on
intangible assets. Moreover, the Federal Reserve has indicated that it will
consider a tangible Tier 1 Capital leverage ratio (arrived at by deducting all
intangibles) and other indicia of capital strength in evaluating proposals for
expansion or new activities.  The Federal Reserve has not advised the
Corporation of any specific minimum Leverage Ratio which would be applied to
the Corporation.

       In addition to those applicable to BHCs, there are capital guidelines
which must also be met by each of a BHC's depository-institution subsidiaries.
The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Comptroller, and the OTS have adopted
substantially similar minimum capital guidelines with which each of the
Corporation's Banking Subsidiaries regulated by them is expected to comply.
State-chartered banks are also required to meet minimum capital requirements
prescribed by their respective state bank regulatory authorities.

       Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could subject a depository
institution to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a
capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, and a
prohibition on the taking of brokered deposits. As described below, under the
"Prompt Corrective Action" regulations, substantial additional restrictions can
be imposed upon FDIC-insured institutions which fail to meet





                                      -9-
<PAGE>   10
applicable capital requirements. See " -- Prompt Corrective Action."

       At December 31, 1993, the Corporation's Total (risk-based) Capital Ratio
was 18.59%, its Tier 1 Capital ratio was 14.85% and its Leverage Ratio was
7.10%. In addition, each of the Corporation's Banking Subsidiaries satisfied
the minimum capital requirements applicable to it and had the requisite capital
levels to qualify as a "well-capitalized" institution under the prompt
corrective action provisions discussed below.

PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION

       The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
("FDICIA") enacted in December 1991 requires the appropriate federal bank
regulatory authorities to take "prompt corrective action" with respect to
depository institutions which do not meet their minimum capital requirements.
FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: "well capitalized," "adequately
capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized," and
"critically undercapitalized." Under the capital regulations, a bank is defined
to be well capitalized if it maintains a Leverage Ratio of at least 5%, a Tier
1 Capital ratio of at least 6% and a Total Capital ratio of at least 10% and
has not been determined to be in a "troubled condition" by its appropriate
federal regulatory authority. A bank is defined to be adequately capitalized if
it meets all of its minimum capital requirements as described above under " --
Capital Adequacy." A bank will be considered to be undercapitalized if it
should fail to meet any minimum required measure, significantly
undercapitalized if it should fall significantly below such measure, and
critically undercapitalized if it should fail to maintain a level of tangible
equity equal to not less than 2% of its total assets. A bank may be deemed to
be in a capitalization category which is lower than is indicated by its actual
capital position if it should receive an unsatisfactory examination rating.

       All institutions, regardless of their capital levels, are restricted
from making any capital distributions or paying any management fees if, as a
result thereof, the institution would fail to satisfy the minimum levels
required in order to be considered adequately capitalized. An undercapitalized
institution is: (i) subject to increased monitoring by the appropriate federal
banking regulator; (ii) required to submit to its regulator an acceptable
capital restoration plan within 45 days; (iii) subject to asset growth
limitations; and (iv) required to obtain prior regulatory approval for
acquisitions, branching, and new lines of business.  The capital restoration
plan must include a guarantee by the institution's holding company that the
institution will comply with the plan until it has been adequately capitalized
on average for four consecutive quarters. Pursuant to the guarantee, the
institution's holding company would be liable up to the lesser of





                                      -10-
<PAGE>   11
5% of the institution's total assets or the amount necessary to bring the
institution into capital compliance as of the date it failed to comply with its
capital restoration plan. If the controlling BHC should fail to fulfill its
obligations under the guarantee and should file (or have filed against it) a
petition under the federal Bankruptcy Code, the appropriate federal banking
regulator could have a claim as a general creditor of the BHC, and, if the
guarantee were deemed to be a commitment to maintain capital under the federal
Bankruptcy Code, the claim would be entitled to a priority position in such
bankruptcy proceeding over third-party creditors of the BHC.

       The regulatory agencies have discretionary authority to reclassify
well-capitalized institutions as adequately capitalized or to impose on
adequately capitalized institutions requirements or actions specified for
undercapitalized institutions if the agency should determine, after notice and
an opportunity for hearing, that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound
condition or is engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice, which may consist of
its receipt of an unsatisfactory examination rating if the deficiencies cited
are not corrected. A significantly undercapitalized institution, as well as any
undercapitalized institution which fails to submit an acceptable capital
restoration plan, may be subject to regulatory demands for recapitalization,
broader application of restrictions on transactions with affiliates,
limitations upon interest rates paid on deposits, asset growth and other
activities, possible replacement of directors and officers and restrictions on
capital distributions by any BHC controlling the institution. Any company
controlling the institution could also be required to divest the institution or
the institution could be required to divest subsidiaries. The senior executive
officers of a significantly undercapitalized institution may not receive
bonuses or increases in compensation without prior regulatory approval and the
institution would be prohibited from making payments of the principal of, or
interest on its subordinated debt. If an institution should become critically
undercapitalized, the institution will be subject to conservatorship or
receivership within 90 days unless periodic determinations are made that
forbearance from such action would better protect the deposit insurance fund.
Unless appropriate findings and certifications are made by the appropriate
federal bank regulatory agencies, a critically undercapitalized institution
must be placed in receivership if it should remain critically undercapitalized
on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on
which it became critically undercapitalized.

DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS

       The Corporation is a legal entity which is separate and distinct from
its Subsidiary Banks as well as its non-bank subsidiaries. The Corporation's
revenues (on a parent company only basis) result, in significant part, from
dividends and management





                                      -11-
<PAGE>   12
fees paid to the Corporation by its subsidiaries. The right of the Corporation,
and consequently the right of creditors and shareholders of the Corporation, to
participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary,
through the payment of such dividends or otherwise, is necessarily subject to
the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiary (including its depositors, in
the case of the Banking Subsidiaries) except to the extent that claims of the
Corporation in its capacity as a creditor may be recognized.

       There are statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the
payment of dividends by the Corporation's Banking Subsidiaries to the
Corporation. Each subsidiary of the Corporation which is a national banking
association, including UPNB, is required by federal law to obtain the prior
approval of the Comptroller for the payment of dividends if the total of all
dividends declared by the board of directors of such bank in any year would
exceed the total of (i) such bank's net profits (as defined and interpreted by
regulation) for that year plus (ii) the retained net profits (as defined and
interpreted by regulation) for the preceding two years, less any required
transfers to surplus. In addition, national banks may only pay dividends to the
extent that their retained net profits (including the portion transferred to
surplus) exceed statutory bad debts (as defined by regulation). The
Corporation's state-chartered Depository Subsidiaries are subject to similar
restrictions on the payment of dividends by the respective state laws under
which they are organized. Moreover, as noted above under " -- Prompt Corrective
Action," all depository institutions are prohibited from paying any dividends,
making other distributions or paying any management fees if, after such
payment, the depository institution would fail to satisfy its minimum capital
requirements.  At December 31, 1993, UPNB and the Corporation's other
Depository Subsidiaries had, in the aggregate, approximately $74.3 million
available for distribution to the Corporation without obtaining prior
regulatory approval. The actual amount of dividends paid will be limited to a
lesser amount by management of the Corporation in order to maintain compliance
with the Corporation's own internal capital guidelines and to maintain strong
capital positions in each of the Banking Subsidiaries of the Corporation.
Future dividends will essentially depend upon the level of earnings of the
Banking Subsidiaries of the Corporation.

       It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that bank holding companies
should pay dividends only out of current earnings. The federal bank regulatory
authorities may also prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying a
dividend if they should deem such payment to be an unsafe or unsound practice.
Furthermore, it is the position of the Federal Reserve that as a BHC, the
Corporation is expected to act as a source of financial strength to each of its
subsidiary banks. See " -- Support of Banking Subsidiaries" below.





                                      -12-
<PAGE>   13
SUPPORT OF BANKING SUBSIDIARIES

       Under Federal Reserve policy, the Corporation is expected to act as a
source of financial strength to its Banking Subsidiaries and, where required,
to commit resources to support each of such Subsidiaries. This support may be
required at times when, absent such Federal Reserve policy, the Corporation
might not be inclined to provide it. Moreover, if one of its subsidiary banks
should become undercapitalized, the Corporation would be required by FDICIA to
guarantee the subsidiary bank's compliance with its capital plan in order for
such plan to be accepted by the appropriate federal regulatory authority. See
"-- Prompt Corrective Action."

       Under the "cross guarantee" provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act, any FDIC-insured subsidiary of the Corporation (which includes all of the
Corporation's Banking Subsidiaries) may be held liable for any loss incurred
by, or reasonably expected to be incurred by the FDIC in connection with (i)
the "default" of any other commonly controlled FDIC-insured subsidiary or (ii)
any assistance provided by the FDIC to any commonly controlled FDIC-insured
subsidiary "in danger of default." "Default" is defined generally as the
appointment of a conservator or receiver and "in danger of default" is defined
generally as the existence of certain conditions indicating that a default is
likely to occur in the absence of regulatory assistance.

       Because it is a bank holding company, any capital loans made by the
Corporation to any of its Banking Subsidiaries are subordinate in right of
payment to the claims of depositors and to certain other indebtedness of such
Banking Subsidiary. In the event of a BHC's bankruptcy, any commitment by the
BHC to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary
bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of
payment over certain other creditors of the BHC.

TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES

       Provisions of the Federal Reserve Act impose restrictions and
limitations upon the type, amount, quantity, and quality of transactions
between an "affiliate" (as defined below) of an FDIC-insured bank and the
insured bank (including transactions with its bank holding company and its
nonbank subsidiaries). The purpose of these restrictions and limitations is to
prevent misuse of the resources of an FDIC-insured institution by its uninsured
affiliates. An exception to most of these restrictions is provided for
transactions between two insured banks which are subsidiaries of the same bank
holding company where the holding company owns 80% or more of each of these
banks (the "sister bank" exception). The restrictions are also inapplicable to
transactions between an insured bank and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. These
restrictions include limitations on the purchase and sale of assets and





                                      -13-
<PAGE>   14
extensions of credit by the insured bank to its BHC or its BHC's nonbank
subsidiaries. An insured bank and its subsidiaries are limited in engaging in
"covered transactions" with their nonbank or non-savings bank affiliates to the
following amounts: (i) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate
amount of covered transactions of the insured bank and its subsidiaries may not
lawfully exceed 10% of the capital stock and surplus of the insured bank and
(ii) in the case of all affiliates of such insured bank, the aggregate amount
of covered transactions of the insured bank and its subsidiaries may not
lawfully exceed 20% of the capital stock and surplus of the bank. "Covered
transactions" are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit,
as well as a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, a purchase of
assets (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve), the acceptance of
securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan and the issuance of
a guarantee, acceptance, or letter of credit for, or on behalf of, an
affiliate. An "affiliate" of an insured bank is a person or entity which
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such insured bank.
The BHCA also prohibits a BHC and its subsidiaries from engaging in certain
tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale
of property or furnishing of services.

FDIC INSURANCE ASSESSMENTS

       The Banking Subsidiaries of the Corporation are subject to FDIC deposit
insurance assessments. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based premium schedule which
has increased the assessment rates for most FDIC-insured depository
institutions. Under the new schedule, the annual premiums initially range from
$.23 to $.31 for every $100 of deposits. Each financial institution is assigned
to one of three capital classifications -- well capitalized, adequately
capitalized or undercapitalized -- and further assigned to one of three
subgroups within its capital classification based upon supervisory evaluations
by the institution's primary federal and, if applicable, state supervisory
authorities and on the basis of other information relevant to the institution's
financial condition and the risk posed to the applicable insurance fund. The
actual assessment rate applicable to a particular institution will, therefore,
depend in part upon the risk assessment classification so assigned to the
institution by the FDIC.

RECENT BANKING LEGISLATION

       In addition to the matters noted above, FDICIA made other significant
changes to the federal banking laws. FDICIA institutes certain changes to the
supervisory process, including provisions that mandate certain regulatory
agency actions against undercapitalized institutions within specified time
limits.

       STANDARDS FOR SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS. FDICIA required the federal bank
regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation to become





                                      -14-
<PAGE>   15
effective no later than December 1, 1993, standards for all insured depository
institutions and depository-institution holding companies relating to: (i)
internal controls, information systems and audit systems; (ii) loan
documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest-rate risk exposure; (v)
asset growth; and (vi) compensation, fees, and benefits. The compensation
standards must prohibit employment contracts, compensation or benefit
arrangements, stock option plans, fee arrangements or other compensatory
arrangements that would provide excessive compensation, fees or benefits or
could lead to material financial loss, but (subject to certain exceptions) may
not prescribe specific compensation levels or ranges for directors, officers or
employees. In addition, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required to
prescribe by regulation standards specifying: (i) maximum classified assets to
capital ratios; (ii) minimum earnings sufficient to absorb losses without
impairing capital; and (iii) to the extent feasible, a minimum ratio of market
value to book value for publicly traded shares of depository institutions and
depository-institution holding companies.

       BROKERED DEPOSITS. The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the
receipt of brokered deposits. Under the regulations, a bank may not lawfully
accept, roll over or renew any brokered deposits unless (i) it is well
capitalized or (ii) it is adequately capitalized and receives a waiver from the
FDIC. A bank that may not receive brokered deposits also may not offer
"pass-through" insurance on certain employee benefit accounts. Whether or not
it has obtained such a waiver, an adequately capitalized bank may not pay an
interest rate on any deposits in excess of 75 basis points over certain
prevailing market rates specified by regulation.  There are no such
restrictions on a bank that is well capitalized.  Because UPNB and all of the
Community Banks had at December 31, 1993, the requisite capital levels to
qualify as well capitalized institutions, management of the Corporation
believes that the brokered deposits regulation will have no material effect on
the funding or liquidity of any of its Banking Subsidiaries. Moreover,
management does not believe that the Corporation now has, or at that date had
brokered deposits in any amount.

       CONSUMER PROTECTION PROVISIONS. FDICIA seeks to encourage enforcement of
existing consumer-protection laws and enacted new consumer-oriented provisions
including a requirement of notice to appropriate regulatory authorities and
customers of any proposed branch closing and provisions intended to encourage
the offering of "lifeline" banking accounts and lending in distressed
communities.  FDICIA also requires depository institutions to make additional
disclosures to depositors with respect to the rate of interest to be paid on,
and the terms of their deposit accounts.

       INSTITUTIONAL EXPOSURE. FDICIA also required the Federal Reserve to
prescribe standards which limit the risks posed by an insured institution's
"exposure" to any other depository





                                      -15-
<PAGE>   16
institution in order to limit the risks that the failure of a large depository
institution would pose to an insured depository institution. FDICIA broadly
defines "exposure" to include extensions of credit to the other institution;
purchases of, or investments in, securities issued by the other institution;
securities issued by the other institution and accepted as collateral for an
extension of credit to any person; and all similar transactions which the
Federal Reserve has defined by regulation to constitute exposure. The Federal
Reserve has adopted certain procedures and "benchmark" standards to limit an
insured depository institution's credit and settlement exposure to each of its
correspondent banks. The final rules were effective on December 19, 1992, but
provided for a two-year transition period.

       MISCELLANEOUS. FDICIA also made extensive changes in the applicable
rules regarding audit, examinations, and accounting.  FDICIA generally requires
annual, on-site, full-scope examinations by each bank's primary federal
regulatory authority. FDICIA also imposes new responsibilities on management,
the independent audit committee and outside accountants to develop, approve or
attest to reports regarding the effectiveness of internal controls, legal
compliance, and off-balance-sheet liabilities and assets.

       DEPOSITOR PREFERENCE. Legislation recently enacted by Congress
establishes a nationwide depositor preference rule in the event of a bank
failure. Under this arrangement, all deposits and certain other claims against
a bank, including the claim of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors,
would receive payment in full before any general creditor of the bank would be
entitled to any payment in the event of an insolvency or liquidation of the
bank.

SECURITIES ACTIVITIES

     The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and in some instances state securities
statutes impose supervisory and regulatory requirements on the various
securities activities conducted by banks and non-banking subsidiaries of bank
holding companies.

GOVERNMENT POLICIES

     The earnings of the Corporation may be significantly affected by the
policies of various regulatory authorities, including the domestic monetary
policies of the Federal Reserve regulating credit, United States fiscal policy,
and policies implemented by regulations affecting interest rates payable on
deposits. The effect of such changes in policies upon the future earnings of
the Corporation cannot be predicted.

COMPETITION

     The Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial
competition in all aspects of their businesses. They





                                      -16-
<PAGE>   17
compete directly with numerous other financial services firms, a significant
number of which have substantially greater capital and other resources, higher
lending limits, larger advertising budgets, and which offer a wider range of
financial services. In addition to the competition from commercial banks and
securities firms, there is increasing competition from other sources such as
savings and loans, insurance companies, consumer finance companies, credit
unions, mortgage companies, money market funds, and lending agencies of the
United States Government. In the five-county Memphis market alone, there were
approximately 45 banks and savings and loan associations (excludes credit
unions) at June 30, 1993, as well as numerous other competing financial
institutions. There is significant competition with respect to interest rates
paid on deposits, interest rates charged on loans, and fees charged for
services.

PERSONNEL

     As of February 28, 1994, the Corporation, including all subsidiaries, had
3,457 employees (including 517 part-time employees).

STATISTICAL DISCLOSURES

     The statistical information required by Item 1 may be found in the 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders, and, to the extent indicated, is incorporated
herein by reference, as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Page in the Corporation's
                                               1993 Annual Report to
     Guide 3 Disclosure                            Shareholders      
     ------------------                      -------------------------
  <S>                                            <C>
  I. Distribution of Assets, Liabilities,
     and Shareholders' Equity; Interest
     Rates and Interest Differential
     A. Average Balance Sheet                          51
     B. Net Interest Earnings Analysis                 51
     C. Rate/Volume Analysis                           52


 II. Investment Portfolio
     A. Book Value of Investment Securities      14, 15, and 56
     B. Maturities of Investment Securities         15 and 16
     C. Investment Securities Concentrations     Not applicable


III. Loan Portfolio
     A. Types of Loans                                 53
     B. Maturities and Sensitivity of
        Loans to Changes in Interest Rates       Follows this table
</TABLE>





                                      -17-
<PAGE>   18
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Page in the Corporation's
                                          1993 Annual Report to
     Guide 3 Disclosure                         Shareholders      
     ------------------                  -------------------------
<S>                                              <C>
     C. Risk Elements
        1. Nonaccrual, Past Due 90 Days
           or More, and Restructured Loans             54
        2. Potential Problem Loans                     44
        3. Foreign Outstandings                  Not significant
        4. Loan Concentrations                         --
     D. Other Interest-Bearing Assets            Not significant


 IV. Summary of Loan Loss Experience
     A. Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses          54
     B. Allocation of the Allowance for Loan
        Losses                                         53

  V. Deposits
     A. Average Balances                            51 and 52
     B. Maturities of Large Denomination
        Certificates of Deposit                  Follows this table
     C. Foreign Deposit Liability Disclosure     Not significant

 VI. Return on Equity and Assets
     A. Return on Assets                               35
     B. Return on Equity                               35
     C. Foreign Deposit Liability Disclosure     Not significant
     D. Equity to Assets Ratio                         35

VII. Short-Term Borrowings                             18
</TABLE>


The following table presents the maturities and sensitivities of the
Corporation's loans to changes in interest rates at December 31, 1993:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             Due       Due After One    Due After
                            Within      But Within        Five
                           One Year     Five Years        Years  
                           --------    -------------    ---------
                                  (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                        <C>           <C>            <C>
Commercial                 $410,209      $166,083       $ 90,320

Real Estate-Construction     66,318        11,726          4,927
                           --------      --------       --------

    Total                  $476,527      $177,809       $ 95,247
                           ========      ========       ========

Fixed Rate                               $107,564       $ 24,601
                                         ========       ========

Variable Rate                            $ 70,245       $ 70,646
                                         ========       ========

</TABLE>




                                      -18-
<PAGE>   19
The following table presents maturities of certificates of deposit of $100,000
and over and other time deposits of $100,000 and over:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             December 31,
                                                 1993    
                                             ------------
                                         (Dollars in thousands)
      <S>                                      <C>
      Under 3 Months                           $153,576

      3 to 6 Months                              85,835

      6 to 12 Months                             46,968

      Over 12 Months                             81,216
                                               --------

        Total                                  $367,595
                                               ========
</TABLE>





                                      -19-
<PAGE>   20
                 ITEM 1A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


     The following is a list of executive officers of the Corporation.
Information regarding the executive officers, their ages, their present
positions held with the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and their principal
occupations for the last five years are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Position of Executive Officers
       Name               with the Corporation and UPNB         Age
       ----               ------------------------------        ---
<S>                       <C>                                   <C>
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.  Chairman of the Board and             56
                          Chief Executive Officer of the
                          Corporation; Chairman of the Board
                          and Chief Executive Officer of UPNB

J. Armistead Smith        Vice Chairman of the Corporation      58

Jackson W. Moore          President of the Corporation          45

Jack W. Parker            Executive Vice President and          47
                          Chief Financial Officer of
                          the Corporation; Executive
                          Vice President and Chief
                          Financial Officer of UPNB

M. Kirk Walters           Senior Vice President, Treasurer,     53
                          and Chief Accounting Officer
                          of the Corporation; Senior Vice
                          President and Chief Accounting
                          Officer of UPNB

J. F. Springfield         Secretary and General Counsel of      64
                          the Corporation; Executive Vice
                          President, Secretary, and General
                          Counsel of UPNB

James A. Gurley           Executive Vice President of the       60
                          Corporation; Executive Vice
                          President of UPNB
</TABLE>

Mr. Rawlins has been Chairman of the Board of the Corporation and UPNB since
April, 1989 and January, 1986, respectively. He has also served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation and UPNB since September, 1984. Mr.
Rawlins was President of the Corporation from September, 1984 until he was
elected Chairman.

Mr. Smith has been Vice Chairman of the Corporation since 1989. Effective
March, 1994, Mr. Smith became Chairman of the East Tennessee Region of the
Corporation. He was President of the





                                      -20-
<PAGE>   21
Corporation's Community Bank Group from April of 1992 until February, 1994. Mr.
Smith was President of UPNB from 1988 to April, 1992. Prior to becoming a Vice
Chairman of the Corporation, Mr. Smith was an Executive Vice President of the
Corporation from 1987 until elected Vice Chairman. He was a Vice Chairman of
UPNB from 1985 until he was elected President.

Mr. Moore has been President of the Corporation since April, 1989.  Since 1977,
he had been a partner in the law firm of Wildman, Harrold, Allen, Dixon &
McDonnell (and its predecessor Canada, Russell & Turner), the Corporation's
outside legal counsel and had served on its Management Committee and as
Chairman of its Administrative Committee for five years. He is also Chairman of
PSB Bancshares, Inc. and is a Vice President and Director of its subsidiary,
The Peoples Savings Bank, located in Clanton, Alabama.  He has served on the
Boards of the Corporation and UPNB since 1986.

Mr. Parker has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Corporation since March, 1990. He has been an Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of UPNB since March, 1990. From 1987 until being
elected to these positions with the Corporation, he was an Executive Vice
President of UPNB and President of the Mortgage Banking Group of UPNB.

Mr. Walters was elected Senior Vice President of the Corporation in November,
1990 and has been Chief Accounting Officer since February, 1990. He has been
Treasurer of the Corporation since 1985. He was a Vice President of the
Corporation from 1975 until he was elected to his current position. Mr. Walters
has been an officer of UPNB for more than twenty years and is currently a
Senior Vice President.

Mr. Springfield has been Secretary and General Counsel of the Corporation and
Secretary and General Counsel of UPNB since December, 1985. He has been an
officer of UPNB for more than thirty-seven years, and is currently an Executive
Vice President.

Mr. Gurley was elected Executive Vice President of the Corporation in November,
1990. He was a Vice President of the Corporation from 1980 until he was elected
Executive Vice President. He has been an officer of UPNB for more than twenty
years and is currently an Executive Vice President.





                                      -21-
<PAGE>   22
                              ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Corporation's corporate headquarters are located in the company-owned
UPNB Administrative Center at 7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway, Memphis, Tennessee,
a two-building complex located near the center of Shelby County. In addition to
being the corporate headquarters, it contains approximately 250,000 square feet
of space and houses Retail Branch Administration, Bank Cards, Mortgage
Servicing and Origination, Funds Management, Data Processing, Operations,
Marketing, Human Resources, Financial, Legal, Insurance Services, and Community
Bank Group Administration.

     UPNB's headquarters is located in a 70,000 square foot company-owned
building in East Memphis. In addition to being its headquarters, the building
also houses UPNB's Commercial Group, Trust Group, Credit and Review, and
Brokerage Services.

     As of December 31, 1993, UPNB and other subsidiaries of the Corporation
operated 170 banking offices in Tennessee, 25 in Mississippi, 22 in Arkansas,
and 2 in Alabama. Of these, 150 are owned and 69 are leased by the
subsidiaries. The subsidiaries also operate 167 twenty-four hour automated
teller locations. The acquisitions completed subsequent to December 31, 1993
and through March 1, 1994 increased by 15 the number of banking offices to 234,
of which 10 were added in Tennessee and five in Kentucky.

There are no material encumbrances on any of the company-owned properties.





                                      -22-
<PAGE>   23
                           ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

       The Corporation and/or various subsidiaries are parties to various
pending civil actions, all of which are being defended vigorously. Management
is of the opinion that the Corporation has accrued liabilities sufficient to
cover the estimated costs associated with the ultimate resolution of all
pending matters, including those discussed below. While additional provisions
for litigation are possible, management is of the opinion, based on current
information, including evaluations of outside counsel, that no additional
provisions will be necessary for the foreseeable future. Any such additional
provisions would obviously impact earnings in the operating periods in which
such provisions were made. Nevertheless, management's view is that such
additional provisions, if any, would not materially affect the financial
condition of the Corporation. Various other legal proceedings against the
Corporation and its subsidiaries have arisen in the ordinary course of
business. Management is of the opinion that the Corporation's financial
position will not be materially affected by the ultimate resolution of these
other legal matters.

    UPNB and one of its officers are co-defendants in two civil actions seeking
$29 million (after trebling) filed on or about July 25, 1985 in the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri by the trustee for a
failed grocery and its shareholders purportedly predicated upon an August, 1981
$115,000 loan by the First National Bank of Gibson County, Tennessee, later
acquired by UPNB, to finance the shareholders' acquisition of the grocery
business from other defendants unrelated to UPNB. The actions allege that the
defendants subsequently conspired to defraud the plaintiffs of their rights in
the grocery. This matter has been dormant since UPNB filed a motion for summary
judgment in 1985.

    In 1988, the Corporation rescinded and terminated a purported agreement for
the acquisition of a Louisiana bank holding company, Great American Corporation
(GAC). The Corporation and a subsidiary were made parties to several civil
actions relating to the failed acquisition alleging damages estimated at $66
million and founded essentially upon theories that the Corporation had breached
the acquisition agreement and committed wrongful acts under state law and a
separate confidentiality agreement. In November, 1992, the Corporation
completed the negotiation and signing of definitive agreements for the
settlement of all the pending civil actions. A class consisting of all outside
GAC shareholders between January 22 and October 4, 1988 was certified for
purposes of consummating the settlement and the number of share owners excluded
from that class was immaterial. Early in the second quarter of 1993
consummation of the settlement of all pending civil actions involving the
Corporation and a subsidiary arising from the attempted acquisition





                                      -23-
<PAGE>   24
of GAC was effected. The costs of such settlement did not exceed amounts
previously reserved for such purpose.

     UPNB, a member of the MasterCard and VISA organizations, was a
co-defendant or cross-claim defendant in two related civil actions arising out
of its previous utilization of a third party, Electronic Transaction Network,
Inc.(E-Net), to solicit and assist in the administration of credit card
transaction processing  arrangements with several thousand consumer merchants
located throughout the United States. The plaintiff sought compensatory damages
said to exceed $10 million (trebled to exceed $30 million) and other relief
based on various alleged wrongdoing by UPNB and two co-defendants. During the
third quarter of 1993, a definitive agreement was entered into for the
settlement of all pending litigation against UPNB in connection with its former
relationship with E-Net, without the payment of any sum by UPNB.

       The Corporation's broker/dealer subsidiaries (now inactive) are among
the more than eighty defendants in various actions brought by purchasers of
$400 million in housing revenue bonds issued by the Health, Educational, and
Housing Facility Board of the City of Memphis, Tennessee and by purchasers of
bonds that were part of seven other taxable municipal issues. These actions
have been transferred to the United States District Court for the Eastern
District of Louisiana for pretrial proceedings captioned In Re: Taxable
Municipal Bond Securities Litigation, Multi-district Litigation ("MDL" 863).
Focusing upon the fact that the bond sale proceeds were initially invested and
remain in "guaranteed investment contracts" ("GICs") with Executive Life
Insurance Company ("ELIC"), whose own investments were allegedly concentrated
in so-called "junk bonds" of declining value, the lawsuits in MDL 863 allege
that the offering materials failed to make adequate disclosures and that the
bonds represented a scheme among the Executive Life organization, Drexel
Burnham Lambert, Inc., and the other defendants to raise money for "junk bond"
purchases, rather than for public purposes. ELIC is in conservatorship,
interest on the bonds is in default, and Drexel is in Chapter 11
reorganization. The complaint for the Memphis issue requests certification of a
plaintiff class including substantially all persons who purchased a Memphis
bond through April 9, 1990, either in the original $400 million Memphis bond
underwriting, in which a broker/dealer subsidiary of the Corporation
participated, or in the secondary market, wherein such subsidiary sold a total
of approximately $120 million par value in Memphis bonds. The class claims in
respect of the Memphis issue seek to impose joint and several liability upon,
among others, numerous defendants who participated in the underwriting,
including such subsidiary. In addition, a number of individual actions naming
the Corporation's broker/dealer subsidiaries have been brought by secondary
market purchasers. The class and individual plaintiffs predicate their claims
upon Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5
promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act, the





                                      -24-
<PAGE>   25
Investment Advisors Act, common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, gross
and ordinary negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, the Tennessee Securities
Act, and other laws. For relief, the various complaints seek a declaratory
judgment that the Memphis bonds were void from their inception, rescission of
all of plaintiffs' purchases, punitive damages, prejudgment interest, and other
relief.  While the actions originally included Investment Company Act,
Investment Advisers Act, and racketeering (RICO) claims, most of these have
been dismissed, and the current complaints do not assert any such claims
against the UPC parties.  On January 28, 1993, the California Supreme Court
declined to review a lower court ruling to the effect that claims to ELIC
assets by policyholders, annuitants, and holders of GICs are to be treated as
equal in priority in the distribution of such assets. The Corporation's
broker/dealer subsidiaries have joined in a common defense with other members
of the syndicate which underwrote the bonds which are the subject of the
litigation.

       On May 30, 1991, in an action originally filed by UPNB in the Circuit
Court of Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division, seeking to foreclose on a
single parcel of mortgaged residential property, the defendant debtors filed a
counterclaim against UPNB and the Corporation individually and on the purported
behalf of a requested class which would have consisted essentially of all
persons who had a mortgage loan serviced by UPNB at any time during the past 10
years.  The counterclaim alleged that UPNB, like other participants in the
mortgage loan industry, engaged in a regular practice of charging mortgage
debtors greater amounts to escrow for estimated property taxes and insurance
than is allowed by law and applicable loan agreements. The counterclaim sought
recovery of all excess charges and/or interest thereon, and other relief. The
class action aspects of this counterclaim have been dismissed, leaving only a
setoff claim by the defendant debtors with respect to the foreclosure. On
February 16, 1993, an action was filed in the Circuit Court of Choctaw County,
Alabama as an individual action and as a purported class action against UPNB
and UPC with theories of recovery and relief requested similar to the Illinois
counterclaim.

       On or about July 10, 1991, UPNB was joined with nine other banks as
defendants in a civil action in the Circuit Court of Shelby County, Tennessee.
The suit as originally filed alleges that the banks unlawfully conspired to fix
the charges for checks drawn on insufficient funds. The suit seeks compensatory
and punitive damages of $25 million against each defendant and certification of
a class of plaintiffs comprised of all depositors who have been charged the NSF
fees. The suit was amended on or about July 12, 1991, August 2, 1991 and again
on November 25, 1991 to add plaintiffs and to include claims of unfair and
deceptive trade practices, breach of contract, tortious conduct, violation of
provisions of the UCC, treble damages under the Tennessee Consumer Protection
Act, and usury. The amendments also broadened the class





                                      -25-
<PAGE>   26
and the claims to seek recovery for fees charged for deposited third-party
checks which were returned uncollected. In March, 1992 the state court
proceeding was dismissed; plaintiffs subsequently appealed the dismissal, and
on February 23, 1993, the Tennessee Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of
five of the six counts in the state court action but reversed the dismissal of
the count alleging violation of the contractual duty of good faith and fair
dealing, holding that the plaintiffs met bare minimum pleading requirements to
permit that claim to go forward. During the third quarter of 1993, class
certification was granted by the state court, with the plaintiff class
apparently consisting of all persons in the United States who, in the six years
prior to the filing of the complaint were charged the fees described above.
However, on December 17, 1993, the defendants' motion for summary judgment was
granted on the remaining breach of contract claim.  Plaintiffs have appealed
that ruling. Further, on May 22, 1992, substantially the same group of
plaintiffs filed a civil action in the U.S. District Court for the Western
District of Tennessee against UPNB and eight other banks, alleging violations
of the Sherman Act, the federal anti-trust statute prohibiting the fixing of
prices by competitors, as well as the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act. The
suit further requests certification of a similarly broad class, seeks
injunctive relief and damages for the class members in amounts, according to
the suit, "which are presently undetermined but believed to be more than $100
million."  The complaint also seeks treble damages and a jury trial. On March
19, 1993 the federal court granted defendants' motion to dismiss the Tennessee
Consumer Protection Act claim, but permitted the Sherman Act claim to remain at
that stage of the proceedings.  On September 15, 1993 the defendants filed a
motion for summary judgment seeking dismissal of the price fixing allegations
as well, and on March 11, 1994, the court granted that motion. Plaintiffs have
indicated they will appeal.

       Certain subsidiaries of the Corporation and UPNB were threatened in 1989
with a civil action by the FDIC for the estate of a closed savings association.
If filed, the action would reportedly seek compensatory damages of at least $37
million, and other relief including an injunction against transferring or
encumbering any assets until any judgments were paid, based upon allegations of
wrongdoing in the sale of covered call options to the closed savings
association. A tolling and forbearance agreement, entered into by all parties
to the threatened action in 1989, continues in effect. The Corporation has
furnished the FDIC with information assertedly demonstrating the lack of merit
in the threatened action and believes that such action, if nevertheless filed,
can be resolved without material loss.

       During 1993, agreements-in-principle and/or final settlements were
reached with plaintiffs to resolve a significant number of previously reported
legal claims, utilizing reserves previously





                                      -26-
<PAGE>   27
established in prior periods or otherwise having no material effect upon the
Corporation's financial position.


                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information required by Item 5 is included in the Corporation's 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders on page 57 under the heading Table 14, "Selected
Quarterly Data," which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The information required by Item 6 is included in the Corporation's 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders on page 35 under the heading "Selected Financial
Data," and which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
         CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The information required by Item 7 is included in the Corporation's 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders on pages 36-58 under the heading "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition," and
which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The information required by Item 8 is included in the Corporation's 1993
Annual Report to Shareholders on pages 4-34 and on page 57 under the heading
Table 14, "Selected Quarterly Data," and which is incorporated herein by
reference.


                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required by Item 10 as to the directors of the Corporation
is included on pages 3-5 and 15 of the definitive proxy statement of the
Corporation for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 28, 1994
(Proxy Statement) and which is incorporated herein by reference.

     The information concerning "Executive Officers of the Registrant" is
included in Part I (Item 1a) of this Form 10-K in accordance with Instruction 3
to paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K.





                                      -27-
<PAGE>   28
ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required by Item 11 as to compensation of directors and
executive officers is included on pages 5 and 6 and 7-14 of the Proxy
Statement which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
          MANAGEMENT

     The information required by Item 12 as to certain beneficial owners and
management is included on pages 2-5 of the Proxy Statement which is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required by Item 13 as to transactions and relationships
with certain directors and executive officers of the Corporation and their
associates is included on page 13 of the Proxy Statement which is incorporated
herein by reference.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) (1)       The following audited consolidated financial statements of Union
              Planters Corporation and Subsidiaries, included in the
              Corporation's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders, are
              incorporated herein by reference in Item 8:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Page in
                                                                      Annual Report 
                                                                      -------------
              <S>                                                         <C>
              Consolidated Balance Sheet - December 31,
              1993 and 1992                                                4

              Consolidated Statement of Earnings - Years
              ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991                      5

              Consolidated Statement of Changes in
              Shareholders' Equity - Years ended
              December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991                            6

              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows -
              Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991                7

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                   8

              Management's Responsibility for Financial
              Reporting                                                   34

</TABLE>




                                      -28-
<PAGE>   29
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Page in
                                                             Annual Report
                                                             -------------
              <S>                                                  <C>
              Report of Independent Accountants                    34
</TABLE>
(a) (2)       All schedules have been omitted since the required information is
              either not applicable, not deemed material, or is included in the
              respective consolidated financial statements or in the notes
              thereto.

(a) (3) Exhibits:

       The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index on pages i, ii, and iii,
following page 30 of this Form 10-K are filed herewith or are incorporated
herein by reference.

(b)    Reports on Form 8-K:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Date of Current Report                  Subject          
     ----------------------        ---------------------------
        <S>                        <C>
        October 14, 1993           Financial Statements of two
                                   entities being acquired

        October 21, 1993           Third Quarter Press Release announcing operating results
</TABLE>





                                      -29-
<PAGE>   30
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                                  (Registrant)


                         By:  /s/ Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.             
              ---------------------------------------------------
              Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr., Chairman of the Board and
                            Chief Executive Officer

   Date:  March 23, 1994

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 23rd of March, 1994


<TABLE>
<S>                                                     <C>
/s/Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                             /s/John W. Parker                                 
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                                John W. Parker
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer,         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
and Director                                            Officer


/s/J. Armistead Smith                                   /s/M. Kirk Walters                                
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
J. Armistead Smith                                      M. Kirk Walters
Vice Chairman and Director                              Senior Vice President, Treasurer, and Chief
                                                        Accounting Officer


/s/Jackson W. Moore                                     /s/R. Brad Martin                                 
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Jackson W. Moore                                        R. Brad Martin
President and Director                                  Director


/s/Albert M. Austin                                                                                       
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Albert M. Austin                                        Stanley D. Overton
Director                                                Director


/s/Marvin E. Bruce                                                                                        
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Marvin E. Bruce                                         C. Penn Owen, Jr.
Director                                                Director


                                                        /s/Dr. V. Lane Rawlins                            
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
George W. Bryan                                         Dr. V. Lane Rawlins
Director                                                Director


/s/Robert B. Colbert, Jr.                               /s/Donald F. Schuppe                              
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Robert B. Colbert, Jr.                                  Donald F. Schuppe
Director                                                Director

                                                        /s/Leslie M. Stratton, III                        
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Hanford F. Farrell, Jr.                                 Leslie M. Stratton, III
Director                                                Director


/s/Parnell S. Lewis, Jr.                                                                                  
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
Parnell S. Lewis, Jr.                                   Mike P. Sturdivant
Director                                                Director


/s/C. J. Lowrance, III                                                                                    
- ----------------------------------------------          --------------------------------------------------
C. J. Lowrance, III                                     Richard A. Trippeer, Jr.
Director                                                Director

</TABLE>




                                      -30-
<PAGE>   31
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


 3  (a)       Restated Charter of Incorporation, as amended December 17, 1992,
              of Union Planters Corporation (Filed herewith)

 3  (b)       Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended January 20, 1994, of
              Union Planters Corporation (Filed herewith)

 2            Amendment and Plan of Reorganization, along with the Plan of
              Merger annexed thereto as Exhibit A, dated as of January 27, 1994
              between Union Planters Corporation and BFC Acquisition Company,
              Inc. and BANCFIRST Corporation and BANKFIRST, a federal savings
              bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Union Planters
              Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 8, 1994
              filed on February 18, 1994).

 4  (a)       Rights Agreement, dated January 19, 1989 between Union Planters
              Corporation and Union Planters National Bank, including Form of
              Rights Certificate (Exhibit A), and a Form Summary of Rights
              (Exhibit B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Union
              Planters Corporation's Current Report dated as of January 19,
              1989 on Form 8-K filed February 1, 1989 Commission File No.
              0-6919)

 4  (b)       Indenture dated April 1, 1989 between Union Planters Corporation
              and LaSalle National Bank for $34,500,000 of 10 1/8% Subordinated
              Capital Debentures due 1999 *

 4  (c)       Indenture dated October 1, 1992 between Union Planters
              Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago (Trustee) for
              $40,250,000 of 8 1/2% Subordinated Notes due 2002 ***

 4  (d)       Subordinated Indenture dated October 15, 1993 between Union
              Planters Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago for
              $75,000,000 of 6.25% Subordinated Notes due 2003 ****

10  (a)       Employment Agreement between Union Planters Corporation and
              Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
              10(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10  (b)       Employment Agreement between Union Planters Corporation and J.
              Armistead Smith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to
              the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)



                                      -i-
<PAGE>   32
10  (c)       Employment Agreement between Union Planters Corporation and
              Jackson W. Moore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to
              the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10  (d)       Deferred Compensation Agreements between Union Planters
              Corporation and certain highly compensated officers (incorporated
              by reference to Exhibit 10 (g) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
              dated December 31, 1989)

10  (e)       Union Planters Corporation 1983 Stock Incentive Plan **

10  (f) (1)   Amended Union Planters Corporation 1983 Stock Incentive 
              Plan *****

10  (g)       Union Planters Corporation 1992 Stock Incentive Plan
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Annual Report
              on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10  (h)       Deferred Compensation Agreements between Union Planters
              Corporation and Union Planters National Bank and certain outside
              directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the
              Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1989)

10  (i)       Executive Deferred Compensation Agreement between Union Planters
              Corporation and certain highly compensated officers (Incorporated
              by reference to Exhibit 10 (n) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
              dated December 31, 1989)

10  (j)       "Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor" between
              Union Planters National Bank and Martin, Cole, Dando, and
              Robertson, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to
              the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10  (k)       "Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Architect" between
              Union Planters National Bank and Hnedak Bobo Group, P.C.
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(k) to the Annual Report
              on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

11            Computation of Per Share Earnings (Filed herewith)

13            Annual Report to Security Holders (Filed herewith)

21            Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herewith)

23            Consent of Price Waterhouse (Filed herewith)




                                       ii
<PAGE>   33
      *    Incorporated by reference to exhibit number 4 filed as part of
           Registration Statement No. 33-27784
        
     **    Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10 (1) filed as  part of
           Registration Statement 2-97661
        
    ***    Incorporated by reference to exhibit number 4 filed as part of
           Registration Statement No. 33-52434
        
   ****    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit Number 4(d) filed as part of
           Registration Statement No. 33-50655
        
  *****    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit Number 4 filed as part of
           Registration Statement No. 33-23306
        




                                     -iii-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(A)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS RESTATED CHARTER OF INC.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                RESTATED CHARTER

                                       OF

                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION

                           __________________________


FIRST:  CORPORATE NAME:

         The name of the Corporation is:

                     * * * UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION * * *

         (hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Corporation").

SECOND:  DURATION:

         The duration of the Corporation is perpetual.

THIRD:  PRINCIPAL OFFICE:

         The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of
Tennessee shall be 7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway, in the City of Cordova, County
of Shelby.  The registered agent is George V. Kinney, Cashier, 7130 Goodlett
Farms Parkway, Cordova, Shelby County, Tennessee  38018.

FOURTH:  TYPE OF CORPORATION:

         The corporation is for profit.

FIFTH:  CORPORATE PURPOSES:

         Subject to any limitations which may be imposed upon its activities by
applicable law, the Corporation is formed to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act.  Specifically, but not by way of limitation, the Corporation
is formed for the following purposes:

         (a)  To acquire by purchase; by subscription; by exchange; in exchange
for its Common Stock, Preferred Stock, bonds, debentures or other obligations;
or to acquire in any other manner; or to organize de novo; and to take,
receive, hold, own, sell, assign, transfer, exchange, pledge, hypothecate,
dispose of or otherwise deal with any interest in any business whether or not
represented by shares of stock, shares, bonds, debentures, notes, participation
certificates, warrants, rights, options, and without limitation any securities
or instruments evidencing rights or options to receive, purchase or subscribe
for any interest in any business (wherever located or organized) or any
securities, whether issued by or created by any person, firm, association,
corporation, national banking association, state-chartered bank, trust company,
savings bank, business trust, syndicate, limited partnership, organization, or
by any other entity; and to possess and exercise in respect thereof any and all
of the rights, powers and privileges of owners or holders who are natural
persons including, without limitation, the exercise of any voting rights
pertaining thereto;

         (b)  To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, tangible or
intangible, whether real, personal or mixed and wherever located and to
receive, hold, manage, use, dispose of and otherwise exercise all rights,
powers and privileges of ownership thereof;

         (c)  To promote, finance, advise, counsel and assist in any way, any
person or any business entity in which the Corporation shall have any interest
of any kind;

         (d)  To do all things necessary or desirable to enhance the value of
or to protect or preserve the interest of the Corporation in any business
entity, securities or other property of any type which it may own or in which
it may have any interest of any kind; and

         (e)  To render assistance, counsel and advice to any person or entity
and to serve or represent the same in any capacity whatsoever, whether or not
the Corporation shall have any ownership interest in such person or entity.

SIXTH:  CAPITAL STOCK:

         The total number of shares of all classes of stock to which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is sixty million (60,000,000) shares,
which shall be divided into two classes as follows:  ten million (10,000,000)
shares of Preferred Stock without par value (Preferred Stock) and fifty million
(50,000,000) shares of Common Stock of the par value of $5.00 per share (Common
Stock).  The designations, voting powers, preferences and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations
or restrictions of the above classes of stock and other general provisions
relating thereto shall be as follows:

PREFERRED STOCK

         (a)  Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series at
such time or times and for such consideration or considerations as the Board of
Directors may determine.  All shares of any


<PAGE>   2
one series shall be of equal rank and identical in all respects except the
dates from which dividends accrue or accumulate with respect thereto may vary.

         (b)  The Board of Directors is expressly authorized at any time, and
from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in
one or more series, with such voting powers, full or limited, but not to exceed
one vote per share, or without voting powers and with such designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and
expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance thereof
adopted by the Board of Directors, and as are not stated and expressed in this
Charter, or any Amendment thereto, including, (but without limiting the
generality of the foregoing) the following:

                 (1)  The distinctive designation and number of shares
comprising such series, which number may (except where otherwise provided by
the Board of Directors in creating such series) be increased or decreased (but
not below the number of shares then outstanding) from time to time by action of
the Board of Directors;

                 (2)  The dividend rate or rates on the shares of such series
and the relation which such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on
any other class or classes of capital stock; the terms and conditions upon
which and the periods in respect of which dividends shall be payable; whether
and upon what conditions such dividends shall be cumulative, non-cumulative or
partially cumulative and, if cumulative or partially cumulative, the date or
dates from which dividends shall accumulate;

                 (3)  Whether the shares of such series shall be callable or
redeemable, the limitations and restrictions with respect to such call or
redemption, the time or times when, the price or prices at which, and the
manner in which such shares shall be callable or redeemable, including the
manner of selecting shares of such series for call or redemption if less than
all shares are to be called or redeemed;

                 (4)  The amount payable upon shares of such series upon the
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or
winding up of the Corporation;

                 (5)  Whether the shares of such series shall be subject to the
operation of a purchase, retirement or sinking fund, and, if so, whether and
upon what conditions such purchase, retirement sinking fund shall be
cumulative, partially cumulative or non-cumulative, the extent to which and the
manner in which such fund shall be applied to the purchase, call or redemption
of the shares or such series for retirement or to other corporate purposes and
the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;

                 (6)  Whether the shares of such series shall be convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes or of any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation, and, if so
convertible or exchangeable, the price or prices or the rate or rates of
conversion or exchange, and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any
other terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange, provided, however,
that no shares of any such series shall be convertible into shares of any other
class or series having prior or superior rights and preferences as to dividends
or distributions of assets upon liquidation, and provided further that shares
without par value shall not be convertible into shares with par value unless
that part of the stated capital of the Corporation represented by such shares
without par value is, at the time of conversion, at least equal to the
aggregate par value of the shares into which the shares without par value are
to be converted;

                 (7)  The voting powers, full and/or limited, if any, of the
shares of such series; and whether and under what conditions the shares of such
series (alone or together with the shares of one or more other series having
similar provisions) shall be entitled to vote separately as a single class, for
the election of one or more additional directors of the Corporation in case of
dividend arrearage or other specified events, or upon other specified matters;

                 (8)  Whether the issuance of any additional shares of such
series, or of any shares of any other series, shall be subject to restrictions
as to issuance, or as to the powers, preferences or rights of any such other
series; and

                 (9)  Any other preferences, privileges and powers, and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such series, as the Board of Directors may deem
advisable and as shall be consistent with the provisions of the laws of the
State of Tennessee and of this Charter.

         (c)  No dividends shall be paid or declared or set apart on any
particular series of Preferred Stock in respect of any period unless
accumulated dividends shall be or shall have been paid, or declared and set
apart for payment, pro rata on all shares of Preferred Stock at the time
outstanding of each other series, so that the amount of dividends declared on
such particular series shall bear the same ratio to the amount declared on each
such other series as the dividend rate of such particular series shall bear to
the dividend rate of such other series.

         (d)  Unless and except to the extent otherwise required by law or
provided in the resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors creating
any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this ARTICLE SIXTH, the holders of
the Preferred Stock shall have no voting power with respect to any matter
whatsoever.





                  Page 2 of Union Planters Corporation Charter



<PAGE>   3
         (e)  Shares of Preferred Stock called, redeemed, converted, exchanged,
purchased, retired or surrendered to the Corporation, or which have been issued
and reacquired in any manner, shall, upon compliance with any applicable
provisions of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, have the status of
authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued by the
Board of Directors as part of the series of which they were originally a part
or may be reclassified into and reissued as part of a new series or as a part
of any other series, all subject to the protective conditions or restrictions
of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock.

SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK

         (f)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors in
accordance with the provisions of this ARTICLE SIXTH of the Charter, the Board
of Directors does hereby create, authorize and provide for the issuance of
Series A Preferred Stock out of the class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the voting powers,
designation, relative, participating, optional and other special rights,
preferences, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof that are
set forth as follows:

                 (1)  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series shall
be designated as Series A Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock") and the
number of shares constituting such series shall be 250,000.  Such number of
shares may be adjusted by appropriate action of the Board of Directors.

                 (2)  Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)  Subject to the prior and superior rights of the
holders of any shares of any other series of Preferred Stock or any other
shares of preferred stock of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, each holder of
one one-hundredth (1/100) of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, (i) dividends
payable in cash on the 1st day of January, April, July and October in each year
(each such date being a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of such Unit of
Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount per Unit (rounded to the nearest cent)
equal to the greater of (x) $.01 or (y) subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends
declared on shares of the common stock of the Corporation, par value $5.00 per
share, (the "Common Stock") since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
since the first issuance of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii)
subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, quarterly
distributions (payable in kind) on each Quarterly Dividend Payment Date in an
amount per Unit equal to the aggregate per share amount of all non-cash
dividends or other distributions (other than a dividend payable in shares of
Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding share of Common Stock, by
reclassification or otherwise) declared on shares of Common Stock since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of a Unit of
Series A Preferred Stock.  In the event that the Corporation shall at any time
after January 19, 1989 (the "Rights Declaration Date") (i) declare or pay any
dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common
Stock, or (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in
each such case the amount to which the holder of a Unit of Series A Preferred
Stock was entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount of a fraction the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that are
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be
the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

                          (b)  The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on Units of Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (a)
above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the shares of
Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock);
provided, however that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have
been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend payment Date,
a dividend of $.01 per Unit on the Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless
be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                          (c)  Dividends shall begin to accrue and shall be
cumulative on each outstanding Unit of Series A Preferred Stock from the
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issuance of such
Unit of Series A Preferred Stock, unless the date of issuance of such Unit is
prior to the record date for the First Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
which case, dividends on such Unit shall begin to accrue from the date of
issuance of such Unit, or unless the date of issuance is a Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of
holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly
dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which
events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear
interest.  Dividends paid on Units of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount
less than the aggregate amount of all such dividends at the time accrued and
payable on such Units shall be allocated pro rata on a unit-by-unit basis
amount all Units of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding.  The
Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of
Units of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or
distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than 30 days
prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.





                  Page 3 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   4
                 (3)  Voting Rights.  The holders of Units of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights.

                          (a)  Subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, each Unit of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders of the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding
shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide
outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number
of votes per Unit to which holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock were
entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such
number by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding
immediately prior to such event.

                          (b)  Except as otherwise provided herein or by law,
the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of
Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a
vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

                          (c)   Except as set forth herein or required by
law, holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting
rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are
entitled to vote with holders of shares of Common Stock as set forth herein)
for the taking of any corporate action.

                 (4)  Certain Restrictions.

                          (a)   Whenever quarterly dividends or other
dividends or distributions payable on Units of Series A Preferred Stock as
provided in paragraph 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and
unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on outstanding
Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been paid (or set aside for
payment) in full, the Corporation shall not:

                                  (i)  declare or pay dividends on, make any
other distributions or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any shares of stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock;

                                  (ii) declare or pay dividends on or make
any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity as to
dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, except for dividends paid ratably
on Units of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of all such parity stock on
which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to
which the holders of such Units and all such shares are then entitled;

                                  (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire
for consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A
Preferred Stock, provided, however, that the Corporation may at any time
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in
exchange for shares of any stock ranking junior (both as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; or

                                  (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any Units of Series A Preferred Stock, except in accordance with
a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board
of Directors) to all holders of such Units.

                          (b)  The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary
of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under
paragraph (a) of this paragraph 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at
such time and in such manner.

                 (5)  Reacquired Shares.  Any Units of Series A Preferred Stock
purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever
shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof.  All such
Units shall, upon their cancellation, become authorized but unissued Units of
Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock
to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject
to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

                 (6)  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

                          (a)  Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made (i)
to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock
unless the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received,
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided in paragraph (b), the greater of
either (y) $90.00 per Unit plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends
and distributions thereon, whether or not earned or declared, to the date of
such payment, or (z) the amount equal to the aggregate per share amount to be
distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (ii) to the holders of
shares of stock ranking on a parity upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up
with the Series A Preferred Stock, unless simultaneously therewith
distributions are made ratably on Units of Series A Preferred Stock and all
other shares of such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which
the holders





                  Page 4 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   5
of Units of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled under Clause (i)(y) of this
sentence and to which the holders of such shares of such parity stock are
entitled, in each case upon such liquidation dissolution or winding up.

                          (b)  in the event the Corporation shall at any time
after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding
shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide
outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the
aggregate amount to which holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock were
entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to clause (i)(z) of paragraph
(1) of this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

                 (7)  Share Exchange, Merger, Etc.  In case the Corporation
shall enter into any share exchange, merger, combination or other transaction
in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or converted into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case
Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged
for or converted into an amount per Unit (subject to the provision for
adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to the aggregate amount of stock,
securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is converted or
exchanged.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of
Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or conversion of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

                 (8)  Redemption.  The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall
not be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or any holder thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Units of Series A Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law
and the Charter or Bylaws of the Corporation.

                 (9)  Ranking.  The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall
rank junior to all other series of the Preferred Stock and to any other class
of preferred stock that hereafter may be issued by the Corporation as to the
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any
such series or class shall provide otherwise.

                 (10)  Amendment.  The Charter, including without limitation
the provisions hereof, shall not hereafter be amended, either directly or
indirectly, or through merger or share exchange with another corporation, in
any manner that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect the holders thereof adversely
without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the
outstanding Units of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

                 (11)  Fractional Shares.  The Series A Preferred Stock may be
issued in Units or other fractions of a share, which Units or fractions shall
entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to
exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to
have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock.

SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

         (g)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors in
accordance with the provisions of this Article VI of the Charter, the Board of
Directors of Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value
(the "Preferred Stock"), having the voting powers, designations, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof that are set forth as follows:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as Series B $8.00 Nonredeemable Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock") and the number of shares
constituting such series shall be 44,000.  Such number of shares may be
adjusted by appropriate action of this Board of Directors.

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)     Subject to the prior and superior rights of
the holders of any shares of any other series of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock,
in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock"), and any other capital stock of the
Corporation ("Capital Stock") ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as
to the payment of dividends, shall be entitled to receive as and if declared by
the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose,
cumulative cash dividends at, but not exceeding, $8.00 per share per annum and
no more.





                  Page 5 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   6
                          (b)     Dividends upon shares of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be cumulative so that if in respect of any past quarterly dividend
period or periods, full dividends accrued on the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall not have been paid, the aggregate deficiency shall be
fully paid or declared or set aside for payment before (i) any dividend shall
be declared and paid or set aside for payment on UPC Common Stock, or any other
Capital Stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to the payment
of dividends, (ii) any other distribution of assets shall be made with respect
to UPC Common Stock or any other Capital Stock ranking junior to the Series B
Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends, and (iii) the redemption or
purchase of any shares of Series B Preferred Stock, UPC Common Stock, or any
other Capital Stock ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series B
Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends by the Corporation.

                          (c)     Cash dividends on the Series B Preferred
Stock shall commence to accrue and shall be cumulative from the Effective Date
of the Merger between Union Planters - Steiner Acquisition Company and Steiner
Holdings pursuant to that Merger Agreement dated June 9, 1989 between UPC,
Subsidiary, Steiner Bank, Arnold Steiner and Mary Steiner (the "Merger
Agreement"); and, otherwise, from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date on which
cash dividends were paid on Series B Preferred Stock (in respect of a dividend
on Series B Preferred Stock) next preceding the date of issuance of such shares
of Series B Preferred Stock.

                          (d)     Cash dividends on shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be payable quarterly on the third Friday of February,
May, August and November (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date") and will have
the same record date for the payment of dividends as the record date for
payment of dividends on UPC Common Stock, and, if there is no record date for
the payment of dividends on UPC Common Stock, then the record date for the
payment of dividends of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be that date which
is 15 days prior to a given Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  No holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe for
any part of the unissued Series B Preferred Stock, UPC Common Stock, or Capital
Stock, or to purchase or subscribe for any bonds, certificates of indebtedness,
debentures, or other securities convertible into or carrying options, warrants
or rights to purchase stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to
purchase or subscribe for any stock or any securities of the Corporation
purchased by the Corporation or by its nominee or nominees, or to have any
other preemptive rights now or hereafter defined by the laws of the State of
Tennessee; provided, however, that this section shall not be deemed to prohibit
the exercise by the holders of UPC Series B Preferred Stock of Rights issued
pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights Agreement.

                 4.       Liquidation.  (a)  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts, but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock, or any
other Capital Stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series B Preferred
Stock as to liquidation, out of assets of the Corporation available for
distributions to its stockholders, $100 per share, plus, in each case, accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon to the date of payment thereof.  After such
payment has been made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock (or funds necessary for the payment have been set
aside in trust for the account of such holders so as to be and continue to be
available therefor), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to no further distribution, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall
be divided and distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to
any prior rights of any holders of any other Capital Stock of the Corporation
entitled to participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of
assets) then outstanding according to their respective shares.  If on
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the net assets of the Corporation
available for distribution among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are
insufficient to permit full payment to them, the entire net assets of the
Corporation so available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of any other Capital
Stock ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to liquidation
and distribution of assets.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to
prohibit the retirement of Series B Preferred Stock by purchase, and neither
the purchase of Series B Preferred Stock, the consolidation or merger of the
Corporation, nor the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation as an entirety shall be deemed a "liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation" within the meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right to Vote.  Except to the extent that the power
or right to vote is granted or required pursuant to the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, as amended from time to time, the Series B Preferred Stock
shall have no power or right to vote.

                 6.       Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock.  The holders
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have the right, at their option,
any time after that date which is five (5) years after the Effective Date of
the Merger, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)     Except as provided in subsection (c) of this
Section 6, each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible into
that number of shares of UPC Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the
product of the multiplication of the number of Series B Preferred Shares issued
in the Merger by $100, by (ii) $12.95, then dividing that number by the number
of Series B Preferred Shares issued in the Merger (the "Conversion Ratio").





                  Page 6 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   7
                          (b)     Except as provided in subsection (c) of this
Section 6, the estate of Arnold Steiner and the trustees of the trusts which
receive assets of the Estate of Bernard S. Steiner, Jr. pursuant to the
provisions of the last will and testament of Bernard S. Steiner, Jr., and which
shall have received Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Merger and such
last will and testament, shall have the right to convert the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock they own in accordance with the Conversion Ratio within five
(5) years from the Effective Date of the Merger, (i) as to the estate of Arnold
Steiner, upon the death of Arnold Steiner, and as to each such trust, upon the
death(s) of the oldest permissible income beneficiary of that particular trust;
(ii) should there be a change in control (as defined in Section 2(a) of the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, 12 U.S.C. Section 1841(a) of UPC;
and (iii) should UPC issue any other preferred stock having priority as to the
payment of dividends or as to liquidation preference over that of the Series B
Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     If any Series B Preferred Stock shall be
converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock into which
such Series B Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or attributable
thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights Agreement, the
surrender of such Series B Preferred Stock shall effectively cancel all Rights
attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series B Preferred Stock so
converted.

                          (d)     If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation shall (i) declare and pay, on or in respect of, UPC Common Stock
any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock by combining such shares into
a smaller number of shares, or subdivide the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (e)     If the Corporation consolidates with or
merges into any corporation or reclassifies outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares) each
share of Series B Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series B Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series B Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification; and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.

                          (f)     Whenever the Conversion Ratio is required to
be adjusted, as herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the
transfer agent for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each
holder of record of Series B Preferred Stock a statement signed by the
President or a Vice President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth
the adjusted Conversion Ratio, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustment.

                          (g)     On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of Series B
Preferred Stock or the certificates of Series B Preferred Stock so to be
converted, duly endorsed for transfer, the holder of such Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled, subject to the limitations herein contained, to
receive in exchange therefor a certificate or certificates for fully paid and
nonassessable shares, and cash for fractional shares of UPC Common Stock or
other securities pursuant to subsection (e) above, on the basis aforesaid.  The
Series B Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been converted and the person
converting the same to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock,
for the purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatever as
of the date when the certificate or certificates for such Series B Preferred
Stock are surrendered to the Corporation as aforesaid.  The Corporation shall
not be required to make any such conversion, and no surrender of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be effective for such purposes, while the books for the
transfer of either class of stock are closed for any purpose, but the surrender
of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock for conversion during any period
while such books are closed shall become effective for all purposes of
conversion immediately upon the reopening of such books, as if the conversion
had been made on the date such shares of Series B Preferred Stock were
surrendered.

                          (h)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion or issuance of UPC Common Stock
shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax, or has established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer agent, if any, that such tax
has been paid or is not required.  Upon any conversion of Series B Preferred
Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or allowance shall be made for
dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock so converted, and all rights to
dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed satisfied; however, except as
provided in the next sentence hereof, nothing in this section shall be deemed
to relieve the Corporation from its obligation to pay any dividends which shall
have been declared and shall be payable to holders of Series B Preferred Stock
of record





                  Page 7 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   8
as of a date prior to such conversion even though the payment date for such
dividend is subsequent to the date of conversion.

                 7.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding, reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock, solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock,
such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time, be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series B
Preferred Stock as herein provided.

                 8.       Definitions.  For purposes hereof:

                          (a)     The term "outstanding", when used in reference
to shares of stock, shall mean issued shares, excluding shares held by the
Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, and shares called for redemption, funds
for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by the Corporation or
deposited in trust;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series B Preferred Stock as of any quarterly dividend date shall be
deemed to be the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and
including such quarterly dividend date, whether or not earned or declared, and
the amount of dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series B Preferred Stock as
at any date other than a quarterly dividend date shall be deemed to be (i) the
amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last
preceding quarterly dividend date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii)
an amount calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the
shares of Series B Preferred Stock (8%) for the period after such last
preceding quarterly dividend date to and including the date as of which the
calculation is made, based on a 360-day year or 12 consecutive 30-day months.

                 9.       Redemption.  The shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall not be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or any holder thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Series B Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law and its
Charter or Bylaws.

                 10.      Ranking.  The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank
superior to that of the Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock as well as to
all other series of the Corporation's preferred stock, unless the designation
of rights and preferences for any other series of the Corporation's preferred
stock expressly provides otherwise.

                 11.      Amendment.  The Charter, including without
limitations the provisions hereof, shall not hereafter be amended, either
directly or indirectly, or through merger or share exchange with another
corporation, in any manner that would alter or change the powers, preferences
or special rights of the Series B Preferred Stock so as to affect the holders
thereof adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or
more of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately
as a class; provided, however, that this paragraph shall have no affect on the
ability of the Corporation to amend the Rights Agreement or redeem the UPC
Preferred Share Purchase Rights in accordance therewith.

                 12.      Fractional Shares.  The Series B Preferred Shares may
be issued in units or other fractions of a share, which units or fractions
shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to
exercise such rights, receive dividends, and participate in all distributions
and derive the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series B Preferred
Stock.

SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

         (h)     Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of the Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of no par value
preferred stock (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as 10 3/8% Increasing Rate, Redeemable, Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series C (the "Series C Preferred Stock") and the number of
shares of Preferred Stock constituting such Series C Preferred Stock shall be
690,000.  Such number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be adjusted
hereafter by appropriate action of the Board of Directors.  The Series C
Preferred Stock shall have a stated value (the "Stated Value") of $25.00 per
share.

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)     The holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be entitled to receive when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the
purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate per share set
forth in





                  Page 8 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   9
paragraph 2(c) below, on the fifteenth day (or, if such fifteenth day is not a
Business Day, on the next Business Day) of February, May, August and November
in each year (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), in respect of the Quarterly
Dividend Period next preceding such fifteenth day, and no other dividend or
dividends.  Such dividends shall be payable to holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock on such date as is not more than 30 nor less than 10 days prior
to the particular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  As used herein, a
"Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of three months ending on the last
day of January, April, July or October.  Subject to the provisions of paragraph
(c) of Section Sixth of the Charter, dividends on account of arrears for any
past Quarterly Dividend Period(s) may be declared and paid at any time, without
reference to any regular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date to holders of record
on such date not exceeding 30 or less than 10 days preceding the payment date
thereof as may be fixed by the Board of Directors.  The amount of dividend per
share payable for any Quarterly Dividend Period less than a full Quarterly
Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed in the period for which
payable.

                          (b)     Preferred dividends upon shares of Series 
C Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from (but not
including) the day upon which the initial issuance of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock occurs.

                          (c)     For each Quarterly Dividend Period ending on
or before October 31, 1994, preferred dividends payable with respect to each
such Quarterly Dividend Period shall be $0.648438 per share.  For each
Quarterly Dividend Period ending after November 1, 1994 and on or before
October 31, 1995, preferred dividends payable with respect to each such
Quarterly Dividend Period shall be $0.679688 per share.  For each Quarterly
Dividend Period ending after November 1, 1995, and on or before October 31,
1996, preferred dividends payable with respect to each such Quarterly Dividend
Period shall be $0.710938 per share.  For each Quarterly Dividend Period ending
after November 1, 1996, preferred dividends payable with respect to such
Quarterly Dividend Periods shall be $0.742188 per share.  No interest, or sum
of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend
payment or payments which may be in arrears.

                          (d)     For purposes hereof, "Business Day" shall 
mean any day upon which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking business.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  Holders of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe
for any part of the unissued Series C Preferred Stock, any UPC Common Stock, or
any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities
convertible into or carrying options, warrants or rights to purchase any stock
or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the Corporation or by
its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive rights now or
hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts, but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $25.00 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
initial issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for the payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and continue to be available therefor), the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any prior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series C Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the
respective amounts which would be payable on such shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and on any such other Preferred Stock if all amounts payable thereon were
paid in full.  Neither the consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or
into any other corporation or corporations, nor a reorganization of the
Corporation alone, nor the sale or transfer by the Corporation of all or
substantially all of its assets shall be deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation" within the meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right to Vote.

                          (a)     Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series C Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights.





                  Page 9 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   10
                          (b)     So long as any shares of the Series C
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least
two-thirds (2/3ds) of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding at the
time (voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred
Stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock
either as to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have
been conferred and are exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in
writing or at any special or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be
necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following:

                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock having rights,
preferences or privileges prior to the Series C Preferred Stock, or any
increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or series having
rights, preferences or privileges prior to the Series C Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)     the amendment, alteration or repeal,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the
Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any right,
preference, privilege or voting power of the Series C Preferred Stock or of the
holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and
adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers.

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and funds
shall have been deposited in trust in an amount sufficient to effect such
redemption.

                 6.       Redemption.

                          (a)  The shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors and with the prior written consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after October 31, 1994 at $25.00 per share, plus
all dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series C Preferred Stock from (but not
including) the day of issuance up to the day fixed for redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Series C Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law and its
Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)  In the event that less than the entire amount of
the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.  Notice of any redemption
shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 30
nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, to each holder of record of
the shares selected for redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the
same shall appear on the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice
shall state: (1) the redemption date; (2) the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such
holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such
holder; (3) the redemption price and the manner in which the redemption price
is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or places where certificates for
such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (5)
that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such
redemption date.  No failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in
the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings for
redemption.  Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the holder
receives the notice.  Upon such redemption date, or upon such earlier date as
the Board of Directors shall designate for payment of the redemption price
(unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of the redemption price as
set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
selected for redemption and to whom notice has been duly given shall cease to
be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
shall have no interest in or claim against the Corporation by virtue thereof
and shall have no dividend, voting or other rights with respect to such shares
except the right to receive the moneys payable upon such redemption from the
Corporation or otherwise, without interest thereon, upon surrender (and
endorsement, if required by the Corporation) of the certificates, and the
shares evidenced and represented thereby shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide funds for redemption
shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the redemption date, the Corporation
shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the
Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis, Tennessee and having a
capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any other such bank or
trust company located in the continental United States as may be designated
from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for such redemption, in
trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be applied to the
redemption of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption.
Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the Corporation from time
to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end of six years from
such redemption date shall be repaid or released to the Corporation, after
which the holder or holders of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock so
called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the
redemption price.  Upon redemption of Series C Preferred Stock in the manner
set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series C Preferred Stock by the
Corporation, the Series C Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation shall
be retired and





                 Page 10 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   11
canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares
of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and may thereafter be
issued, but not as shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.

                          (a)     Any class or series of stock of the 
Corporation shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "prior to" the Series C Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series C
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series C Preferred Stock.

                          (b)     The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with both the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock and the Series A
Preferred Stock, if and when such Series A Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issue of debt obligations, whether or not
subordinated, without the approval of the shareholders.

                 9.       Conversion or Exchange.  The holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall not have any rights herein to convert such shares into,
or exchange such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt
security) of the Corporation.

SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

         (i)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of its Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
having no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as the: 9.5% REDEEMABLE, CUMULATIVE, CONVERTIBLE, PREFERRED
STOCK, SERIES D (the "Series D Preferred Stock") and the number of shares of
Preferred Stock constituting such Series D Preferred Stock shall be 253,659.
Such number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock may be adjusted hereafter by
appropriate action of the Board of Directors.  The Series D Preferred Stock
shall have a stated value of $20.50 per share (the "Stated Value").

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.  (a)  The holders of
shares of Series D Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00
par value common stock of the Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be
entitled to receive when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of
funds legally available for the purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable
quarterly at the annual rate of 9.5% of the Stated Value thereof on the
fifteenth day (or, if such fifteenth day should not be a Business Day, on the
next Business Day) of February, May, August and November in each year (a
"Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), in respect of the Quarterly Dividend Period
next preceding such fifteenth day, and no other dividend or dividends.  Such
dividends shall be payable to holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock
on such date as may be fixed by the Board of Directors which date shall not be
more than 30 nor less than 10 days prior to the applicable Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date.  As used herein, a "Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of
three calendar months ending on the last day of January, April, July and
October.  Subject to the provisions of paragraph (c) of Article Sixth of the
Charter, dividends on account of arrears for any past Quarterly Dividend
Period(s) may be declared and paid at any time designated by the Board of
Directors, without reference to any regular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, to
holders of record on such date as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, which
date shall not be more than 30 nor less than 10 days preceding the designated
payment date.  The amount of dividend per share payable for any Quarterly
Dividend Period less than a full Quarterly Dividend Period shall be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months and the actual number of
days elapsed in the period with respect to which it is payable.

                          (b)     Preferred dividends upon shares of Series D
Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from the day upon
which the original issuance of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall occur
which shall be deemed to be the effective date of the merger of Southeastern
Bancshares, Inc. with and into Union Planters - SBI Acquisition Company, both
of which are Tennessee corporations.





                 Page 11 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   12
                          (c)     No interest, or sum of money in lieu of
interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which
may be in arrears.

                          (d)     For purposes hereof, a "Business Day" shall 
mean any day on which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking businesses.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  The holders of shares of
Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or
subscribe for any part of the unissued Series D Preferred Stock, any UPC Common
Stock, or any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or
subscribe for any bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other
securities convertible into, or carrying options, warrants or rights to
purchase, any stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or
subscribe for any stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the
Corporation or by its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive
rights now or hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series D Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $20.50 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
original issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for such payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and to continue to be available therefor),
the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any senior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series D Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series D Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the
Series D Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts
which would be payable on such shares of Series D Preferred Stock and on any
such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred
Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  Neither the
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation
or corporations, nor a reorganization of the Corporation alone, nor the sale or
transfer by the Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets shall be
deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation" within the
meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right of Holders of Series D Shares to Vote.

                          (a)     Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series D Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights except for those which may be required by the laws of the
State of Tennessee.

                          (b)     So long as any shares of Series D Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least two-thirds
(2/3ds) of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
(voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock either
as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any special
or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect
or validate any one or more of the following actions:

                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series D Preferred
Stock, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or
series having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series D
Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)      the amendment, alteration or
repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions
of the Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any
right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series D Preferred Stock or
of the holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with, or junior to the Series D Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to "materially and
adversely affect" such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the
Series D Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected (i)





                 Page 12 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   13
all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or
called for redemption and (ii) funds shall have been deposited in trust in an
amount sufficient to effect such redemption as provided herein.

                 6.       Redemption.

                          (a)  The shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors but only with the prior consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after the third anniversary of the Effective Time
of the Merger of SBI with and into Union Planters - SBI Acquisition Company at
Twenty and 50/100 Dollars ($20.50) per share (the "Redemption Price"), plus all
dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series D Preferred Stock from (but not
including) the day of original issuance up to the Redemption Date (as defined
below).  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the
Corporation may acquire Series D Preferred Stock in any other lawful manner
permitted by its Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)  In the event that less than the entire amount of
Series D Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.

                          (c)  Notice of any redemption, whether whole or
partial, shall be given by United States first class mail, postage prepaid,
deposited in the mail not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the
Redemption Date, addressed to each holder of record of the shares selected for
redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the same shall appear on
the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice shall state: (1) the
date designated by the Board of Directors as the "Redemption Date"; (2) the
number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than
all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such
shares to be redeemed from such holder; (3) the Redemption Price and the manner
in which the Redemption Price is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or
places where certificates representing and evidencing such shares are to be
surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; and (5) that dividends on the
shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date.  No failure
to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall
affect the validity of the proceedings for redemption.  Any notice mailed in
the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given whether or not the holder receives the notice.  On the Redemption Date,
or on such earlier date as the Board of Directors shall designate for payment
of the Redemption Price (unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of
the Redemption Price as set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of
Series D Preferred Stock selected for redemption and to whom notice has been
duly given shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series
D Preferred Stock and shall have no interest in, or claim against the
Corporation by virtue thereof and shall have no dividend, voting or other
rights with respect to such shares except the right to receive the moneys
payable upon such redemption from the Corporation or otherwise, without
interest thereon, upon surrender (and proper endorsement, if required by the
Corporation) of the certificates, and the shares represented thereby shall no
longer be deemed to be outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide
funds for redemption shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall have deposited with a bank or trust company (which
may be an affiliate of the Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis,
Tennessee, having a capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any
other such bank or trust company located in the continental United States as
may be designated from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for
such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be
applied to the redemption of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock so called
for redemption.  Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the
Corporation from time to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end
of six years from such Redemption Date shall be repaid or released to the
Corporation, after which the holder or holders of such shares of Series D
Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for
payment of the Redemption Price.  Upon redemption of Series D Preferred Stock
in the manner set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series D Preferred Stock
by the Corporation, the Series D Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation
shall be retired and canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and
may thereafter be issued, but not as shares of Series D Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.

                          (a)  Any class or series of stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "senior to" the Series D Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series D
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series D
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series D Preferred Stock.





                 Page 13 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   14
                          (b)     The Series D Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation's
Series C Preferred Stock and the Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock, if and
when shares of such Series A Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock.  The
registered holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have the right,
at their option, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock (and,
upon the occurrence of a certain type of merger, into other assets) on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)     The registered holders of the Series D
Preferred Stock shall have the right at any time after the date of its original
issuance but prior to the Redemption Date designated in the notice of
redemption given to such holders in accordance with the provisions of Section
6, to convert each share of the Corporation's Series D Preferred Stock
registered in the name of such holders into one (1) share of the Corporation's
Common Stock having a par value of $5.00 per share.  The Series D Preferred
Stock shall not be convertible into any other class or classes or any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt
security) of the Corporation.

                          (b)     On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of the Series D
Preferred Stock (the "Transfer Agent") of the certificates representing and
evidencing Series D Preferred Stock so to be converted, duly endorsed for
conversion, the holder of such Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled,
subject to the limitations herein contained, to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate or certificates for fully paid and nonassessable shares, and cash
for fractional shares (if any) of UPC Common Stock or other securities pursuant
to subsection (d) below on the basis set forth.  The Series D Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to have been converted and the person converting the same shall
be deemed to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock, for the
purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatsoever as of the
date when the certificate or certificates representing and evidencing such
Series D Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered to the Transfer Agent as
aforesaid.  The holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall be responsible for
selection of the method of delivery to the Transfer Agent of any share
certificates intended to be surrendered for conversion and the Corporation
shall have no risk or liability for the loss or late delivery of certificates
for conversion.  Properly endorsed certificates must be physically received by
the Transfer Agent no later than the close of business on the Business Day next
preceding the designated Redemption Date in order for the conversion to become
effective.  The Corporation shall not be required to make any such conversion,
and no surrender of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be effective for such
purposes, while the books for the transfer of either class of stock are closed
for any purpose, but the surrender of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock
for conversion during any period while such books are closed shall become
effective for all purposes of conversion immediately upon the reopening of such
books, as if the conversion had been made on the date such shares of Series D
Preferred Stock were surrendered.

                          (c)     If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation should (i) declare and pay on, or in respect of, the UPC Common
Stock any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock; or (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares; or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of the UPC Common Stock by combining such shares
into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) subdivide the outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (d)     If the Corporation should consolidate with,
or merge into any corporation or reclassify outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares), each
share of Series D Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series D Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series D Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.

                          (e)     Whenever the conversion ratio or the type of
consideration other than UPC Common Stock receivable by the holder upon
conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock is required to be adjusted, as
herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the transfer agent
for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each holder of record of
Series D Preferred Stock a statement signed by the President or a Vice
President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth the adjusted
conversion ratio and, if applicable, a description of the consideration
receivable upon consummation, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustments.

                          (f)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series D Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion





                 Page 14 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   15
or issuance of UPC Common Stock shall be made unless and until the person
requesting such issuance has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such
tax, or has established to the satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer
agent, if any, that such tax has been paid or is not required.  Upon any
conversion of Series D Preferred Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or
allowance shall be made for dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock so
converted, and all rights to dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed
satisfied; provided, however, that nothing in this section shall be deemed to
relieve the Corporation from its obligation to pay any dividends which shall
have been declared and shall be payable to holders of Series D Preferred Stock
of record as of a date prior to such conversion even though the payment date
for such dividend may be subsequent to the date of conversion.

                          (g)     If any shares of Series D Preferred Stock
should be converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock
into which such Series D Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or
attributable thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights
Agreement, the surrender of such Series D Preferred Stock shall effectively
cancel all Rights attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series D
Preferred Stock so converted.

                 9.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series D Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding,
reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series D Preferred
Stock, such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time,
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series D Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series D
Preferred Stock in the manner herein provided.

                 10.      Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issuance of debt obligations, whether or
not subordinated, without the approval of any of its shareholders.

                 11.      Definitions.  For purposes of subparagraph (i) of
Article Sixth of the Charter:

                          (a)     The term "outstanding", when used in
reference to shares of stock, shall mean shares which are authorized and
issued, excluding shares held by the Corporation or by a subsidiary of the
Corporation (other than in a fiduciary capacity), and excluding shares called
for redemption, funds for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by
the Corporation or deposited in trust in the manner provided herein;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series D Preferred Stock as of the last day of the applicable
Quarterly Dividend Period (the "Quarterly Dividend Date") shall be deemed to be
the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including such
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, and the amount of
dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series D Preferred Stock as at any date
other than a Quarterly Dividend Date shall be deemed to be (i) the amount of
any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii) an amount
calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the shares of
Series D Preferred Stock (9.5%) for the period subsequent to such last
preceding Quarterly Dividend Date to and including the date as of which the
calculation is made, based on a 360-day year of 12 consecutive 30-day months
and the actual number of days elapsed in the latter period.

SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK

         (j)     Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of its Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
having no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as the: 8% CUMULATIVE, CONVERTIBLE, PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES
E (the "Series E Preferred Stock") and the number of shares of Preferred Stock
constituting such Series E Preferred Stock shall be 3,340,000.  Such number of
shares of Series E Preferred Stock may be adjusted hereafter by appropriate
action of the Board of Directors.  The Series E Preferred Stock shall have a
stated value of $25.00 per share (the "Stated Value").

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)     The holders of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be entitled to receive when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the
purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly at the annual rate of 8%
of the Stated Value thereof on the fifteenth day (or, if such fifteenth day
should not be a Business Day, on the next Business Day) of February, May,
August and November in each year (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), in
respect of the Quarterly Dividend Period next preceding such fifteenth day, and





                 Page 15 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   16
no other dividend or dividends.  Such dividends shall be payable to holders of
record of the Series E Preferred Stock on such date as may be fixed by the
Board of Directors which date shall not be more than 30 nor less than 10 days
prior to the applicable Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  As used herein, a
"Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of three calendar months ending on
the last day of January, April, July and October.  Subject to the provisions of
paragraph (c) of Article Sixth of the Charter, dividends on account of arrears
for any past Quarterly Dividend Period(s) may be declared and paid at any time
designated by the Board of Directors, without reference to any regular
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date as may be
fixed by the Board of Directors, which date shall not be more than 30 nor less
than 10 days preceding the designated payment date.  The amount of dividend per
share payable for any Quarterly Dividend Period less than a full Quarterly
Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed in the period with respect
to which it is payable.

                          (b)     Preferred dividends upon shares of Series E
Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from the day upon
which the original issuance of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall occur.

                          (c)     No interest, or sum of money in lieu of
interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which
may be in arrears.

                          (d)     For purposes hereof, a "Business Day" shall 
mean any day on which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking businesses.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  The holders of shares of Series
E Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe
for any part of the unissued Series E Preferred Stock, any UPC Common Stock, or
any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities
convertible into, or carrying options, warrants or rights to purchase, any
stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for
any stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the Corporation or
by its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive rights now or
hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series E Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $25.00 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
original issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for such payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and to continue to be available therefor),
the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any senior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series E Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series E Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series E Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the
Series E Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts
which would be payable on such shares of Series E Preferred Stock and on any
such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred
Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  Neither the
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation
or corporations, nor a reorganization of the Corporation alone, nor the sale or
transfer by the Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets shall be
deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation" within the
meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right of Holders of Series E Shares to Vote.

                          (a)     Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series E Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights except for those which may be required by the laws of the
State of Tennessee.

                          (b)     So long as any shares of Series E Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least two-thirds
(2/3ds) of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
(voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock either
as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any special
or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect
or validate any one or more of the following actions:





                 Page 16 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   17
                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series E Preferred
Stock, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or
series having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series E
Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)     the amendment, alteration or repeal,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the
Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any right,
preference, privilege or voting power of the Series E Preferred Stock or of the
holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with, or junior to the Series E Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to "materially and
adversely affect" such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the
Series E Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected (i) all outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and
(ii) funds shall have been deposited in trust in an amount sufficient to effect
such redemption as provided herein.

                 6.       Redemption.

                          (a)     The shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall
be redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors but only with the prior consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after March 1, 1997, at a price "Redemption Price"
of $25.00 per share, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series E
Preferred Stock from (but not including) the day of original issuance up to the
Redemption Date (as defined below).  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of
this Section, the Corporation may acquire Series E Preferred Stock in any other
lawful manner permitted by its Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)     In the event that less than the entire amount
of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.

                          (c)     Notice of any redemption, whether whole or
partial, shall be given by United States first class mail, postage prepaid,
deposited in the mail not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the
Redemption Date, addressed to each holder of record of the shares selected for
redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the same shall appear on
the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice shall state: (1) the
date designated by the Board of Directors as the "Redemption Date"; (2) the
number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than
all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such
shares to be redeemed from such holder; (3) the Redemption Price and the manner
in which the Redemption Price is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or
places where certificates representing and evidencing such shares are to be
surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; and (5) that dividends on the
shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date.  No failure
to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall
affect the validity of the proceedings for redemption.  Any notice mailed in
the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given whether or not the holder receives the notice.  On the Redemption Date,
or on such earlier date as the Board of Directors shall designate for payment
of the Redemption Price (unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of
the Redemption Price as set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of
Series E Preferred Stock selected for redemption and to whom notice has been
duly given shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series
E Preferred Stock and shall have no interest in, or claim against the
Corporation by virtue thereof and shall have no dividend, voting or other
rights with respect to such shares except the right to receive the moneys
payable upon such redemption from the Corporation or otherwise, without
interest thereon, upon surrender (and proper endorsement, if required by the
Corporation) of the certificates, and the shares represented thereby shall no
longer be deemed to be outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide
funds for redemption shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall have deposited with a bank or trust company (which
may be an affiliate of the Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis,
Tennessee, having a capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any
other such bank or trust company located in the continental United States as
may be designated from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for
such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be
applied to the redemption of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock so called
for redemption.  Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the
Corporation from time to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end
of six years from such Redemption Date shall be repaid or released to the
Corporation, after which the holder or holders of such shares of Series E
Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for
payment of the Redemption Price.  Upon redemption of Series E Preferred Stock
in the manner set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series E Preferred Stock
by the Corporation, the Series E Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation
shall be retired and canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and
may thereafter be issued, but not as shares of Series E Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.





                 Page 17 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   18
                          (a)  Any class or series of stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "senior to" the Series E Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series E
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series E
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series E Preferred Stock.

                          (b)  The Series E Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation's
Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation's Series D Preferred Stock  and the
Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock, if and when shares of such Series A
Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Conversion of Series E Preferred Stock.  The
registered holders of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall have the right,
at their option, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock (and,
upon the occurrence of a certain type of merger, into other assets) on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)  The registered holders of the Series E Preferred
Stock shall have the right at any time after the date of its original issuance
but prior to the Redemption Date designated in the notice of redemption given
to such holders in accordance with the provisions of Section 6, to convert each
share of the Corporation's Series E Preferred Stock registered in the name of
such holders into 1.25 shares of the Corporation's Common Stock having a par
value of $5.00 per share.  The Series E Preferred Stock shall not be
convertible into any other class or classes or any other series of any class or
classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt security) of the
Corporation.

                          (b)  On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of the Series E
Preferred Stock (the "Transfer Agent") of the certificates representing and
evidencing Series E Preferred Stock so to be converted, duly endorsed for
conversion, the holder of such Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled,
subject to the limitations herein contained, to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate or certificates for fully paid and nonassessable shares, and cash
for fractional shares (if any) of UPC Common Stock or other securities pursuant
to subsection (d) below on the basis set forth.  The Series E Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to have been converted and the person converting the same shall
be deemed to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock, for the
purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatsoever as of the
date when the certificate or certificates representing and evidencing such
Series E Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered to the Transfer Agent as
aforesaid.  The holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall be responsible for
selection of the method of delivery to the Transfer Agent of any share
certificates intended to be surrendered for conversion and the Corporation
shall have no risk or liability for the loss or late delivery of certificates
for conversion.  Properly endorsed certificates must be physically received by
the Transfer Agent no later than the close of business on the Business Day next
preceding the designated Redemption Date in order for the conversion to become
effective.  The Corporation shall not be required to make any such conversion,
and no surrender of the Series E Preferred Stock shall be effective for such
purposes, while the books for the transfer of either class of stock are closed
for any purpose, but the surrender of such shares of Series E Preferred Stock
for conversion during any period while such books are closed shall become
effective for all purposes of conversion immediately upon the reopening of such
books, as if the conversion had been made on the date such shares of Series E
Preferred Stock were surrendered.

                          (c)  If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation should (i) declare and pay on, or in respect of, the UPC Common
Stock any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock; or (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares; or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of the UPC Common Stock by combining such shares
into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) subdivide the outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (d)  If the Corporation should consolidate with,
or merge into any corporation or reclassify outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares), each
share of Series E Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series E Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series E Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.





                 Page 18 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   19
                          (e)     Whenever the conversion ratio or the type of
consideration other than UPC Common Stock receivable by the holder upon
conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock is required to be adjusted, as
herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the transfer agent
for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each holder of record of
Series E Preferred Stock a statement signed by the President or a Vice
President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth the adjusted
conversion ratio and, if applicable, a description of the consideration
receivable upon consummation, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustments.

                          (f)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series E Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion or issuance of UPC Common Stock
shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax, or has established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer agent, if any, that such tax
has been paid or is not required.  Upon any conversion of Series E Preferred
Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or allowance shall be made for
dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock so converted, and all rights to
dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed satisfied; provided, however, that
nothing in this section shall be deemed to relieve the Corporation from its
obligation to pay any dividends which shall have been declared and shall be
payable to holders of Series E Preferred Stock of record as of a date prior to
such conversion even though the payment date for such dividend may be
subsequent to the date of conversion.

                          (g)     If any shares of Series E Preferred Stock
should be converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock
into which such Series E Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or
attributable thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights
Agreement, the surrender of such Series E Preferred Stock shall effectively
cancel all Rights attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series E
Preferred Stock so converted.

                 9.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series E Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding,
reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series E Preferred
Stock, such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time,
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series E Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series E
Preferred Stock in the manner herein provided.

                 10.      Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issuance of debt obligations, whether or
not subordinated, without the approval of any of its shareholders.

                 11.      Definitions.  For purposes of subparagraph (j) of
Article Sixth of the Charter:

                          (a)     The term "outstanding", when used in reference
to shares of stock, shall mean shares which are authorized and issued,
excluding shares held by the Corporation or by a subsidiary of the Corporation
(other than in a fiduciary capacity), and excluding shares called for
redemption, funds for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by the
Corporation or deposited in trust in the manner provided herein;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series E Preferred Stock as of the last day of the applicable
Quarterly Dividend Period (the "Quarterly Dividend Date") shall be deemed to be
the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including such
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, and the amount of
dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series E Preferred Stock as at any date
other than a Quarterly Dividend Date shall be deemed to be (i) the amount of
any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii) an amount
calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the shares of
Series E Preferred Stock (8%) for the period subsequent to such last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date to and including the date as of which the calculation
is made, based on a 360-day year of 12 consecutive 30-day months and the actual
number of days elapsed in the latter period.


COMMON STOCK

         (a)    Shares of Common Stock may be issued at such time or times and
for such consideration or considerations (not less than the par value thereof)
as the Board of Directors may deem advisable subject to such limitations as may
be set forth in the laws of the State of Tennessee or the Charter or the Bylaws
of the Corporation.

         (b)    Except as provided by law or this Charter, each holder of 
Common Stock shall have one vote in respect of each share of stock held by him
of record on the books of the Corporation on all matters voted upon by the
shareholders.





                 Page 19 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   20
         (c)  Subject to the preferential dividend rights, if any, applicable
to shares of Preferred Stock and subject to applicable requirements, if any,
with respect to the setting aside of sums for purchase, retirement or sinking
funds for Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to
receive, to the extent permitted by law, such dividends as may be declared from
time to time by the Board of Directors.

         (d)  In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up of the Corporation, after
distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to
the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation of whatever
kind available for distribution to stockholders ratably in proportion to the
number of shares of Common Stock held by them respectively.  The Board of
Directors may distribute in kind to the holders of Common Stock such remaining
assets of the Corporation or may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or
any part of such remaining assets to any other person, corporation, trust, or
other entity and receive payment therefor in cash, stock or obligations of such
other corporation, trust or entity, or any combination thereof, and may sell
all or any part of the consideration so received and distribute any balance
thereof in kind to holders of Common Stock.  Neither the merger or
consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other corporation, nor the
merger of any other corporation into it, nor any purchase or redemption of
shares of stock of the Corporation of any class, shall be deemed to be a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation for the purposes of
this paragraph.

         (e)  Such numbers of shares of Common Stock as may from time to time
be required for such purpose shall be reserved for issuance (i) upon conversion
of any shares of Preferred Stock or any other obligation of the Corporation
convertible into shares of Common Stock which is at the time outstanding or
issuable upon exercise of any options or warrants at the time outstanding, and
(ii) upon exercise of any options or warrants at the time outstanding to
purchase shares of Common Stock.

SEVENTH:  MINIMUM CAPITAL TO COMMENCE BUSINESS:

         The Corporation will not commence business until consideration of one
thousand dollars ($1,000) has been received for the issuance of shares.

EIGHTH:  NO PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS:

         Neither the holders of Common Stock, nor the holders of Preferred
Stock nor the holders of any securities convertible into, exchangeable for or
carrying any rights to subscribe to any class of capital stock of the
Corporation shall, as such holders, have any right to acquire, purchase or
subscribe for any shares of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the
Corporation or any class of capital stock or any securities convertible into,
exchangeable for, or carrying any rights to subscribe to, shares of Common
Stock or any such other class of capital stock of the Corporation, which it may
hereafter issue or sell (whether out of the number of shares now or hereafter
authorized by this Charter, or out of any shares of the Common Stock or other
capital stock of the Corporation acquired by it after the issuance thereof, or
otherwise), other than such right, if any, as the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its discretion may determine.

NINTH:  DIRECTORS:

         The number of directors of the Corporation shall be such number, not
less than seven (7) nor more than twenty-five (25), as shall be provided from
time to time in the Bylaws, provided that no amendment to the Bylaws decreasing
the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any
incumbent director, and provided further that no action shall be taken by the
directors (whether through amendment of the Bylaws or otherwise) to increase
the number of directors as provided in the Bylaws from time to time unless at
least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the directors then in
office shall concur in said action.  Directors need not be shareholders of the
Corporation nor need they be residents of Tennessee.

         The Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes of
directors which shall be designated Class I, Class II and Class III.  Such
classes shall be as nearly equal in number as the then total number of
directors constituting the entire board shall permit, with the terms of office
of all members of one class expiring each year.  Should the number of directors
fixed by the Bylaws not be equally divisible by three, the excess director or
directors shall be assigned to Classes III or II as follows:  (i) if there
shall be an excess of one directorship over a number equally divisible by
three, such extra directorship shall be classified in Class III; and (ii) if
there be an excess of two directorships over a number equally divisible by
three, one shall be classified in Class II and the other in Class III.  At the
annual meeting of shareholders in 1981: directors of Class I shall be elected
to hold office for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting;
directors of Class II shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at
the second succeeding annual meeting; and directors of Class III shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
meeting.  At each annual meeting of shareholders after 1981, the successors to
the members of the class of directors whose terms shall then expire shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
meeting, except that the successor to any director who shall have been elected
by the directors to fill a vacancy whose term shall expire at such meeting
shall be elected by the shareholders for a term expiring at the same time as
the terms of other members of the same class.  Any director elected by the
Board of Directors to fill a vacancy (whether or not such vacancy shall have
been created by an increase in the number of directors) shall serve only until
the next annual meeting of the shareholders.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any director whose term shall expire at any annual meeting shall continue to
serve until such time as his successor shall have been duly elected and shall
have qualified unless his position





                 Page 20 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   21
on the Board shall have been abolished by action taken to reduce the size of
the Board prior to said meeting.

         Should the number of members of the Corporation's Board as fixed by
the Bylaws be reduced by amendment thereof, the Board shall designate, by the
name of the incumbent(s), the position(s) to be abolished, the first being
selected from Class II should the number of members of that Class exceed the
number of members of Class I, the second being selected from Class III should
the number of its members exceed the number of members of Class I, and others,
in sequence from Classes I, II, III, I, II, III, etc. in that order. Should
additional directorships be created pursuant to amendment of the Bylaws, they
shall be allocated first to Class II and then to Class I as may be required to
make equal the number of directorships in each class.  Should the number of
directorships be equal as among the three classes, newly created positions
shall be assigned first to Class III, then to Class II, then to Class I, etc.

         Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Charter or the Bylaws
(and notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be specified by
law, the Charter or the Bylaws of this Corporation), the affirmative vote of
the holders of sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of this Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one
class) shall be required (a) to amend, alter, change or repeal this ARTICLE
NINTH of the Charter or (b) to remove from office any director of this
Corporation whether with or without cause.

TENTH:  NO CUMULATIVE VOTING FOR DIRECTORS:

         Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the
election.  No cumulative voting shall be permitted with respect to the election
of directors.

ELEVENTH:  CERTAIN POWERS DEFINED:

         The following provisions are hereby adopted for the purpose of
defining, limiting and regulating the powers of the Corporation and of its
directors and shareholders:

         (a)  All corporate powers of the Corporation shall be exercised by its
Board of Directors except as otherwise provided by law, provided, however, that
the Board of Directors, by a resolution adopted by a majority of the entire
Board, may designate an Executive Committee consisting of five (5) or more
directors, and other committees, consisting of five (5) or more directors, and
may delegate to such committee or committees all such authority of the Board
that it deems desirable, except that no such committee or committees, unless
specifically so authorized by the Board, shall have and exercise the authority
of the Board to:

                 (1)  adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws;

                 (2)  submit to the shareholders of the Corporation any action
         requiring shareholders' authorization under the Tennessee Business
         Corporation Act;

                 (3)  fill vacancies in the Board or in any committee;

                 (4)  declare dividends or make other corporate distributions;
         nor

                 (5)  issue or reissue any Common Stock, or Preferred Stock, or
         any obligation of the Corporation exchangeable for or convertible into
         its capital stock of any class or any warrant, right or option to
         acquire the same.

         The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of
any such committee, who may replace any absent member or members at any meeting
of such committee.  Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the
Board.  The designation of any such committee shall serve at the pleasure of
the Board.  The designation of any such committee and the delegation thereto of
authority shall not relieve any director of any responsibility imposed by law.
To the extent consistent with law, this Charter and the Bylaws of the
Corporation relating to the conduct of meetings of the Board shall govern
meetings of the Executive and other committees.

         (b)  Whenever under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act
shareholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action
may be taken without a meeting on written consent, setting forth the action so
taken, signed by all of the persons or entities entitled to vote thereon.
Directors may take any action which they are required or permitted to take
under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act without a meeting in the same
manner.

         (c)  The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or
repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation by a majority vote of the entire Board,
but any Bylaw so adopted by the Board may be further amended or repealed by
action of the shareholders of the Corporation.  The Bylaws may contain any
provision for the regulation and management of the business or affairs of the
Corporation not inconsistent with law and this Charter.

         (d)  The Board of Directors shall have power from time to time to set
apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or
reserves for any proper purpose, and to abolish any such reserve.





                 Page 21 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   22
         (e)     The Board of Directors from time to time shall determine 
whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under what
conditions and regulations the accounts and books of the Corporation, or any of
them, shall be open to the inspection of the shareholders, and no shareholder
shall have any right to inspect any account, book or document of the
Corporation except as conferred by statute, the Bylaws or as authorized by
resolution of the Board of Directors.

         (f)     The Board of Directors of the Corporation, without the vote of
the shareholders, may distribute to its shareholders out of its capital surplus
a portion of its assets, in cash or in property, in accordance with and subject
to the limitations imposed by Section 48-16-401 of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, provided however, that no such distribution shall be made to
the holders of any class of shares until adequate provision shall be made for
any sinking fund requirements applicable to the retirement of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation.

         (g)     The Corporation shall have the right to purchase or otherwise
acquire its own shares in accordance with Section 48-16-302 of the Tennessee
Business Corporation Act to the extent of unreserved and unrestricted earned
surplus available therefor, or, if such unreserved and unrestricted earned
surplus is not available, to the extent of unreserved and unrestricted capital
surplus available therefor.

TWELFTH:  INDEMNIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS:

         To the fullest extent permitted by Tennessee law, the Corporation may
indemnify or purchase and maintain insurance to indemnify any of its directors,
officers, employees or agents and any persons who may serve at the request of
the Corporation as directors, officers, employees, trustees or agents of any
other corporation, firm, association, national banking association, state-
chartered bank, trust company, business trust, organization or any other type
of entity whether or not the Corporation shall have any ownership interest in
such entity.  Such indemnification(s) may be provided for in the Bylaws, or by
resolution of the Board of Directors or by appropriate contract with the person
involved.

THIRTEENTH:  CHARTER AMENDMENTS:

         The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal
any provision made in this Charter, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by the laws of the State of Tennessee, and all rights conferred herein upon
shareholders and the Board of Directors are granted subject to this
reservation.

FOURTEENTH:  SPECIAL VOTE IN CERTAIN CASES:

         (a)     Except as otherwise expressly provided in Paragraph 4 of this
ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the affirmative vote of the holders of sixty-six and
two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of this Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
considered for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH as one class, shall be
required to authorize:

                 (1)      any merger or consolidation of this Corporation with
or into any other corporation, or other entity; or

                 (2)      any sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of this Corporation to or with any other
corporation, person, or other entity, if, as of the "Date of Determination" as
defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, such other corporation, person, or entity
is the "Beneficial Owner," directly or indirectly, of ten percent (10%) or more
of the outstanding shares of capital stock of this Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, considered for the purposes of this
ARTICLE FOURTEENTH as one class.  Such affirmative vote shall be required
notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be specified in law or
any agreement with any national securities exchange.

         (b)     For purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, any corporation,
person, or other entity shall be deemed to be the "Beneficial Owner" of any
shares of capital stock of this Corporation (i) which it or any "Affiliate" or
"Associate" of it (as defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) has the right to
acquire pursuant to any agreement, or upon exercise of conversion rights,
warrants, or options, or otherwise, or (ii) which are "Beneficially Owned,"
directly or indirectly (including shares being owned through application of
clause (i) above), by any other corporation, person or entity which is its
"Affiliate" or "Associate" (as defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) or with
which it or any "Affiliate" or "Associate" or it has any agreement,
arrangement, or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or
disposing of the capital stock of this Corporation.  For the purposes of this
ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the outstanding shares of any class of capital stock of
this Corporation shall include shares deemed owned through the application of
clauses (i) and (ii) above but shall not include any other shares which may be
issuable pursuant to any agreement, or upon exercise of conversion rights,
warrants, or options, or otherwise.

         (c)     The Board of Directors of this Corporation shall have the
power and duty to determine for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, on the
basis of information then known to it, whether any corporation, person, or
other entity "Beneficially Owns" ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, or is an "Affiliate" or an "Associate" (as defined in
this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) or another.  Any such determination by the Board of
Directors made in good faith shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes
of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH.





                 Page 22 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   23
         (d)     The provisions of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH shall not apply to
any merger or consolidation of this Corporation with or into, or any sale,
lease, exchange, or other disposition of any assets of this Corporation to, any
corporation or entity of which a majority of the outstanding shares of all
classes of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, considered for this purpose as one class, is owned of record or
beneficially by this Corporation and its subsidiaries.

         (e)     As used in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

                 (1)      Affiliate.  An "Affiliate" of, or a person
"affiliated" with, a specific person, means a person that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by,
or is under common control with, the person specified.

                 (2)      Associate.  The term "Associate" used to indicate a
relationship with any person, means (i) any corporation or organization (other
than this Corporation or a majority-owned subsidiary of this Corporation) of
which such person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the
beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of equity
securities, (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has a
substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or
in a similar fiduciary capacity, (iii) any relative or spouse of such person,
or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such person, or (iv)
any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 for
which such person or any affiliate of such person serves as investment adviser.

                 (3)      Date of Determination.  The term "Date of
Determination" means (i) the date on which a binding agreement (except for the
fulfillment of conditions precedent, including, without limitation, votes of
shareholders to approve such transaction) is entered into by this Corporation,
as authorized by its Board of Directors, and another corporation, person or
other entity providing for any merger or consolidation of this Corporation or
any sale, lease, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of this Corporation, as referred to in Paragraph 1 in this ARTICLE
FOURTEENTH; or, (ii) if such an agreement as referred to in item (i) is amended
so as to make it less favorable to this Corporation and its shareholders, the
date on which such amendment is approved by the Board of Directors of this
Corporation, or, (iii) in cases where neither item (i) nor item (ii) shall be
applicable, the record date for the determination of shareholders of this
Corporation entitled to notice of and to vote upon the transaction in question.
The Board of Directors of this Corporation shall have the power and duty to
determine for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH the Date of Determination
as to any transaction.  Any such determination by the Board of Directors made
in good faith shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this ARTICLE
FOURTEENTH.

         (f)     The provisions of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH as to the vote
required for any action described herein, shall apply in addition to any other
provision for a vote required with respect to such action by law or otherwise.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Charter or the Bylaws (and
notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be specified in law,
the Charter, or the Bylaws), the affirmative vote of the holders of sixty-six
and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of this Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors (considered for this purpose as one class) shall be required to
amend, alter, or repeal this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH.





                 Page 23 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(B)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS AMENDED & RESTATED BY-LAWS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                          AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

                                       OF

                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                           (A TENNESSEE CORPORATION)

                    _______________________________________

                                   ARTICLE I

                            MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS

         Section 1. Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of the shareholders of
the Corporation for the election of Directors and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting shall be held on the fourth
Thursday in April of each year (subsequent to the year 1972) if not a legal
holiday, and if a legal holiday at such time as shall be designated by the
Board.  If the annual meeting shall not be held on the day hereinabove provided
for, the Board shall call a special meeting for the election of Directors as
soon thereafter as convenient, and in any event not later than 30 days after
said day.

         Section 2. Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the shareholders,
unless otherwise prescribed by law, may be called for any purpose or purposes
whatsoever at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the President, the
Secretary or the holders of not less than one tenth (1/10) of the shares
entitled to vote at such meeting.

         Section 3. Notice of Meeting; Waiver of Notice.  Written or printed
notice stating the place, day, hour, purpose or purposes for which the meeting
is called and the person or persons calling the meeting shall be delivered
either personally or by mail or at the direction of the Chairman of the Board,
the President, the Secretary or other person or persons calling the meeting to
each shareholder entitled to vote at the meeting.  If mailed, such notice shall
be delivered not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the
date of the meeting and shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the
United States Mail addressed to the shareholder at his address as it appears on
the stock transfer records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid.
If delivered personally, such notice shall be delivered not less than five (5)
nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting and shall be
deemed delivered when actually received by the shareholder.  A certificate of
the Secretary or other person giving the notice, or of a transfer agent of the
Corporation, that the notice required by this Section has been given, in the
absence of fraud, shall be prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated.
Whenever the shareholders of this Corporation are authorized to take any action
after notice




                                      1
<PAGE>   2
or after the lapse of a prescribed period of time, such action may be taken
without notice and without the lapse of such period of time, if at any time
before or after such action is completed each shareholder entitled to such
notice or entitled to participate in the action to be taken, (or his
attorney-in-fact or proxy holder), shall submit a signed waiver of notice of
such requirement.  When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, it
shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjourned meeting if the time
and place to which the meeting is adjourned are announced at the meeting at
which the adjournment is taken, and at the adjourned meeting any business may
be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the
meeting.  However, if after the adjournment the Board shall fix a new record
date for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
given to each shareholder of record on the new record date entitled to vote at
the meeting.

         Section 4. Place of Meetings.  Meetings of the shareholders may be
held at such place, either within or without the State of Tennessee, as may be
set by the Board.  If the Board shall fail to set the place of the meeting, the
meeting shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation.

         Section 5. Quorum.  At all meetings of the shareholders, the holders
of a majority of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote,
present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of
any business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Charter or
these Bylaws.  When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not
broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any of those present.  A meeting may be
adjourned despite the absence of a quorum.  The absence from any meeting of
holders of the number of shares of stock of the Corporation in excess of a
majority thereof which may be required by the laws of the State of Tennessee or
other applicable statute, the Charter, or these Bylaws, for action upon any
given matter, shall not prevent action at such meeting upon any other matter or
matters which may properly come before the meeting, if there shall be present
thereat, in person or by proxy, holders of the number of shares of stock of the
Corporation required for action in respect of such other matter or matters.

         Section 6. Organization.  At each meeting of the shareholders, the
Chairman of the Board or in his absence or inability to act, the Vice chairman,
or in the absence or inability to act of the Chairman of the Board and the Vice
Chairman, the President, shall act as Chairman of the meeting.  The Secretary,
or in his absence or inability to act, any person appointed by the Chairman of
the meeting shall act as Secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.




                                      2
<PAGE>   3
         Section 7. Order of Business.  The order  of business at all meetings
of the shareholders shall be as determined by the Chairman of the meeting.

         Section 8. Voting; Consent of Shareholders in lieu of Meeting.  Except
as otherwise provided by statute or the Charter, each holder of record of
shares of stock of the Corporation having voting power shall be entitled at
each meeting of the shareholders to one vote upon each matter submitted to a
vote for every share of such stock standing in his name on the record of
shareholders of the Corporation:

                 a.       On the date fixed by the Board in accordance with
         Section 6 of Article VI hereof as the record date for the
         determination of the shareholders who shall be entitled to notice of
         and to vote at such meeting; or

                 b.       If such record date shall not have been fixed for the
         determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or entitled to
         vote at a meeting of shareholders, the date on which notice of the
         meeting is mailed shall be the record date for such determination of
         shareholders.  When a determination of shareholders entitled to vote
         at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this
         Section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof.

         Every shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting of shareholders or to
express consent or dissent without a meeting may authorize another person or
persons to act for him by proxy.  Every proxy must be signed by the shareholder
or his attorney-in-fact.  No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of
eleven (11) months from the date thereof unless otherwise provided in the
proxy.  Every proxy shall be revocable prior to its use at the pleasure of the
shareholder executing it, except as otherwise provided in this Section or by
law.  The authority of the holder of a proxy to act shall not be revoked by the
incompetence or the death of the shareholder who executed the proxy unless,
before the authority is exercised, written notice of an adjudication of such
incompetence or the death of the shareholder who executed the proxy unless,
before the authority is exercised, written notice of an adjudication of such
incompetence or written notice of such death is received by the corporate
officer responsible for maintaining the list of shareholders.  A proxy
authorized by a shareholder which is entitled "irrevocable proxy" an which
states it is irrevocable is irrevocable when it is held by one of the following
or a nominee of any of the following:

                 (a)      a pledge;

                 (b)      a person who has purchased or agreed to purchase the
         shares;




                                      3
<PAGE>   4
                 (c)      a person designated by or under an agreement 
         comporting with the law.

         Notwithstanding a provision in a proxy stating that it is irrevocable,
the proxy becomes revocable after the pledge is redeemed or such agreement has
terminated.

         A proxy may be revoked notwithstanding a provision making it
irrevocable, by a purchaser of shares without knowledge of the existence of the
provision unless the existence of the proxy and its irrevocability is noted
conspicuously on the face or back of the certificate representing such shares.

         Whenever shareholders are required or permitted to take any action by
vote, such action may be taken without a meeting on written consent, setting
forth the action so taken, signed by all of the persons or entities entitled to
vote thereon.

         If a vote shall be taken on any question, then unless required by
statute, or determined by the Chairman of the meeting to be advisable, any such
vote need not be by ballot.  On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed
by the shareholder voting, or by his proxy, if there be such proxy, and shall
state the number of shares voted.

         Section 9. List of Shareholders.  A list of shareholders of the
Corporation as of the record date, certified by the officer responsible for the
preparation or by the Corporation's transfer agent, shall be open for
inspection at any meeting of the shareholders. If the right to vote at any
meeting is challenged, the Chairman of the meeting may rely on such list as
evidence of the right of the persons challenged to vote at such meeting.

         Section 10.  Inspectors of Election.  The Board may, in advance of any
meeting of shareholders, appoint two or more inspectors to act at such meeting
or at any adjournment thereof.  If the inspectors shall not be so appointed, or
if any of them shall fail to appear or act, the Chairman of the meeting may,
and on request of any shareholder entitled to vote thereat shall, appoint
inspectors.  Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties,
shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at
such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability.
The inspectors shall determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting
power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting, the existence
of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes,
ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in
connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or
consents, determine the results, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the
election or vote with fairness to all shareholders.  On request of the Chairman
of the meeting or any shareholder




                                      4
<PAGE>   5
entitled to vote thereat, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any
challenge, request or matter determined by them, and shall execute a
certificate of the facts found by them.  No director or candidate for the
office of director shall act as inspector of an election of directors.
Inspectors need not be shareholders of the Corporation.

         Section 11.  Examination of Corporate Records by Shareholders.  Any
person who shall have been a shareholder of record for at least six (6) months
immediately preceding his demand, or who shall be the holder of record of at
least five percent (5%) of all of the outstanding shares of the Corporation,
upon written demand stating the purpose thereof, shall have the right to
examine, in person, or by agent or attorney, at any reasonable time or times,
for any proper purpose, the Corporation's books and records of account and the
minutes and records of meetings of shareholders, the Board and the Committees o
the Board, and to make extracts therefrom.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon
proof of proper purpose by a shareholder of the Corporation, irrespective of
the period of time during which such shareholder shall have been a shareholder
of record and irrespective of the percentage of outstanding shares held by him,
a court having equity jurisdiction in Shelby County, Tennessee, may compel the
production for examination by such shareholder of the books, documents and
records of the Corporation.  By resolution the Board may adopt further policies
in respect of the right of the shareholders of the Corporation to inspect said
books and records provided that said policies shall not be more restrictive
than the provisions of applicable law at the time.

                                   ARTICLE II

                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         Section 1. General Powers.  Except as otherwise provided by law or by
the Charter, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by
the Board of Directors.  The Board may exercise all such authority and powers
of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute
or the charter directed or required to be exercised or done by the
shareholders.

         Section 2. Number, Classification, Election, etc.  The number of
directors of the corporation shall be eighteen (18) who shall be divided into
three classes designated Class I, Class II and Class III as follows:

         Class I consists of six (6) directors elected to hold office for a
term expiring at the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders at which their
respective successors are to be elected for a term expiring at the 1997 Annual
Meeting;




                                      5
<PAGE>   6
         Class II consists of six (6) directors elected to hold office for a
term expiring at the 1995 Annual Meeting of Shareholders at which their
respective successors are to be elected for a term expiring at the 1998 Annual
Meeting; and

         Class III consists of six (6) directors elected to hold office for a
term expiring at the 1996 Annual Meeting of shareholders at which their
respective successors are to be elected for a term expiring at the 1999 Annual
Meeting.

         Thereafter, each class of directors shall be elected to hold office
for terms expiring on the third annual meeting succeeding the annual meeting at
which they were last elected.  The successor to any director who shall have
been elected by the directors to fill a vacancy on the Board shall serve only
until the next annual meeting of shareholder for a term expiring at the same
time as the terms of the other members of the same class.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any director whose term shall expire at any annual meeting shall
continue to serve until such time as his successor shall have been duly elected
and shall have qualified unless his position on the Board shall have been
abolished by action taken to reduce the size of the Board prior to said
meeting.  No amendment of the Bylaws decreasing the number of directors shall
have the effect of shortening the term of any director.  All directors shall be
at least 21 years of age.  Mandatory retirement is established at age 70,
except as to persons who were Directors on February 21, 1985, to be effective
at the regular Annual Shareholders Meeting following the 70th birthday.
Directors need not be shareholders of the Corporation or need they be residents
of Tennessee.  Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Charter, the
directors shall be elected by written ballot at annual meetings of
shareholders.  Article NINTH of the Corporation's Charter, as amended by the
shareholders on April 16, 1981, provides that the number of directors of the
Corporation shall be as provided in these Bylaws from time to time but shall
not be less than 7 nor more than 25 and establishes  guidelines for increasing
the number of directors by amendment of the Bylaws by two-thirds vote of the
directors then in office.

         Section 3. Place of Meeting.  Regular meetings of the Board shall be
held at such place within or without the State of Tennessee as the Board may
from time to time determine.  Special meetings may be held at such place in
Shelby County, Tennessee, as may be determined by the person calling said
meeting.  In all cases the place of the meeting shall be specified in the
notice thereof.

         Section 4. Organization Meeting.  The Board of Directors shall meet
for the purpose of organization, the election of officers, and the transaction
of other business as soon as practicable after each annual meeting of the
shareholders, on the same day and at the same place where such annual meeting
shall




                                      6
<PAGE>   7
be held.  Notice of such meeting need not be given if held at said time and
place.  Such meeting may be held at any other time or place (within or without
the State of Tennessee) which shall be specified in a notice thereof given as
hereinafter provided in Section 7 of this ARTICLE II.

         Section 5. Regular Meetings.  Regular meetings of the Board of
Directors of this Corporation shall be held on the third Thursday of each month
at 10:30 a.m., in the Second Floor Executive Conference Room, 67 Madison
Avenue, Memphis, Tennessee.  If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a
legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting
which otherwise would be held on that day shall be held at the same hour on the
next succeeding business day.  Notice of regular meetings of the Board need not
be given except as otherwise required by law.

         Section 6. Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board may be
called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, and Executive Vice
President, the Secretary or any three or more Directors of the Corporation.

         Section 7. Notice of Meetings.  Notice of each special meeting of the
Board (and of each regular meeting for which notice shall be required) shall be
given by the Secretary or by or under the supervision of the persons calling
the meeting as hereinafter provided in this Section 7, in which notice shall be
stated the time and place of the meeting.  Notice of each such meeting shall be
delivered to each director, either personally or by telephone, telegraph, cable
or other method of communication, at least 24 hours before the time at which
such meeting is to be held, or by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed
to him at his residence or usual place of business, and deposited in the mail
at least two days before the day on which the meeting is to be held.  Notice of
any such meeting need not be given to any director who shall, either before or
after the meeting, submit a signed waiver of notice or who shall attend such
meeting (other than for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of
any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened).  Neither
the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of any regular or special
meeting of the Board, need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of
such meeting unless otherwise required by law of the Bylaws.

         Section 8. Quorum and Manner of Acting.  A majority of the entire
Board shall be present in person at any meeting of the Board in order to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting, and except
as otherwise expressly required by the Charter, these Bylaws or any applicable
statute, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which
a quorum is present shall be act of the Board.  In the absence of a quorum at
any meeting of the Board, a majority of




                                      7
<PAGE>   8
the directors present thereat may adjourn such meeting to another time and
place until a quorum shall be present thereat.  Notice of the time and place of
any such adjourned meeting shall be given to the directors who were not present
at the time of the adjournment and, unless such time and place were announced
at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken, to the other directors.  At
any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally
called.

         Section 9. Organization.  At each meeting of the Board, the Chairman
of the Board, or, in his absence or inability to act, the Vice Chairman, or, in
his absence or inability to act, the President, or in his absence or inability
to act, another director chosen by a majority of the directors present shall
act as Chairman of the meeting and preside thereat.  The Secretary or, in his
absence or inability to act, any person appointed by the Chairman shall act as
Secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

         Section 10.  Resignations.  Any director of the Corporation may resign
at any time by giving written notice of his resignation to the Board or to the
Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman or to the President or to the
Secretary of the Corporation.  Any such resignation shall take effect at the
time specified therein or, if the time when it shall become effective shall not
be specified therein, immediately upon its receipt; and, unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.

         Section 11.  Vacancies.  Newly created directorships resulting from an
increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the Board for
any reason (other than the removal of directors without cause or for cause) may
be filled by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less
than a quorum exists.  Vacancies occurring on the Board by reason of the
removal of directors without cause or for cause may be filled for the duration
of the term of the class by vote of the shareholders, provided, however, if the
shareholders shall fail to fill a vacancy so created, the vacancy shall be
filled by the directors in the manner specified in the preceding sentence.  No
person who has attained the age of seventy (70) years shall be appointed to
fill any vacancy.

         Section 12.  Removal of Directors.  Any or all of the directors of the
Corporation may be removed with or without cause by vote of the holders of
sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the outstanding shares of
the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors.




                                      8
<PAGE>   9
         Section 13.  Action by Written Consent.  Any action required or
permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken
without a meeting on written consent, setting forth the action so taken, signed
by all of the directors entitled to vote thereon.  The instrument of consent
shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE III

                         EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMITTEES

         Section 1. Executive Committee.  The Board may, by resolution adopted
by a majority of the entire Board, designate an Executive Committee consisting
of five (5) or more of the directors of the Corporation, which Committee shall
have and may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors with
respect to all matters other than:

                 (a)      The adoption, amendment or repeal of any Bylaw;

                 (b)      The submission to shareholders of any action
         requiring shareholders' authorization;

                 (c)      The filling of vacancies in the Board of Directors or
         in any committee thereof;

                 (d)      The declaration of dividends or making of other
         corporate distributions;

                 (e)      The issuance of Common Stock, Preferred Stock or any
         other obligation of the Corporation exchangeable for or convertible
         into its capital stock of any class or any warrant, right or option to
         acquire the same; or

                 (f)      the removal or replacement of any officer elected by
         the Board or appointed by the Chairman of the Board or President
         pursuant to authority conferred upon them or either of them by the
         Board.

         The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of
the Executive Committee, who may replace any absent member or members at any
meeting of such committee.  The Executive Committee shall serve at the pleasure
of the Board.  The Executive Committee shall keep written minutes of its
proceedings and shall report such minutes to the Board.  All such proceedings
shall be subject to revision or alteration by the Board; provided, however,
that third parties shall not be prejudiced by such revision or alteration.

         Section 2. Other Committees.  The Board may, by resolution adopted by
a majority of the entire Board, designate other Committees, each consisting of
three or more of the directors




                                      9
<PAGE>   10
of the Corporation, which Committees, except as otherwise proscribed by
statute, shall have and may exercise the authority of the Board to the extent
that such authority shall be conferred by resolutions designating such
Committee or Committees adopted by vote of a majority of the entire Board.

         Section 3. General.  A majority of any committee may determine its
action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board shall
otherwise provide.  In the absence or disqualification of any member of any
committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not
disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the
meeting in the place and stead of any such absent or disqualified member.  In
determining the existence of a quorum, the Secretary of the Corporation shall
not be counted unless he shall be a director of the Corporation and shall have
been duly appointed as a member of such committee.  The Board shall have the
power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill all
vacancies, to designate alternate members to replace any absent or disqualified
member, or to dissolve any such committee.  Nothing herein shall be deemed to
prevent the Board from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or
in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation; provided, however,
that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority or power of the
Board in the management of the business or affairs of the Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                    OFFICERS

         Section 1. Number and Qualifications.  The officers of the Corporation
shall include the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the President, one
or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents, the Treasurer
and the Secretary.  Any two or more offices may be held by the same person,
except the offices of President and Secretary. Such officers shall be elected
by the Board of Directors each year at the organizational meeting held after
the Annual Meeting of shareholders, each to hold office until the meeting of
the Board following the next Annual Meeting of the shareholders and until his
successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified, or until his
death, or until he shall have resigned or have been removed in the manner
provided by law and these Bylaws.  The Board may from time to time elect, or
delegate to the Chairman of the Board the power to appoint such other officers
(including one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant
Treasurers, and one or more Assistant Secretaries) and such agents, as may be
necessary or desirable to carry on the business of the Corporation.  Such other
officers and agents shall have such duties and shall




                                      10
<PAGE>   11
hold their offices for such terms as may be prescribed by the Board or by the
appointing authority.

         Section 2. Resignations.  Any officer of the Corporation may resign at
any time by giving written notice of his resignation to the Board, the Chairman
of the Board, the Vice Chairman, the President or the Secretary.  Any such
resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time
when it shall become effective shall not be specified therein, immediately upon
its receipt; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such
resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         Section 3. Removal.  Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be
removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by the vote of the majority
of the entire Board at any meeting of the Board, or, except in the case of an
officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board, by the Chairman of the
Board or the President.

         Section 4. Vacancies.  A vacancy in any office, whether arising from
death, resignation, removal or any other cause, may be filled by the Board at
any regular or special meeting for the unexpired portion of the term of the
office which shall be vacant, in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for the
regular election or appointment to such office.

         Section 5. The Chairman.  The Chairman of the Board shall be the Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation and shall have the general and active
management of the business of the Corporation and shall have general and active
supervision and direction over the business and affairs of the Corporation and
over its several officers, agents and employees, subject, however, to the
control of the Board. He shall, if present, preside at each meeting of the
Shareholders and of the Board.  He shall perform all duties incident to the
office of the Chairman of the Board and such other duties as may, from time to
time, be assigned to him by the Board.  The Chairman of the Board shall be
authorized to do or cause to be done all things appropriate, including
preparation, execution and filing of any Registration Statements or other
documents to effectuate the registration of the Corporation's securities (when
necessary or desirable) with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and to effectuate the registration of the Corporation's securities as may be
necessary or desirable pursuant to the securities laws of any state.  The
Chairman is also authorized to execute and cause to be filed on behalf of the
Corporation any reports which may be required by the securities laws or other
laws of the United States or of any state pursuant to any regulations adopted
with respect thereto.




                                      11
<PAGE>   12
         Section 5(a).  The Vice Chairman.  The Vice Chairman shall have those
duties assigned to him by the Chairman or the Board.  In the case of the
absence of the Chairman or his inability to act, the Vice Chairman shall
perform the duties of the Chairman, and when so acting shall have all of the
powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the Chairman.

         Section 6.  The President.  The President shall have general and
active supervision and direction over the other officers, agents and employees
and shall see that their duties are properly performed, subject, however, to
the control of the Board.  Concurrently with the Chairman of the Board, the
president is hereby authorized to do or cause to be done all things
appropriate, including preparation, execution and filing of the registration of
the Corporation's securities (when necessary or desirable) with the Securities
and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to effectuate registration of
the Corporation's Securities as may be necessary or desirable pursuant to the
securities laws of any state.  The President is also authorized to execute and
cause to be filed on behalf of the Corporation any reports which may be
required by the securities laws or other laws of the United States or any state
or pursuant to any regulations adopted with respect thereto.  In the case of
the absence of the Chairman of the Board and the Vice Chairman or their
inability to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chairman of the
Board, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all
the restrictions upon, the Chairman of the Board.  He shall perform all duties
incident to the office of the Chairman of the Board and such other duties as,
from time to time, may be assigned to him by the Board or these Bylaws.

         Section 7. Executive Vice-President.  At the request of the Chairman
of the Board, the Vice Chairman and the President, or in the case of their
absence or inability to act, the Executive Vice-President shall perform the
duties of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman and the President, and
when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the
restrictions upon, the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman and the
President.  The executive Vice-President shall perform all duties incident to
the office of Executive Vice-President and such other duties as from time to
time may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Vice
Chairman, the President, or by these Bylaws.  one Executive Vice-President
shall be the chief financial officer of the Corporation.

         Section 8. Vice Presidents.  Each Vice-President shall perform all
such duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board, the
Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman or the president.  Vice-Presidents
shall have seniority based upon length of service as Vice-President.  Unless
the Board shall




                                      12
<PAGE>   13
otherwise provide, the Senior Vice-President shall perform the duties of the
Executive Vice-President in case of his absence or inability to act, or if an
Executive Vice-President shall not have been appointed by the Board.

         Section 9. The Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall:

                 (a)      Have charge and custody of, and be responsible for,
         all the funds and securities of the Corporation;

                 (b)      Keep full and accurate records of receipts and
         disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation.

                 (c)      Cause all monies and other valuables to be deposited
         to the credit of the Corporation;

                 (d)      Receive, and give receipts for, monies due and
         payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever;

                 (e)      Disburse the funds of the Corporation and supervise
         the investment of its funds as ordered or authorized by the proper
         vouchers therefor; and

                 (f)      In general, perform all the duties incident to the
         office of Treasurer, and such other duties as from time to time may
         assigned to him by the Board, the President, the Vice Chairman or the
         Chairman of the Board.

         Section 10.  The Secretary.  The Secretary shall:

                 (a)      Keep or cause to be kept in one or more books
         provided for the purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board,
         the committees of the Board and the shareholders;

                 (b)      See that all notices are duly given in accordance
         with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by law;

                 (c)      Be custodian of the records and the seal of the
         Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of
         the Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such
         certificates shall be facsimile as hereinafter provided) and affix and
         attest the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the
         Corporation under its seal;

                 (d)      See that the books, reports, statements, certificates
         and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed
         are properly kept and filed;

                 (e)      In general, perform all the duties incident to the
         office of Secretary and such other duties as from time




                                      13
<PAGE>   14
         to time may be assigned to him by the Board, the Chairman of the
         Board, the Vice Chairman or the President.

         Section 11.  Officers' Bond or Other Security.  If required by the
Board, any officer of the Corporation shall give a bond or other security for
the faithful performance of his duties, in such amount and with such surety or
sureties as the Board may require.

                                   ARTICLE V

                                INDEMNIFICATION

         The Corporation does hereby indemnify its directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Tennessee and by
ARTICLE TWELFTH of its Charter.  The Corporation may indemnify any other person
to the extent permitted by the Charter and by applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                  SHARES, ETC.

         Section 1. Stock Certificates.  Each shareholder of the Corporation
shall be entitled upon request to have a certificate in such form conforming to
law as shall be approved by the Board, representing the number of shares of
stock of the Corporation owned by him.  The certificates representing shares of
stock shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the
Board or the President or a Vice-President or an Assistant Vice-President and
by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant
Treasurer, and sealed with the seal of the Corporation (which seal may be a
facsimile engraved or printed); provided, however, that where any such
certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent and/or a registrar (other than
the Corporation or one of its employees), the signatures of the Chairman of the
Board, President, Vice-President, Secretary, or Treasurer upon such
certificates may be facsimiles, engraved or printed.  In case any officer who
shall have signed such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before
such certificates shall be issued, they may nevertheless be issued by the
Corporation with the same effect as if such officer were still in office at the
date of their issue.

         Section 2. Books of Account and Record of Shareholders.  There shall
be kept correct and complete books and records of account, minutes of the
proceedings of its shareholders, Board of Directors and the committees of the
Board, and of all the business and transactions of the Corporation.  There
shall also be kept at the office of its transfer agent or at both, a record
containing the names and addresses of all shareholders of the Corporation, the
number of shares of stock held by each, and the




                                      14
<PAGE>   15
dates when they became the owners of record thereof.  Such shareholder records
may be in written form, on magnetic tape, disk pack storage, or in any other
form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable time for
visual inspection.

         Section 3. Transfers of Shares.  Transfers of shares of stock of the
Corporation shall be made on the stock records of the Corporation only upon
authorization by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto
authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary or
with a transfer agent or transfer clerk, and on surrender of the certificate or
certificates for such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly
executed stock transfer power and the payment of all applicable taxes with
respect to the transfer.  Except as otherwise provided by law, the Corporation
shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person in whose name
any share or shares stand on the record of shareholders as the owner of such
shares or shares for all purposes, including, without limitation, the right to
receive dividends or other distributions, and to vote as such owner, and the
Corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or legal claim to or
interest in any such share or shares on the part of any other person.  Whenever
any transfers of shares shall be made for collateral security and not
absolutely, and written notice thereof shall be given to the Secretary or to
such transfer agent or transfer clerk, such facts shall be stated in the entry
of the transfer.

         Section 4. Regulations.  The Board may make such additional rules and
regulations, not inconsistent with applicable law, the Charter or these Bylaws,
as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer, and registration of
certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation.  It may appoint one or
more transfer agents or one or more transfer clerks and one or more registrars,
and may require all certificates for shares of stock to bear the signature or
signatures of any of them.

         Section 5. Lost, Destroyed or Mutilated Certificates.  The holder of
any certificate(s) representing shares of the Corporation shall immediately
notify the Corporation of any loss, destruction or mutilation of such
certificate(s), and the corporation may issue a new certificate or certificates
of stock in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it which the
owner thereof shall allege to have been lost or destroyed or which shall have
been mutilated.  As a condition precedent to the issuance of replacement
certificates, such owner or his legal representative as principal shall give to
the Corporation a bond with "open" (unlimited) penalty and in such form and
with such surety or sureties as the person designated by the Board in his
absolute discretion shall determine to be sufficient to indemnify the
Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the
alleged loss or destruction of any such certificate,




                                      15
<PAGE>   16
need not be called to ratify or reject the selection by the Board of
independent auditors and accountants in the above manner to fill a vacancy
occurring between Annual Meeting as a result of the resignation of said
auditors and accountants.  The employment of such accountants shall be
conditioned upon the right of the Corporation, either by the unanimous vote of
the entire Board of Directors or by vote of a majority of the outstanding
voting securities at any meeting called for the purpose, to terminate such
employment without penalty.  If the selection of accountants shall be rejected
by the Shareholders or their employment be terminated by the Shareholders in
the manner provided above, the vacancy so occurring may be filled by the vote
of a majority of the outstanding voting securities either at the meeting at
which the rejection or termination by the Shareholders occurred or, if not so
filled, at a subsequent meeting which shall be called for the purpose.

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                   AMENDMENTS

         These Bylaws may be amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new
Bylaws may be adopted, by the Board of Directors at any meeting thereof by vote
of a majority of the entire Board, unless a greater affirmative vote is
required by the Charter; provided, however, that notice of such meeting shall
have been given as provided in these Bylaws, which notice shall mention that
amendment or repeal of the Bylaws, or the adoption of new Bylaws, is one of the
purposes of the meeting.  Any such Bylaws adopted by the Board may be amended
or repealed, or new Bylaws may be adopted by vote of the shareholders of the
Corporation, at any annual or special meeting thereof; provided, however, that
notice of such meeting shall have been given as provided in these Bylaws, which
notice shall mention that amendment or repeal of these Bylaws, or the adoption
of new Bylaws, is one of the purposes of such meeting.

                                  ARTICLE XII

                     SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED

                               AT ANNUAL MEETINGS

         Any proposal of a shareholder which is to be presented at any annual
meeting of shareholders shall be sent so as to be received by the Corporation
at its principal offices not less than one hundred twenty (120) days in advance
of the date of the Corporation's proxy statement issued in connection with the
previous year's annual meeting of shareholders.


Updated January 20, 1994




                                      18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANATERS COMP. OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      Exhibit 11
                                                                        Page 1


                           Union Planters Corporation
                       Computation of Earnings per Share


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      Years Ended December 31        
                                                            -----------------------------------------
                                                            1993              1992               1991
                                                             ----              ----               ----
                                                              (Dollars in thousands, except share and
                                                                           per share data)
Primary Earnings Per Share
- --------------------------


Computation for Statement of Earnings
- -------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>            <C>
Reconciliation of earnings to amounts used
  for primary earnings per share:
          Net earnings                                       $    63,063     $    41,439    $    27,508
          Less:  Preferred stock dividends
          Series B                                                  (352)           (352)          (352)
          Series C                                                (1,790)         (1,790)          (661)
          Series D                                                  (494)           (247)             -
          Series E                                                (5,832)         (3,777)             -
                                                             -----------     -----------    -----------
     Net earnings applicable to primary
       earnings per share                                    $    54,595     $    35,273    $    26,495
                                                             ===========     ===========    ===========


Reconciliation of weighted average number of
     shares to amount used in primary earnings
     per share computation:
          Average shares outstanding                          19,434,536      16,618,751     16,564,094
     Average common equivalent shares:
          Assumed exercise of options                            187,286         145,851         67,963
                                                             -----------     -----------     ----------
          Primary average shares outstanding                  19,621,822      16,764,602     16,632,057
                                                             ===========     ===========     ==========

Primary earnings per share                                         $2.78           $2.10          $1.59
                                                                   =====           =====          =====
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   2
                                                                      Exhibit 11
                                                                        Page 2


                           Union Planters Corporation
                       Computation of Earnings per Share


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Years Ended December 31        
                                                               -----------------------------------------
                                                               1993              1992               1991
                                                               ----              ----               ----
                                                                (Dollars in thousands, except share and
                                                                            per share data)

Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share
- --------------------------------


Computation for Statement of Earnings
- -------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>               <C>
Earnings used for fully diluted earnings
  per share:
          Net earnings                                         $    63,063      $    41,439       $   27,508
          Less:  Preferred stock dividends                                     
                 Series C                                           (1,790)          (1,790)            (661)
                                                               -----------      -----------       ---------- 
          Net earnings applicable to fully
            diluted earnings per share                         $    61,273      $    39,649       $   26,847
                                                               ===========      ===========       ==========



Reconciliation of weighted average number of
     shares to amount used in fully diluted
     earnings per share computation:
          Average shares outstanding                            19,434,536       16,618,751       16,564,094
          Average common equivalent shares:
            Assumed exercise of options                            205,365          163,420           81,720
            Assumed conversion of preferred stock:
               Series B                                            339,768          339,768          339,768
               Series D                                            235,655          127,521                -
               Series E                                          3,618,515        2,359,290                -
                                                               -----------       ----------       ----------
            Fully diluted average shares
               outstanding                                      23,851,839       19,608,750       16,985,582
                                                               ===========       ==========       ==========


Fully diluted earnings per share                                     $2.57            $2.02            $1.58
                                                                     =====            =====            =====
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT TO SECURITY HOLDERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                                     [Logo]
 
                                     UNION
                                    PLANTERS
                                  CORPORATION
                                      1993
                                     ANNUAL
                                     REPORT
<PAGE>   2






                                    (MAP)










<PAGE>   3
 
                              FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         DECEMBER 31,                             1993        1992     % CHANGE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                       PER SHARE DATA)
FOR THE YEAR
  Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting changes    $   61,268  $   41,439    47.9%
  Extraordinary item, net of taxes                                 (3,206)         --
  Accounting changes, net of taxes                                  5,001          --
  Net earnings                                                     63,063      41,439    52.2
PER COMMON SHARE
  Primary
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting changes  $     2.69  $     2.10    28.1%
    Extraordinary item, net of taxes                                 (.16)         --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes                                  .25          --
    Net earnings                                                     2.78        2.10    32.4
  Fully diluted
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting changes        2.49        2.02    23.3
    Extraordinary item, net of taxes                                 (.13)         --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes                                  .21          --
    Net earnings                                                     2.57        2.02    27.2
  Cash dividends                                                      .72         .60    20.0
  Book value                                                        18.96       16.34    16.0
  Book value -- assuming conversion of convertible preferred
    stock                                                           19.06       16.84    13.2
AT YEAR END
  Assets                                                       $6,318,186  $5,262,184    20.1%
  Earning assets                                                5,841,599   4,807,627    21.5
  Loans, net of unearned income                                 2,935,215   2,231,839    31.5
  Allowance for losses on loans                                    80,442      64,290    25.1
  Deposits                                                      5,251,366   4,450,176    18.0
  Shareholders' equity                                            477,300     356,211    34.0
RATIOS
  Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting changes
    Return on average assets                                          .98%        .87%
    Return on average common equity                                 15.18       13.65
  Net earnings
    Return on average assets                                         1.01         .87
    Return on average common equity                                 15.70       13.65
  Net interest income (taxable-equivalent) as a percentage of
    average earning assets                                           4.34        4.61
  Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of loans             2.74        2.88
  Nonperforming loans as a percentage of loans                        .76        1.70
  Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and foreclosed
    properties                                                        .92        1.99
  Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of
    nonperforming loans                                            362.83      168.97
  Shareholders' equity to assets                                     7.55        6.77
  Tier 1 capital to assets                                           7.10        6.85
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                    CONTENTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                        ----
<S>                                                                                     <C>
Letter to Shareholders................................................................     2
Consolidated Financial Statements.....................................................     4
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements............................................     8
Report of Management..................................................................    34
Report of Independent Accountants.....................................................    34
Selected Financial Data...............................................................    35
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
  Condition...........................................................................    36
Financial Tables......................................................................    49
Selected Quarterly Data...............................................................    57
Communities Served....................................................................    59
Executive Officers and Directors......................................................    60
</TABLE>
 
                                        1
<PAGE>   4
 
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 
                               FINANCIAL RESULTS
 
     We are very pleased to report record earnings for 1993 of $63.1 million, or
$2.57 fully diluted earnings per share, compared to $41.4 million in 1992, or
fully diluted earnings per share of $2.02. Our 1993 results include a net
benefit of $.08 per share from accounting changes and an extraordinary item.
 
     For the year our return on average assets improved to 1.01% versus .87% in
1992 and our return on average common equity improved to 15.70% versus 13.65%.
 
     Our lead bank, Union Planters National Bank which will celebrate its 125th
anniversary this year, earned a record $35.6 million compared to $27.1 million
in 1992. The return on average assets for the year was 1.07%. Earnings benefited
from a decline in the provision for losses on loans as the Bank's asset quality
continued to improve. Our number of community banks increased from 20 to 31 in
1993 and the combined earnings of the group was $30.2 million compared to $24.2
million in the prior year. The return on average assets for the group was 1.01%.
 
     Earnings also benefited from the absence of additional provisions for
litigation settlements and reduced legal expenses as most of the litigation
claims from the late 80's have been resolved.
 
     At year end total assets were $6.3 billion compared to $5.3 billion a year
ago. Total loans were $2.9 billion versus $2.2 billion and total deposits were
$5.3 billion versus $4.5 billion. Total shareholders' equity at year end was
$477 million compared to $356 million at the end of 1992. Our equity to assets
ratio increased to 7.55% compared to 6.77% a year ago. We are in the
"well-capitalized" (the highest rating accorded) category according to all
regulatory definitions.
 
                                 ASSET QUALITY
 
     Asset quality measures for the Corporation are very strong. At year end
nonperforming assets had declined to $27 million, down from $45 million at year
end 1992. Nonperforming assets represented only .92% of total loans and
foreclosed properties at year end compared to 1.99% a year ago. Our allowance
for losses on loans at year end was $80.4 million compared to $64.3 million a
year ago. At year end reserve coverage of nonperforming loans was approximately
360%.
 
                                  ACQUISITIONS
 
     Growth through acquisition continues to be an integral part of the
Corporation's strategic plan. Since 1986 the Corporation has pursued a community
bank acquisition strategy focused on well-managed community banks with
significant market share in their local markets and a strategic fit with our
existing operations.
 
     During 1993 we completed twelve acquisitions, assigning eleven of these to
our Community Bank Group and merging one of them into Union Planters National
Bank. Those joining the Community Bank Group were Bank of East Tennessee in
Morristown, Tennessee; SaveTrust Federal Savings Bank in Dyersburg, Tennessee;
Security Trust Savings & Loan Association in Knoxville, Tennessee; First Federal
Savings Bank in Maryville, Tennessee; First State Bancshares, Inc. in
Somerville, Tennessee; Farmers Union Bank in Ripley, Tennessee; Garrett
Banchares, Inc. in Goodlettsville, Tennessee; Erin Bank & Trust Company in Erin,
Tennessee; Hogue Holding Company, Inc. in Weiner, Arkansas; Central State
Bancorp, Inc. in Lexington, Tennessee; and First Financial Services, Inc. in
Brownsville, Tennessee. Merging into Union Planters National Bank were First
Cumberland Bank in Madison, Tennessee and the Knoxville offices of Bank of East
Tennessee.
 
     Since year end we have completed three acquisitions: (1) Mid-South Bancorp,
Inc., the parent company of Simpson County Bank in Franklin, Kentucky;
Adairville Banking Company in Adairville, Kentucky; The Peoples Bank of Elk
Valley in Fayetteville, Tennessee; and First Citizens Bank in Franklin,
Tennessee; (2) First National Bancorp of Shelbyville, Inc., in Shelbyville,
Tennessee; and (3) Anderson County Bank in Clinton, Tennessee. These
acquisitions have increased the Corporation's assets approximately $370 million.
 
     We currently have five pending acquisitions, all of which should be
completed this year. Generally, markets in the Mid-South and Southeast where we
currently operate are our primary areas of interest.
 
     Our approach of retaining the community name of these banks and holding the
presidents and local boards of each bank accountable for their results has
served us well. We have prudently balanced a centralized loan review and audit
process with the need for customer decisions to be made in the local market.
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   5
 
                                  NEW CHARTERS
 
     In November of 1993, the Board of Directors updated the three year
strategic plan for the Corporation. As part of the plan, the Board approved the
chartering of new banks in Chattanooga, Jackson, Knoxville, and Nashville,
Tennessee. UPC currently has operations in each of these markets. All loans,
deposits, and facilities in these markets, which are either a part of the branch
system of Union Planters National Bank or one of the community banks, will be
transferred to the newly chartered banks. These new banks will be no different,
except perhaps as to size, than any of UPC's other subsidiary banks. Each will
focus on its local market and have its own Board of Directors and management
structure. This organization change will carry less overhead than a statewide
community bank structure and a parallel statewide structure within Union
Planters National Bank. The primary reason for chartering the new banks was not
for cost benefits; however, but to maximize profits by providing better
community and customer focus. As a consequence of this change and the additional
board and committee meetings involved for the new banks, several of UPC's
directors will not stand for re-election to the corporate board, but will
instead serve on the Union Planters National Bank in Memphis Board and/or one or
more of the newly formed bank boards.
 
                           INCREASED COMMON DIVIDEND
 
     On January 20, 1994, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly common
dividend of $.21 per share on Union Planters Common Stock outstanding, an
increase of 16.7% over the previous quarterly dividend of $.18 per share. We are
pleased to have had the opportunity to increase the dividend again this year.
 
                                OUTLOOK FOR 1994
 
     The last three years have been very rewarding for the banking industry and
for Union Planters as the improving economy has helped asset quality and the
falling interest rate environment has helped net interest income. Banks in
general have enjoyed very high profitability levels and significant earnings
growth. We expect asset quality trends to continue to be favorable in 1994, but
margin trends are likely to be unfavorable for the industry. While we anticipate
that 1994 will be another year of solid earnings for the industry, growth in
earnings will likely be at a much slower rate. To offset net interest margin
trends, we will be focusing on increasing our loan volume, opportunities to
improve noninterest income, and controlling operating expenses. Throughout the
organization, we will be emphasizing quality service and more effective selling
to our existing customer base. The chartering of new banks in Chattanooga,
Jackson, Knoxville, and Nashville and the conversion of all banks to a common
data processing system should be completed during 1994. The former should
provide a larger revenue stream through greater customer and market focus, while
the latter should provide significant cost benefits. Taken together, they should
put in place the foundation for further improvement in earnings in the years
ahead.
 
     I encourage you to review the Financial Statements and Management's
Discussion and Analysis for more details on our results and outlook. Thank you
for your continued support.
 
Yours very truly,

/s/ Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.
- ---------------------------- 
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   6
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                                                -------------------------
                                                                                   1993           1992
                                                                                ----------     ----------
<S>                                                                             <C>            <C>
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
ASSETS
  Cash and due from banks.....................................................  $  225,626     $  235,280
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions.........................      26,647         84,204
  Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements
    to resell.................................................................      53,149         92,354
  Trading account securities, at market.......................................     153,482        109,584
  Loans held for resale.......................................................      56,053         91,543
  Investment securities
    Held for sale (Market value: $600,491 and $485,581, respectively).........     595,090        476,664
    Held for investment (Market value: $2,060,769 and $1,753,953,
     respectively)............................................................   2,021,963      1,721,439
  Loans.......................................................................   2,951,885      2,247,354
      Less: Unearned income...................................................     (16,670)       (15,515)
          Allowance for losses on loans.......................................     (80,442)       (64,290)
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         Net loans............................................................   2,854,773      2,167,549
  Premises and equipment......................................................     135,511         99,728
  Accrued interest receivable.................................................      49,953         43,765
  Goodwill and other intangibles..............................................      40,794         32,638
  Other assets................................................................     105,145        107,436
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         TOTAL ASSETS.........................................................  $6,318,186     $5,262,184
                                                                                ----------     ----------
                                                                                ----------     ----------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Deposits
    Noninterest-bearing.......................................................  $  750,093     $  627,019
    Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over..............................     334,173        281,120
    Other interest-bearing....................................................   4,167,100      3,542,037
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         Total deposits.......................................................   5,251,366      4,450,176
  Short-term borrowings.......................................................     244,995        296,312
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances.............................................     157,954             --
  Long-term debt..............................................................     117,276         77,156
  Accrued interest, expenses, and taxes.......................................      41,893         45,333
  Other liabilities...........................................................      27,402         36,996
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         TOTAL LIABILITIES....................................................   5,840,886      4,905,973
                                                                                ----------     ----------
  Commitments and contingent liabilities (Notes 7, 15, 17, and 19)............          --             --
  Shareholders' equity
    Preferred stock (Note 10)
      Convertible.............................................................      87,298         64,600
      Nonconvertible..........................................................      17,250         17,250
    Common stock, $5 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 19,656,924
     issued and outstanding (16,788,758 in 1992)..............................      98,285         83,944
    Additional paid-in capital................................................      86,385         60,589
    Retained earnings.........................................................     188,082        129,828
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY...........................................     477,300        356,211
                                                                                ----------     ----------
         TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY...........................  $6,318,186     $5,262,184
                                                                                ----------     ----------
                                                                                ----------     ----------
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   7
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                -------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993            1992            1991
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE
                                                                                   DATA)
<S>                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
INTEREST INCOME
  Interest and fees on loans..................................  $   243,010     $   199,881     $   214,762
  Interest on investment securities
    Taxable...................................................      116,025         106,139          79,253
    Tax-exempt................................................       24,448          16,148          13,354
  Interest on deposits at financial institutions..............        1,634           3,999           7,525
  Interest on federal funds sold and securities purchased
    under agreements to resell................................        4,602           4,280           6,606
  Interest on trading account securities......................        6,194           6,648           5,419
  Interest on loans held for resale...........................        3,239           3,457           4,671
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         Total interest income................................      399,152         340,552         331,590
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
INTEREST EXPENSE
  Interest on deposits........................................      146,800         137,605         160,252
  Interest on short-term borrowings...........................        6,287           6,942          12,809
  Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank advances and long-term
    debt......................................................       11,460           4,868           4,974
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         Total interest expense...............................      164,547         149,415         178,035
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         NET INTEREST INCOME..................................      234,605         191,137         153,555
PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON LOANS.................................        9,689          18,557          24,835
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON
           LOANS..............................................      224,916         172,580         128,720
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
NONINTEREST INCOME
  Service charges on deposit accounts.........................       28,721          20,843          19,394
  Profits and commissions from trading activities.............        8,720          10,168          14,707
  Investment securities gains.................................        4,581          13,246           3,344
  Other income................................................       42,777          39,016          32,165
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         Total noninterest income.............................       84,799          83,273          69,610
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
NONINTEREST EXPENSE
  Salaries and employee benefits..............................       98,920          74,772          69,756
  Net occupancy expense.......................................       15,909          13,136          10,556
  Equipment expense...........................................       15,735          12,225          10,627
  Other expense...............................................       93,916          99,085          73,832
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         Total noninterest expense............................      224,480         199,218         164,771
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY
           ITEM, AND ACCOUNTING CHANGES.......................       85,235          56,635          33,559
Applicable income taxes.......................................       23,967          15,196           6,051
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         EARNINGS BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM AND ACCOUNTING
           CHANGES............................................       61,268          41,439          27,508
Extraordinary item --defeasance of debt, net of taxes.........       (3,206)             --              --
Accounting changes, net of taxes..............................        5,001              --              --
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         NET EARNINGS.........................................  $    63,063     $    41,439     $    27,508
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
  PRIMARY
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes.................................................  $      2.69     $      2.10     $      1.59
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of taxes....         (.16)             --              --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes..........................          .25              --              --
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         NET EARNINGS.........................................  $      2.78     $      2.10     $      1.59
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
  FULLY DILUTED
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes.................................................  $      2.49     $      2.02     $      1.58
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of taxes....         (.13)             --              --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes..........................          .21              --              --
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
         NET EARNINGS.........................................  $      2.57     $      2.02     $      1.58
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                                -----------     -----------     -----------
AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING
  Primary.....................................................   19,621,822      16,764,602      16,632,057
  Fully diluted...............................................   23,851,839      19,608,750      16,985,582
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   8
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             ADDITIONAL
                                                       PREFERRED   COMMON     PAID-IN     RETAINED
                                                         STOCK      STOCK     CAPITAL     EARNINGS     TOTAL
                                                       ---------   -------   ----------   --------   ---------
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>
                                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 1991.............................. $  4,400    $85,456    $ 61,002    $ 86,177   $237,035
  Net earnings........................................       --         --          --      27,508     27,508
  Cash dividends                                                           
    Common, $.48 per share............................       --         --          --      (7,985)    (7,985)
    Series B Preferred, $8.00 per share...............       --         --          --        (352)      (352)
    Series C Preferred, $ .96 per share...............       --         --          --        (661)      (661)
  Purchase and retirement of 713,000 common shares....       --     (3,565)     (2,538)       (670)    (6,773)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit plans
    and dividend reinvestment plan, net of shares
    repurchased.......................................       --        744       1,012        (940)       816
  Sale of 690,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock,                        
    net of issuance costs.............................   17,250         --        (840)         --     16,410
  Net change in unrealized depreciation on marketable                        
    equity securities.................................       --         --          --       3,448      3,448
                                                       ---------    -------  ----------   --------   ---------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1991............................   21,650     82,635      58,636     106,525    269,446
  Net earnings........................................       --         --          --      41,439     41,439
  Cash dividends                                                             
    Common, $.60 per share............................       --         --          --      (9,965)    (9,965)
    Series B Preferred,                                                      
                        $8.00 per share...............       --         --          --        (352)      (352)
    Series C Preferred,                                                      
                        $2.59 per share...............       --         --          --      (1,790)    (1,790)
    Series D Preferred,                                                      
                        $ .97 per share...............       --         --          --        (247)      (247)
    Series E Preferred,                                                      
                        $1.72 per share...............       --         --          --      (3,777)    (3,777)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit plans                          
    and dividend reinvestment plan, net of shares                            
    repurchased.......................................       --      1,309       4,603      (2,550)     3,362
  Sale of 2,200,000 shares of Series E Preferred                             
    Stock, net of issuance costs......................   55,000         --      (2,650)         --     52,350
  Issuance of 253,655 shares of Series D Preferred                           
    Stock for the purchase of Southeastern Bancshares,                       
    Inc...............................................    5,200         --          --          --      5,200
  Net change in unrealized depreciation on marketable                        
    equity securities.................................       --         --          --         545        545
                                                       ---------    -------  ----------   --------   ---------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1992............................   81,850     83,944      60,589     129,828    356,211
  Net earnings........................................       --         --          --      63,063     63,063
  Cash dividends                                                             
    Common, $.72 per share............................       --         --          --     (13,015)   (13,015)
    Series B Preferred,                                                      
                        $8.00 per share...............       --         --          --        (352)      (352)
    Series C Preferred,                                                      
                        $2.59 per share...............       --         --          --      (1,790)    (1,790)
    Series D Preferred,                                                      
                        $1.95 per share...............       --         --          --        (494)      (494)
    Series E Preferred,                                                      
                        $2.00 per share...............       --         --          --      (5,832)    (5,832)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit plans                          
    and dividend reinvestment plan, net of shares                            
    repurchased.......................................       --      1,208       5,633      (1,949)     4,892
  Issuance of 2,000,785 shares of Common Stock for                           
    acquisitions (Note 2).............................       --     10,004       2,318      18,296     30,618
  Issuance of 908,522 shares of Series E Preferred                           
    Stock for acquisitions, net of issuance costs of                         
    $140,000 (Note 2).................................   22,713         --       7,274          --     29,987
  Issuance of 625,000 shares of Common Stock related                         
    to the conversion/acquisition of First Federal                           
    Savings Bank of Maryville, net of issuance costs                         
    of $564,000 (Note 2)..............................       --      3,125      10,561          --     13,686
  Net change in unrealized depreciation on marketable                        
    equity securities.................................       --         --          --         272        272
  Other...............................................      (15)         4          10          55         54
                                                       ---------   --------  ----------   --------   ---------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1993............................ $104,548    $98,285    $ 86,385    $188,082   $477,300
                                                       ---------   --------  ----------   --------   ---------
                                                       ---------   --------  ----------   --------   ---------
</TABLE>                                                           
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   9
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                     -------------------------------------
                                                                        1993          1992         1991
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
<S>                                                                  <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                                            (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings.....................................................  $    63,063   $    41,439   $  27,508
  Reconciliation of net earnings to net cash provided by operating
    activities
      Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of taxes........       (5,001)           --          --
      Provision for losses on loans and other real estate..........       11,394        21,322      26,133
      Depreciation and amortization................................       12,484         9,978       8,297
      Amortization and write-off of intangibles....................       10,517        16,422       6,272
      Provisions for abandoned property............................           --         5,200       1,643
      Provisions for litigation settlements........................           --         9,000       7,600
      Provisions for conversion of data processing systems.........        4,424            --          --
      Net amortization (accretion) of investment securities........        6,722         3,808      (2,444)
      Net realized gains on sale of investment securities..........       (4,581)      (13,246)     (4,947)
      Write-downs of investment securities.........................           --            --       1,603
      Proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities
         held for sale.............................................      794,918       350,795          --
      Purchases of investment securities held for sale.............     (594,583)     (128,885)         --
      Deferred income tax benefit..................................         (684)       (7,349)     (3,750)
      (Increase) decrease in assets
         Trading account securities and loans held for
           resale..................................................       (8,408)      (78,599)    (68,604)
         Accrued interest receivable and other assets..............       38,421           705      68,221
      Decrease in accrued interest, expenses, taxes, and other
         liabilities...............................................      (44,144)      (19,236)    (41,106)
      Other, net...................................................        1,079         1,717         390
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
         Net cash provided by operating activities.................      285,621       213,071      26,816
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments................       74,515        51,102     (39,185)
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities.....................           --        76,218     231,891
  Proceeds from maturities of investment securities................    1,025,889       455,381     244,049
  Purchases of investment securities...............................   (1,228,343)   (1,507,454)   (463,675)
  Net decrease (increase) in loans.................................      (71,657)      244,175     176,792
  Net cash received from purchases of financial
    institutions (Note 2)..........................................       72,121       568,758          --
  Purchases of premises and equipment, net.........................      (21,077)      (16,416)    (29,802)
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
         Net cash provided (used) by investing activities..........     (148,552)     (128,236)    120,070
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net decrease in deposits.........................................     (310,454)     (218,197)   (130,579)
  Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings.................      (63,605)       98,441     (80,499)
  Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances and long-term debt,
    net............................................................      234,061        38,850       3,000
  Repayment and defeasance of long-term debt.......................      (42,615)       (5,179)     (9,680)
  Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net...................           --        52,350      16,410
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net......................       19,611         7,673       3,275
  Purchase and retirement of common stock, net.....................       (1,786)       (4,311)     (9,232)
  Cash dividends paid..............................................      (21,180)      (15,315)     (8,657)
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
         Net cash used by financing activities.....................     (185,968)      (45,688)   (215,962)
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents...............      (48,899)       39,147     (69,076)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period...........      327,634       288,487     357,563
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period.................  $   278,735   $   327,634   $ 288,487
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
                                                                     -----------   -----------   ---------
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
  Cash paid for
      Interest.....................................................  $   163,934   $   150,947   $ 179,017
      Taxes........................................................       23,308        20,863      12,168
  Loans transferred to other real estate through foreclosure.......        7,290         6,178      15,985
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   10
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
     The accounting and reporting policies of Union Planters Corporation (the
Corporation) and its subsidiaries conform with generally accepted accounting
principles and general practices within the financial services industry. The
following is a summary of the more significant accounting policies of the
Corporation.
 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION.  The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries after elimination of
significant intercompany accounts and transactions. The Corporation's principal
subsidiary is Union Planters National Bank (UPNB).
 
BASIS OF PRESENTATION.  Prior period financial statements are restated to
include the accounts of material acquisitions accounted for using the pooling of
interests method of accounting. Business combinations accounted for as purchases
are included in the consolidated financial statements from the respective dates
of acquisition. Assets and liabilities of banks accounted for as purchases are
adjusted to their fair market values at the dates of acquisition. Certain 1991
and 1992 amounts have been reclassified to conform with 1993 financial reporting
presentation.
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS.  Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from
banks and federal funds sold. Federal funds sold in the amounts of $53,109,000,
$92,354,000, and $59,570,000 at December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively,
are included in cash and cash equivalents.
 
TRADING ACCOUNT SECURITIES.  Trading account securities are stated at market and
consist primarily of securities backed by the government-guaranteed portion of
Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. Gains and losses on sales and market
value adjustments related to these securities are included in profits and
commissions from trading activities.
 
INVESTMENT SECURITIES
 
HELD FOR SALE.  Investment securities held for sale consist of both debt and
equity securities that may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of,
changes in interest rates, prepayment risk, liquidity considerations, and other
factors. These securities are carried at the lower of aggregate cost, adjusted
for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, or market value
(LOCOM). Unrealized net valuation adjustments, if any, are included in
investment securities gains and losses.
 
HELD FOR INVESTMENT.  Investment securities carried at amortized cost consist of
securities which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity.
These securities are stated at cost, adjusted for amortization of premium and
accretion of discount, which are recognized as adjustments to interest income.
Gains and losses on securities are recorded when realized on a specific identity
basis or when, in the opinion of management, an unrealized loss is other than
temporary in nature.
     All investment securities transactions are recorded using a method which
approximates trade-date accounting. Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (CMO)
and Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) represent a significant portion of the
investment securities portfolio. Premiums and discounts on CMO and MBS are
analyzed in relation to the corresponding prepayments rate, both historical and
estimated, using a method which approximates the effective yield method.
     Effective January 1, 1994, the Corporation adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities". This statement requires that securities be classified as
either held to maturity securities, which are reported at amortized cost;
trading securities, which are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and
losses included in earnings; or available for sale securities, which are
reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings
and reported as a separate component of shareholders' equity.
     In connection with the adoption of this statement, the Corporation
transferred all of the securities currently in the held for investment category,
except for obligations of states and political subdivisions, to the available
for sale category. Had SFAS No. 115 been adopted at December 31, 1993,
shareholders' equity would have increased by approximately $11.0 million. There
was no impact on earnings upon the adoption of this statement.
 
LOANS.  Loans are stated at the principal amount outstanding except for loans
held for resale which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Interest income
on loans is accrued using constant yield methods, except for unearned income
which is recorded as income using a method which approxi-
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   11
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
mates the interest method. Loan origination fees and direct loan origination
costs are deferred and recognized over the life of the related loans as
adjustments to interest income.
 
NONPERFORMING LOANS.  Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and
renegotiated loans which have been restructured in accordance with the criteria
set forth in SFAS No. 15 "Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt
Restructurings". Loans, other than installment and mortgage loans, are generally
placed on nonaccrual status and interest is not recorded if, in management's
opinion, payment in full of principal or interest is not expected or when
payment of principal or interest is more than 90 days past due, unless it is
both well-secured and in the process of collection. Upon adverse change in the
account status (e.g., loan is past due, filing of bankruptcy or wage earner,
repossession of collateral, foreclosure, or death of the borrower), installment
and mortgage loans (including accrued interest) are written down to the net
realizable value of the underlying collateral. Such loans are reviewed
periodically for further write-downs until fully liquidated. Income recognized
on revolving credit loans is discontinued upon adverse change, and the loans are
fully charged off if no payment is received in 180 days.
 
ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS.  The allowance for losses on loans represents
management's estimate of potential losses inherent in the existing loan
portfolio. The allowance for losses on loans is increased by the provision for
losses on loans charged to expense and reduced by loans charged off, net of
recoveries. The provision for losses on loans is determined based on
management's assessment of several factors: current and anticipated economic
conditions and the related impact on specific borrowers and industry groups,
historical loan loss experience, the level of classified and nonperforming
loans, reviews and evaluations of specific loans, changes in the nature and
volume of the loan portfolio, and the results of regulatory examinations.
 
PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT.  Premises and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation provisions are computed
using the straight-line method and are charged to operating expense over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using
the straight-line method over the shorter of the initial term of the respective
lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement.
     Costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized. Interest expense
incurred on funds expended on major construction projects is capitalized as a
cost of such projects during the construction period. Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
 
GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES.  The unamortized costs in excess of the fair
market value of acquired net tangible assets are included in goodwill and other
intangibles. Identifiable intangibles, including premiums on purchased deposits
and assets, are amortized over the estimated periods benefited. The remaining
costs (goodwill) are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years.
For acquisitions where the fair market value of net assets acquired exceeds the
purchase price, the resulting negative goodwill is allocated proportionally to
noncurrent, nonmonetary assets.
 
MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS.  Mortgage servicing rights represent the cost of
mortgage servicing purchased from others. These costs are amortized in
proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income based on
the historical and projected prepayments of the underlying loans. At December
31, 1993 and 1992, mortgage servicing rights were $3,563,000 and $4,892,000,
respectively.
 
OTHER REAL ESTATE.  Property acquired through foreclosure is stated at the lower
of the recorded amount of the loan or the estimated net realizable value,
reduced by estimated selling costs. When a reduction of the recorded amount to
the net realizable value is required at the time of foreclosure, the difference
is charged to the allowance for losses on loans. Any subsequent reduction is
charged to other real estate expense, and a valuation reserve is established for
the potential declines in appraised values. Other real estate is recorded net of
the valuation reserve. Revenues and expenses associated with operating or
disposing of other real estate are recorded in the period in which they are
incurred. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, other real estate totaled $4,358,000
and $6,326,000, respectively.
 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  The Corporation sponsors two qualified employee benefit
plans for substantially all employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
One is a 401K plan with matching employer contributions based on length of
service. Employer contributions, provided through a Flexible Benefits Plan, may
also be directed to the 401K plan at the election of the employee. The second is
a noncontributory employee stock ownership plan, which is funded by
discretionary employer contributions approved by the Board of Directors. All
costs of the plans are expensed as incurred.
 
                                        9
<PAGE>   12
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted the provisions of SFAS
No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions"
and SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits". These
standards require that the expected costs of postretirement and postemployment
benefits be charged to expense during the years that the employee renders
service which is a change from the previous policy of recognizing these costs on
a cash basis. The Corporation elected to recognize the accumulated
postretirement and postemployment benefit obligation upon adoption which
approximated $8.3 million ($5.1 million after tax) and $1.3 million ($807,000
after tax), respectively.
 
INCOME TAXES.  The Corporation files a consolidated federal income tax return
with its subsidiaries, with the exception of credit life insurance subsidiaries
which file separate returns. State income taxes are computed on either a
separate company basis or consolidated basis depending upon state laws. The
Corporation and its subsidiaries file a consolidated state return for all
business in the state of Tennessee.
     Income tax expense is based on income reported for financial accounting
purposes, and includes deferred taxes resulting from the recognition of certain
transactions in different periods for tax reporting purposes in accordance with
SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted the provisions of SFAS
No. 109 and recorded the cumulative effect of the accounting change of $10.9
million.
 
INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENTS.  Interest rate swap agreements are used as part
of the Corporation's interest rate risk management strategy by hedging
on-balance-sheet financial instruments. To qualify as a hedge the following
criteria must be met: (i) the asset or liability to be hedged exposes the
institution, as a whole, to interest rate risk; (ii) the interest rate swap acts
to reduce the interest rate risk by moving the institution closer to being
insensitive to interest rate changes; and (iii) the interest rate swap is
designated and effective as a hedge. Fees related to swap agreements are
amortized on the interest method over the life of the swap. If the instrument
being hedged is disposed of, the swap agreement is marked to market with any
resulting gain or loss included in the determination of the gain or loss from
the disposition. If the interest rate swap agreement is terminated, the gain or
loss is deferred and amortized over the remaining life of the specific hedged
asset or liability.
 
EARNINGS PER SHARE.  Primary earnings per common share are adjusted for all
preferred stock dividends. Primary earnings per common share is computed based
on the weighted average common shares outstanding and common stock equivalents
arising from the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options, unless their
effect would be antidilutive. Fully diluted earnings per common share is
computed using the weighted average common shares and equivalents. Common stock
equivalents are increased by the assumed conversion of convertible preferred
stock into common stock as if converted at the beginning of the period, unless
the effect would be antidilutive. Earnings for fully diluted earnings per common
share are adjusted for preferred stock dividends on nonconvertible preferred
stock.
 
NOTE 2.  MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS
 
CONSUMMATED ACQUISITIONS
 
  Poolings of Interests
 
     During 1993, the Corporation consummated four acquisitions which were
accounted for using the pooling of interests method of accounting. The table
below summarizes the acquisitions.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          TOTAL EQUITY
                                                  DATE      SHARES     TOTAL ASSETS AT         AT
                  INSTITUTION                   ACQUIRED    ISSUED     JANUARY 1, 1993   JANUARY 1, 1993
- ----------------------------------------------- --------   ---------   ---------------   ---------------
<S>                                             <C>        <C>         <C>               <C>
                                                                             (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
Garrett Bancshares, Inc. (GBI).................  5/31/93     613,088            $173.7             $ 4.8
Hogue Holding Company, Inc. (HHC)..............   9/1/93     219,274              38.5               4.4
Central State Bancorp, Inc. (CSB)..............   9/1/93     630,355             107.8              10.7
First Financial Services, Inc. (FFS)...........  10/1/93     447,906              86.0               8.4
                                                           ---------   ---------------   ---------------
                                                           1,910,623            $406.0             $28.3
                                                           ---------   ---------------   ---------------
                                                           ---------   ---------------   ---------------
</TABLE>
 
     The consolidated financial statements for 1993 include the results of
operations of the above entities. Prior year amounts have not been restated due
to immateriality. Eliminations have been made
 
                                       10
<PAGE>   13
 
NOTE 2.  MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
for material intercompany transactions with the pooled companies. During 1993,
the above pooled institutions contributed approximately $10.1 million, $1.5
million, and $2.1 million to net interest income, noninterest income and net
earnings, respectively, of the Corporation through their respective dates of
acquisition.
     On January 1, 1994, the Corporation consummated the acquisition of
Mid-South Bancorp, Inc. (MSB), the parent company of Simpson County Bank in
Franklin, Kentucky; Adairville Banking Company in Adairville, Kentucky; General
Trust Company in Nashville, Tennessee; The Peoples Bank of Elk Valley in
Fayetteville, Tennessee; and First Citizens Bank in Franklin, Columbia, and Mt.
Pleasant, Tennessee. The Corporation issued 839,542 shares of its Common Stock
in this transaction which was accounted for as a pooling of interests. MSB had
total assets and total shareholders' equity of $185 million and $12 million,
respectively, at December 31, 1993. Prior period financial statements have not
been restated for this acquisition due to immateriality.
 
  Purchase Acquisitions
 
     The Corporation acquired four institutions in 1992 and eight institutions
in 1993 that were accounted for as purchases. The table below summarizes the
acquisitions:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         TOTAL ASSETS
                                     DATE                       PURCHASE    RESULTING     AT DATE OF
           INSTITUTION             ACQUIRED    CONSIDERATION     PRICE     INTANGIBLES   ACQUISITION
- ---------------------------------  --------   ---------------   --------   -----------   ------------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                <C>        <C>               <C>        <C>           <C>
Metropolitan Federal Savings and
  Loan Association
  (Metropolitan)(a) and (f)......   3/27/92   Cash               $ 16.5       $16.5          $603
Fidelity Bancshares, Inc.
  (Fidelity)(f)..................   3/30/92   Cash                 77.4          --           822
Southeastern Bancshares, Inc.
  (SBI)(b).......................    7/1/92   253,655 Shares        5.2         1.1            77
                                              of Series D
                                              Preferred Stock
Bank of Commerce (BOC)...........   11/1/92   Cash                  9.9         2.1            89
Bank of East Tennessee
  (BOET)(c)......................    1/1/93   648,786 Shares       25.3         7.0           231
                                              of Series E
                                              Preferred Stock
Security Trust Federal Savings
  and Loan Association and
  SaveTrust Federal Savings Bank
  (Security Trust/SaveTrust).....    1/1/93   Cash                 22.0         3.0           261
First Federal Savings Bank
  (Maryville)(d).................   2/26/93   625,000 Shares         NM(d)       --           187
                                              of Common Stock
                                              (Conversion/
                                              Acquisition)
First State Bancshares, Inc.
  (FSB)(e).......................   3/12/93   Cash and Common       3.9          .4            34
                                              Stock (90,162
                                              shares)
First Cumberland Bank............   3/15/93   Cash                   .2          --            20
Farmers Union Bank (Farmers
  Union).........................    4/1/93   Cash                  9.5         4.2            78
Erin Bank & Trust
  Company (Erin).................    6/1/93   259,736 Shares        8.3         2.1            43
                                              of Series E
                                              Preferred Stock
</TABLE>
 
(a) The Corporation, through UPNB, assumed approximately $585 million in insured
    deposit liabilities (including accrued interest payable) of the former
    Metropolitan Federal Savings and Loan Association. The purchase and
    assumption transaction was facilitated through the Resolution Trust
    Corporation (RTC) which declared UPNB the successful bidder. UPNB also
    acquired approximately $82 million in assets and received cash from the RTC
    totaling approximately $487 million.
(b) SBI is the parent company of DeKalb County Bank and Trust Company (DeKalb).
 
(c) The Corporation previously held 17.93% of the common stock of BOET ($3.4
    million). On January 1, 1993, the Corporation purchased an additional 43.93%
    of the common stock of BOET in exchange for the Corporation's Series E
    Preferred Stock
 
                                       11
<PAGE>   14
 
NOTE 2.  MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
    ($11.1 million). Effective May 3, 1993, the Corporation acquired the
    remaining outstanding common stock of BOET in exchange for the Corporation's
    Series E Preferred Stock ($10.8 million).
(d) Maryville was a mutual savings bank which, pursuant to a
    conversion/acquisition, converted to a federal stock charter. All of the
    stock of Maryville was acquired by the Corporation in exchange for a capital
    contribution equalling approximately $14.1 million derived in part from the
    proceeds of a public offering of the Corporation's Common Stock made in
    connection with the conversion/acquisition.
(e) FSB is the parent company of First State Bank of Fayette County
    (Somerville).
(f) Merged into UPNB.
NM -- Not meaningful.
 
     Intangibles are being amortized primarily using the straight line method
over periods ranging from 10 to 15 years. The amortization for the Metropolitan
intangibles was accelerated in both 1992 and 1993 due to unexpected deposit
run-off. The fair market value of the net assets of Fidelity at the date of
acquisition exceeded the purchase price resulting in negative goodwill of
approximately $16 million which was deducted from the noncurrent, nonmonetary
assets (primarily premises and equipment) of Fidelity. The recording of the
acquisition of Maryville resulted in negative goodwill of approximately $9.4
million, $8.1 million of which was deducted from noncurrent, nonmonetary assets
(premises and equipment, fair value adjustment of loans, prepaid software, and
mortgage servicing rights). The remaining negative goodwill of $1.3 million was
recorded in other liabilities and is being accreted over seven years.
 
     The following unaudited pro forma information summarizes the effect of the
above described acquisitions assuming consummation of each transaction on
January 1, 1992. The unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily
representative of the actual results that would have occurred or which may occur
in the future had the transactions been effected on January 1, 1992. The pro
forma information does not include the historical results of Metropolitan since
it was a failed financial institution.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                     -------------------------
                                                                       1993            1992
                                                                     ---------       ---------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS,
                                                                     EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>
Net interest income................................................  $ 237,237       $ 228,412
Provision for losses on loans......................................    (12,508)        (35,642)
Noninterest income.................................................     85,178          96,946
Noninterest expense................................................   (226,917)       (243,462)
                                                                     ---------       ---------
Earnings before income taxes, extraordinary item, and accounting
  changes..........................................................     82,990          46,254
Applicable income taxes............................................    (24,160)        (14,894)
                                                                     ---------       ---------
Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting changes..........     58,830          31,360
Extraordinary item and accounting changes, net of taxes............      1,795              --
                                                                     ---------       ---------
Net earnings.......................................................  $  60,625       $  31,360
                                                                     ---------       ---------
                                                                     ---------       ---------
Earnings per common share before extraordinary item and accounting
  changes
     Primary.......................................................  $    2.53       $    1.32
     Fully diluted.................................................       2.35            1.32*
  Net earnings
     Primary.......................................................       2.62            1.32
     Fully diluted.................................................       2.43            1.32*
</TABLE>
 
* Assumed conversion is antidilutive; therefore, it is not presented.
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   15
 
NOTE 2.  MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
     The following details the net cash received from purchases of financial
institutions:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                              -----------------------------
                                                                 1993              1992
                                                              -----------       -----------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
    <S>                                                       <C>               <C>
    Fair value of assets acquired...........................  $ 1,245,602       $ 1,589,540
    Liabilities assumed.....................................   (1,148,122)       (1,480,572)
    Issuance of Common Stock................................      (30,618)               --
    Issuance of Preferred Stock.............................      (30,127)           (5,200)
    Less previous investment in entities acquired...........       (3,387)           (3,173)
                                                              -----------       -----------
    Cash paid for purchases of other financial
      institutions..........................................       33,348           100,595
    Cash and cash equivalents acquired......................     (105,469)         (669,353)
                                                              -----------       -----------
         Net cash received from purchases of financial
           institutions.....................................  $   (72,121)      $  (568,758)
                                                              -----------       -----------
                                                              -----------       -----------
</TABLE>
 
PENDING ACQUISITIONS
 
     The Corporation has signed definitive agreements pursuant to which it would
acquire the entities listed below, and subject to various approvals and
satisfaction of certain contractual conditions precedent, all are expected to be
consummated in the first half of 1994. The number of shares of Common Stock to
be issued in connection with these acquisitions is subject to change depending
on the price of the Corporation's Common Stock.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                     ANTICIPATED    APPROXIMATE    
                                                                      METHOD OF        TOTAL       
                INSTITUTION                      CONSIDERATION        ACCOUNTING      ASSETS       
- -------------------------------------------  ----------------------  ------------  ------------   
                                                                                   (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                          <C>                     <C>           <C>
Tennessee Bancorp, Inc., Parent Company of   Cash equal to 1.5       Purchase          $  92
  Tennessee National Bank in Columbia,       times net book value
  Tennessee (TBI)                            at closing
First National Bancorp of Shelbyville,       Approximately 975,000   Pooling of          164
  Inc., Parent Company of First National     shares of Common Stock  Interests
  Bank of Shelbyville in Shelbyville,
  Tennessee (FNB)(a)
Clin-Ark Bancshares, Inc., Parent Company    Approximately 227,768   Pooling of           48
  of First National Bank of Clinton in       shares of Common Stock  Interests
  Clinton, Arkansas (CBI)
Anderson County Bank in Clinton, Tennessee   Approximately $2.8      Purchase             19
  (ACB)(a)                                   million in cash
Liberty Bancshares, Inc., Parent Company of  Approximately           Pooling of          170
  Liberty Federal Savings Bank in Paris,     1,322,000 shares of     Interests
  Tennessee (LBI)                            Common Stock
Earle Bankshares, Inc., Parent Company of    Approximately 375,000   Pooling of           40
  First Southern Bank in Earle, Arkansas     shares of Common Stock  Interests
  (EBI)
BANCFIRST Corporation, Parent Company of     Approximately           Pooling of          262
  BANKFIRST Federal Savings Bank in          2,054,000 shares of     Interests
  Decatur, Alabama(b)                        Common Stock
</TABLE>
 
(a) Consummated March 1, 1994.
(b) Signed January 27, 1994.
 
SALES OF BRANCHES
 
     In the third quarter of 1993, the Corporation sold four of the Kentucky
branches (three in Paducah and one in Clinton) of its subsidiary, Security
Trust. The Corporation has also entered into a definitive agreement to sell the
two remaining Kentucky branches of Security Trust. The sales involved
approximately $105 million of deposits, approximately $3 million of loans, and
approximately $1 million of premises and equipment. The transactions are not
considered significant to the Corporation's
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   16
 
NOTE 2.  MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
balance sheet or operating results and are expected to result in a reduction of
Security Trust's goodwill and purchased mortgage servicing rights.
 
NOTE 3. RESTRICTIONS ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS
 
     The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are required to maintain
noninterest-bearing average reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank.
Average balances required to be maintained for such purposes during 1993 and
1992 were $41 million and $33 million, respectively.
 
NOTE 4.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES
 
     The carrying values and market values of investment securities are as
follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                        ------------------------------------------
                                                                        UNREALIZED
                                                         CARRYING    ----------------     MARKET
                                                          VALUE       GAINS    LOSSES     VALUE
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>       <C>      <C>
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
HELD FOR SALE
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities............................  $  110,739   $   514   $    3   $  111,250
  Securities of U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations..............     141,853       694      105      142,442
     Mortgage-backed securities.......................     233,961     3,516       74      237,403
     Other............................................      91,058       823        8       91,873
Other stocks and securities...........................      17,479        88       44       17,523
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total investment securities held for sale......  $  595,090   $ 5,635   $  234   $  600,491
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
HELD FOR INVESTMENT
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities............................  $  693,612   $ 7,222   $  244   $  700,590
  Securities of U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations..............     341,645       767      992      341,420
     Mortgage-backed securities.......................     356,140     4,188      152      360,176
     Other............................................     121,691     1,732       37      123,386
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total U.S. Government obligations..............   1,513,088    13,909    1,425    1,525,572
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
Obligations of states and political subdivisions......     441,509    27,064      845      467,728
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
Other securities
  Federal Reserve Bank/Federal Home Loan
     Bank stock.......................................      25,134        --       --       25,134
  Collateralized mortgage obligations.................      39,036       177      114       39,099
  Other...............................................       3,196        40       --        3,236
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total other securities.........................      67,366       217      114       67,469
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total investment securities held for
          investment..................................  $2,021,963   $41,190   $2,384   $2,060,769
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1992
                                                        ------------------------------------------
                                                                        UNREALIZED
                                                         CARRYING    ----------------     MARKET
                                                          VALUE       GAINS    LOSSES     VALUE
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>       <C>      <C>
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
HELD FOR SALE
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities............................  $   51,196   $   362   $   69   $   51,489
  Securities of U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations..............     108,676     1,642       28      110,290
     Mortgage-backed securities.......................     258,117     7,121       --      265,238
     Other............................................      53,337         4      102       53,239
Other stocks and securities...........................       5,338        --       13        5,325
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total investment securities held for sale......  $  476,664   $ 9,129   $  212   $  485,581
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   17
NOTE 4.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES (CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1992
                                                        ------------------------------------------
                                                                        UNREALIZED
                                                         CARRYING    ----------------     MARKET
                                                          VALUE       GAINS    LOSSES     VALUE
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>       <C>      <C>
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
HELD FOR INVESTMENT
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities............................  $  595,133   $10,323   $   62   $  605,394
  Securities of U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations..............     572,621     5,114      378      577,357
     Mortgage-backed securities.......................     168,650     2,812      131      171,331
     Other............................................      55,242       306       53       55,495
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total U.S. Government obligations..............   1,391,646    18,555      624    1,409,577
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
Obligations of states and political subdivisions......     294,507    15,265      909      308,863
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
Other securities
  Federal Reserve Bank/Federal Home Loan
     Bank stock.......................................      11,680        --       --       11,680
  Collateralized mortgage obligations.................      20,699       299       95       20,903
  Other...............................................       2,907        28        5        2,930
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total other securities.........................      35,286       327      100       35,513
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
       Total investment securities held for
       investment.....................................  $1,721,439   $34,147   $1,633   $1,753,953
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
                                                        ----------   -------   ------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
     For the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, the Corporation has gross
realized gains of $4,953,000 and $13,663,000, respectively, and gross realized
losses of $372,000 and $417,000, respectively.
 
     Investment securities having a carrying value of approximately $591 million
and $505 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, were pledged to
secure public and trust funds on deposit and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase.
 
     During 1993, the Corporation transferred $240 million of securities held
for investment to the held for sale portfolio. The transfers were made because
of regulatory concerns regarding certain securities, the restructure of the
portfolios of certain financial institutions acquired, and in anticipation of
the adoption of SFAS No. 115.
 
     The maturities and weighted yields of investment securities as of December
31, 1993 are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                MATURING
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   AFTER ONE BUT      AFTER FIVE BUT
                                  WITHIN ONE        WITHIN FIVE         WITHIN TEN
                                     YEAR              YEARS               YEARS         AFTER TEN YEARS
                                --------------    ----------------    ---------------    ----------------
                                AMOUNT   YIELD     AMOUNT    YIELD    AMOUNT    YIELD     AMOUNT    YIELD
                                ------   -----    --------   -----    -------   -----    --------   -----
                                             (TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT BASIS/DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                             <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>       <C>      <C>        <C>
HELD FOR SALE
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities..... $1,006   5.86 %   $109,470   4.40 %   $   263   6.40 %   $     --     -- %
  Securities of U.S. Government
     agencies
     Collateralized mortgage
       obligations.............     --     --           --     --          --     --      141,853   4.95
     Mortgage-backed                    
       securities..............     --     --       14,517   8.50      16,018   6.26      203,426   5.22
     Other.....................  6,907   4.24       26,447   5.62       9,161   6.38       48,543   4.50
                                 ------           --------            -------            --------
          Total U.S. Government         
            obligations........  7,913   4.45      150,434   5.01      25,442   6.31      393,822   5.03
Other stocks and securities....    383   3.20           --     --       8,636   6.21        8,460   3.88
                                 ------           --------            -------            --------
          Total investment              
            securities held for         
            sale............... $8,296   4.39 %   $150,434   5.01 %   $34,078   6.28 %   $402,282   5.01 %
                                 ------           --------            -------            --------
                                 ------           --------            -------            --------
</TABLE>                        
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   18
 
NOTE 4.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES (CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      MATURING
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    WITHIN ONE           AFTER ONE BUT        AFTER FIVE BUT
                                       YEAR            WITHIN FIVE YEARS     WITHIN TEN YEARS       AFTER TEN YEARS
                                 -----------------     -----------------     -----------------     -----------------
                                  AMOUNT     YIELD      AMOUNT     YIELD      AMOUNT     YIELD      AMOUNT     YIELD
                                 --------    -----     --------    -----     --------    -----     --------    -----
                                                   (TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT BASIS/DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                              <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>
HELD FOR INVESTMENT
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities...... $238,601     4.99%    $454,511     4.70%    $    500    7.58 %    $     --      -- %
  Securities of U.S. Government
    agencies
    Collateralized mortgage
      obligations...............       --       --       33,209     5.56       67,411    5.26       241,025    5.22
    Mortgage-backed
       securities...............    1,549     4.90       20,344     7.32       10,988    8.46       323,259    4.82
    Other.......................   29,093     4.90       69,363     5.49        6,057    6.75        17,178    4.98
                                 --------              --------              --------              --------
         Total U.S. Government
           obligations..........  269,243     4.98      577,427     4.93       84,956    5.79       581,462    4.99
Obligations of states and
  political subdivisions........   23,493     8.59       94,427     9.86       54,486    9.64       269,103    9.00
Other securities
  Federal Reserve Bank/Federal
    Home Loan Bank stock........       --       --           --       --           --      --        25,134    4.79
  Collateralized mortgage
    obligations.................       68    10.25           27    10.25       27,234    6.27        11,707    7.00
  Other.........................    1,960     6.81          631     6.04          205    8.40           400    9.60
                                 --------              --------              --------              --------
         Total other
           securities...........    2,028     6.93          658     6.22       27,439    6.28        37,241    5.54
                                 --------              --------              --------              --------
         Total investment
           securities at
           amortized cost....... $294,764     5.28%    $672,512     5.63%    $166,881    7.13 %    $887,806    6.23 %
                                 --------              --------              --------              --------
                                 --------              --------              --------              --------
</TABLE>
 
     The weighted average yields are calculated by dividing the sum of the
individual security yield weights (effective yield times book value) by the
total book value of the securities. The taxable-equivalent yield gives effect to
the disallowance of interest expense, for federal income tax purposes, related
to certain tax-free securities. The maturities of mortgage-backed securities and
collateralized mortgage obligations have not been adjusted for prepayments, and
generally represent obligations which are expected to have principal weighted
averages of five years or less or are variable rate instruments.
 
NOTE 5.  LOANS
 
     Loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            DECEMBER 31,
                                                                      -------------------------
                                                                         1993           1992
                                                                      ----------     ----------
                                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                   <C>            <C>
Commercial, financial, and agricultural.............................  $  664,362     $  549,049
Real estate -- construction.........................................      82,971         54,353
Real estate -- mortgage
  Secured by 1-4 family residential.................................   1,022,263        752,405
  Other mortgage....................................................     517,886        386,802
Home equity.........................................................      86,356         83,936
Consumer
  Credit cards and other plans......................................      99,103         71,115
  Other consumer....................................................     450,780        331,451
Foreign government..................................................       2,250          1,750
Direct lease financing..............................................      25,914         16,493
                                                                      ----------     ----------
     Total loans....................................................  $2,951,885     $2,247,354
                                                                      ----------     ----------
                                                                      ----------     ----------
</TABLE>
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   19
 
NOTE 5.  LOANS (CONTINUED)
     Nonperforming loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                           -------------------
                                                                            1993        1992
                                                                           -------     -------
                                                                               (DOLLARS IN
                                                                               THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                        <C>         <C>
Nonaccrual loans.........................................................  $14,646     $36,698
Restructured loans.......................................................    7,525       1,351
                                                                           -------     -------
     Total...............................................................  $22,171     $38,049
                                                                           -------     -------
                                                                           -------     -------
</TABLE>
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1992, UPNB consummated the restructuring of a
troubled loan to another financial institution. UPNB had previously received
certain notes, equity securities, and other rights from the borrower in exchange
for a nonaccrual and partially charged-off loan. Subsequently, UPNB liquidated
the notes and equity securities and exercised contractual rights which resulted
in a recovery of $7 million in principal previously charged-off and realized
pretax gains of approximately $901,000 and $3.5 million in 1993 and 1992,
respectively.
     Total interest earned on nonaccrual and restructured loans in 1993 and 1992
was $1,238,000 and $2,233,000, respectively. Interest income that would have
been earned under the original terms of these loans in 1993 and 1992 was
$1,947,000 and $2,695,000, respectively. There were no significant outstanding
commitments related to the above restructured loans at December 31, 1993.
     Certain of the Corporation's bank subsidiaries, principally UPNB, have
granted loans to the Corporation's directors, executive officers, and their
affiliates. These loans were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with unrelated persons and do not involve more than normal risks of
collectability. The aggregate dollar amount of these loans was $33,065,000 and
$35,145,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. During 1993,
$141,144,000 of new loans and advances under credit lines were made to
directors, executive officers, and their affiliates; repayments totaled
approximately $143,224,000.
 
NOTE 6.  ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The changes in the allowance for losses on loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Balance, January 1.........................................  $ 64,290     $ 47,934     $ 50,921
  Increase due to acquisitions.............................    16,607       15,678           --
  Provision for losses on loans............................     9,689       18,557       24,835
  Recoveries of loans previously charged off...............     8,681       14,212        7,496
  Loans charged off........................................   (18,825)     (32,091)     (35,318)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Balance, December 31.......................................  $ 80,442     $ 64,290     $ 47,934
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             --------     --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 7.  PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, LEASED ASSETS, AND LEASE COMMITMENTS
 
     Premises and equipment are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                           1993         1992
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                              THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
Land...................................................................  $ 27,167     $ 19,944
Buildings and improvements.............................................    88,578       76,533
Leasehold improvements.................................................     7,266        5,027
Equipment..............................................................    72,539       59,882
Construction in progress...............................................    16,301        4,331
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                          211,851      165,717
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization.........................    76,340       65,989
                                                                         --------     --------
  Total premises and equipment.........................................  $135,511     $ 99,728
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                         --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
     Included in the above is approximately $14.2 million related to a new
headquarters building for UPNB. The total project cost is estimated to be
approximately $17.6 million, including land, construction costs, furniture,
fixtures and equipment, and site improvements.
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   20
 
NOTE 7.  PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, LEASED ASSETS, AND LEASE COMMITMENTS
(CONTINUED)
     A summary of rent expense for operating leases is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                   ----------------------------
                                                                    1993       1992       1991
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Operating lease rent expense.....................................  $6,773     $4,822     $4,532
Less sublease rental income......................................     365        286        176
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
  Net rent expense...............................................  $6,408     $4,536     $4,356
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
                                                                   ------     ------     ------
</TABLE>
 
     At December 31, 1993, minimum future rental commitments for leases which
are being accounted for as operating leases were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 OPERATING
                                                                                   LEASES
                                                                           ----------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
1994.....................................................................         $  6,660
1995.....................................................................            4,932
1996.....................................................................            2,372
1997.....................................................................            2,051
1998.....................................................................            1,729
Later years..............................................................            8,251
                                                                                ----------
  Total minimum lease payments...........................................         $ 25,995
                                                                                ----------
                                                                                ----------
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 8.  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
 
     Short-term borrowings are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31,
                                                                 ------------------------------
                                                                   1993       1992       1991
                                                                 --------   --------   --------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                              <C>        <C>        <C>
Year-end balance
  Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements
     to repurchase.............................................  $234,031   $287,802   $185,898
  Commercial paper.............................................    10,941      8,325     11,466
  Other short-term borrowings..................................        23        185        146
                                                                 --------   --------   --------
     Total short-term borrowings...............................  $244,995   $296,312   $197,510
                                                                 --------   --------   --------
                                                                 --------   --------   --------
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to
  repurchase
     Daily average balance.....................................  $222,136   $211,662   $235,662
     Weighted average interest rate............................      2.69%      3.13%      5.21%
     Maximum outstanding at any month end......................  $277,833   $287,802   $299,098
     Weighted average interest rate at December 31.............      2.83%      2.96%      3.90%
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 9.  FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND LONG-TERM DEBT
 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK (FHLB) ADVANCES
 
     The Corporation's banking and thrift subsidiaries obtained in 1993 various
advances from the FHLB totaling $158.0 million at December 31, 1993, under
Blanket Agreements for Advances and Security Agreements (the Agreements). The
Agreements entitle the Corporation's subsidiaries to borrow funds from the FHLB
to fund mortgage loan programs and satisfy other funding needs. Of the amounts
borrowed at December 31, 1993, $118 million were at variable rates and $40
million were at fixed rates with interest rates ranging from 3.2% to 8.0% and
maturities ranging from 1997 to 2017. At December 31, 1993, FHLB advances that
mature within one year, one to five years, and after five years were $3.1
million, $22.0 million, and $132.9 million, respectively. The value of
collateral (primarily mortgage loans) under the Agreements must be 150% of the
$158.0 million outstanding at December 31, 1993.
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   21
 
NOTE 9.  FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED)
LONG-TERM DEBT
 
     Long-term debt is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        ----------------------
                                                                          1993          1992
                                                                        --------       -------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                     <C>            <C>
6.25% Subordinated Notes due 2003.....................................  $ 74,479       $    --
8 1/2% Subordinated Notes due 2002....................................    40,250        40,250
10 1/8% Subordinated Capital Debentures due 1999......................        --        34,042
Obligations under capital leases......................................     2,294         2,684
Mortgage indebtedness.................................................       105            --
Notes payable.........................................................       148           180
                                                                        --------       -------
  Total long-term debt................................................  $117,276       $77,156
                                                                        --------       -------
                                                                        --------       -------
</TABLE>
 
     In October 1993, the Corporation filed a shelf registration statement for
$150 million of the Corporation's subordinated debt securities. On November 2,
1993, the Corporation issued $75 million of 6.25% Subordinated Capital Notes due
2003 (6.25% Notes) at 99.305%. Interest on the 6.25% Notes is payable
semiannually on May 1 and November 1. The 6.25% Notes are not redeemable prior
to maturity and will mature on November 1, 2003. The 6.25% Notes are
subordinated to all present and future senior indebtedness of the Corporation
and payment may be accelerated only in the case of the bankruptcy of the
Corporation. Debt issuance costs of $838,000 are included in other assets and
are being amortized over a ten year life. The 6.25% Notes qualify for Tier 2
capital under regulatory risk-based capital guidelines. The Corporation also
entered into an interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of $50
million to convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt to a floating LIBOR rate for
two and one-half years.
 
     In October 1992, the Corporation completed a public offering of $40.25
million of 8 1/2% Subordinated Notes (8 1/2% Notes). The 8 1/2% Notes mature on
October 1, 2002, and interest is payable quarterly. Debt issuance costs of $1.2
million and $1.4 million, respectively, at December 31, 1993 and 1992 are
included in other assets and are being amortized over a seven-year life. The
8 1/2% Notes are unsecured debt obligations of the Corporation and are
subordinated in right of payment to all senior indebtedness of the Corporation.
The Corporation, at its option, may redeem the 8 1/2% Notes on or after October
1, 1997, at par value plus accrued interest, upon 30 days notice. The
Corporation is obligated to repay 100% of the principal amount plus accrued
interest, up to an aggregate amount of $1 million, of 8 1/2% Notes tendered for
prepayment by the personal representatives of deceased holders in any one year.
     The 10 1/8% Subordinated Capital Debentures (10 1/8% Debentures) were
issued in a public offering in 1989. In November 1993, the Corporation used
approximately $39 million of the net proceeds of the 6.25% Notes to in-substance
defease the 10 1/8% Debentures. Direct obligations of the U.S. Government were
purchased and placed in an irrevocable trust which provides cash flows matching
the principal and interest debt service required to retire the 10 1/8%
Debentures. At December 31, 1993, the outstanding balance of the 10 1/8%
Debentures totaled $34 million which is not reflected in the accompanying
financial statements. This transaction resulted in an extraordinary loss in the
fourth quarter of 1993 of $5.2 million ($3.2 million net of taxes).
     Annual principal repayment requirements for long-term debt for the years
1994 through 1998 are $628,000, $466,000, $305,000, $273,000, and $296,000,
respectively.
 
  Line of Credit
 
     In June 1993, the Corporation entered into an unsecured $25 million credit
agreement which expires May 31, 1996. No borrowings were outstanding at December
31, 1993. The line of credit is for working capital purposes and as a commercial
paper backup. The credit agreement contains performance measurements and
restrictive covenants relating to dividends, acquisitions, sale of assets, and
indebtedness which the Corporation must meet. The Corporation's dividends are
restricted to no more than 60% of consolidated net earnings for the preceding
fiscal year.
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   22
 
NOTE 10. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
PREFERRED STOCK
 
     The Corporation's preferred stock is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          --------------------
                                                                            1993        1992
                                                                          --------     -------
<S>                                                                       <C>          <C>
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                               THOUSANDS)
PREFERRED STOCK, WITHOUT PAR VALUE, 10,000,000 SHARES AUTHORIZED
  CONVERTIBLE
  Series A Preferred Stock, 250,000 shares authorized, none issued......  $     --     $    --
  Series B, $8.00 Nonredeemable, Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock
     (stated at liquidation value of $100 per share), 44,000 shares
     issued and outstanding.............................................     4,400       4,400
  Series D, 9.5% Redeemable, Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock
     (stated at liquidation value of $20.50 per share), 253,655 shares
     issued and outstanding.............................................     5,200       5,200
  Series E, 8% Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock (stated at
     liquidation value of $25 per share), 3,107,922 and 2,200,000 shares
     issued and outstanding at December 31, 1993 and 1992,
     respectively.......................................................    77,698      55,000
                                                                          --------     -------
          Total convertible preferred stock.............................    87,298      64,600
                                                                          --------     -------
  NONCONVERTIBLE
  Series C, 10 3/8% Increasing Rate, Redeemable, Cumulative Preferred
     Stock (stated at liquidation value of $25 per share), 690,000
     shares issued and outstanding......................................    17,250      17,250
                                                                          --------     -------
          Total nonconvertible preferred stock..........................    17,250      17,250
                                                                          --------     -------
               Total preferred stock....................................  $104,548     $81,850
                                                                          --------     -------
                                                                          --------     -------
</TABLE>
 
SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK (SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS PLAN).  In 1989, the Board of
Directors of the Corporation adopted a Share Purchase Rights Plan and
distributed a dividend of one Preferred Share Purchase Right (Right) for each
outstanding share of the Corporation's $5 par value Common Stock and for each
share issued thereafter. The Rights are generally designed to deter coercive
takeover tactics and to encourage all persons interested in acquiring control of
the Corporation to deal with each shareholder on a fair and equal basis. Each
Right trades in tandem with its respective share of common stock until the
occurrence of certain events, in which case it would separate from the common
stock and entitle the registered holder, subject to the terms of the Rights
Agreement, to purchase certain equity securities at a price below their market
value. The Corporation has authorized 250,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
for issuance under the Share Purchase Rights Plan, none of which have been
issued.
 
SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK.  The Corporation issued 44,000 shares of $8.00
Nonredeemable, Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B (Series B
Preferred Stock), $100 per share liquidation value, in a private transaction in
connection with the acquisition of Steiner Bank in 1989. Such shares bear a
dividend rate of $8.00 per share per annum; dividends are cumulative and are
payable quarterly. The holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock have the
right, at their option, after November 30, 1994, (and in limited circumstances
prior thereto) to convert each share into 7.722 shares (339,768 shares in total)
of the Corporation's Common Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock is not subject
to any sinking fund provisions and has no preemptive rights. Holders of Series B
Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as may be required by law and in
certain other limited circumstances.
 
SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK.  In July 1992, in connection with the acquisition of
SBI (see Note 2), the Corporation issued 253,655 shares of 9.5% Redeemable,
Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock, Series D (Series D Preferred Stock) in
a private offering. Such shares have no par value but have a stated value of
$20.50 per share on which dividends accrue at 9.5% per annum. Dividends are
cumulative and payable quarterly. Such shares have a liquidation preference of
$20.50 per share plus unpaid dividends accrued thereon and, at the Corporation's
option, with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve, are subject to
redemption by the Corporation at any time and from time to time on or after July
1, 1995. At any time prior to redemption, each share of Series D Preferred Stock
is convertible at the option of the holder into one share of the Corporation's
Common Stock. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock have no voting rights
except as may be required by law and in certain other limited circumstances.
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   23
 
NOTE 10.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK.  In February 1992, the Corporation completed a public
offering of 2,200,000 shares of 8% Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock,
Series E (Series E Preferred Stock). Such shares have a stated value of $25 per
share, on which dividends accrue at a rate of 8% per annum; dividends are
cumulative and are payable quarterly. The Series E Preferred Stock is not
subject to any sinking fund provisions and has no preemptive rights. Such shares
have a liquidation preference of $25 per share plus unpaid dividends accrued
thereon, and with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve, may be redeemed by
the Corporation in whole or in part at any time after March 31, 1997 at $25.00
per share. At any time prior to redemption, each share of Series E Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into 1.25 shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock have no voting
rights except for those provided by law and in certain other limited
circumstances.
     On January 1, 1993, the Corporation acquired an additional 43.93% of Bank
of East Tennessee (BOET) in exchange for 331,741 shares of the Corporation's
Series E Preferred Stock. The Corporation acquired the remaining outstanding
stock of BOET on May 3, 1993 in exchange for an additional 317,045 shares of
Series E Preferred Stock. The Corporation also acquired Erin Bank & Trust
Company in exchange for 259,736 shares of Series E Preferred Stock on June 1,
1993. See Note 2 for additional information regarding these acquisitions.
 
SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK.  In August 1991, the Corporation completed a public
offering of 690,000 shares of 10 3/8% Increasing Rate, Redeemable, Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series C (Series C Preferred Stock). The Series C Preferred
Stock has a stated value of $25 per share. Dividends are cumulative and payable
quarterly at a rate of $.648 per quarter increasing to $.680 beginning November
1, 1994, to $.711 beginning November 1, 1995, and to $.742 beginning November 1,
1996. The Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible, is not subject to any
sinking fund provisions, and has no preemptive rights. On or after October 31,
1994, the Corporation may, with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve,
redeem any or all outstanding Series C Preferred Stock at $25 per share plus all
dividends accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption. Holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as may be required by law
and except in certain other limited circumstances.
 
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
 
     The Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan (the Plan) authorizes the
issuance of 500,000 shares of authorized but previously unissued common stock to
shareholders who choose to invest all or a portion of their cash dividends or
make optional cash purchases. On certain investment dates, shares may be
purchased with reinvested dividends and optional cash payments at a price of 95%
and 100%, respectively, of their fair market value, without brokerage
commissions. Shares issued under this Plan totaled 68,188, 93,407, and 95,029
shares in 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
     In 1987, the Corporation entered into an agreement with Santa Cruz
Resources, Inc. (SCR) under which SCR would acquire up to 21% of the
Corporation's Common Shares. SCR ultimately acquired 2,963,000 of the
Corporation's common shares. The agreement imposed several restrictions on SCR.
During 1990 and 1991, the Corporation repurchased 2.7 million of the shares and
released SCR from the agreement.
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   24
 
NOTE 11.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
                            CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                           1993         1992
                                                                         --------     --------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                              THOUSANDS)
ASSETS
  Noninterest-bearing cash in subsidiary bank..........................  $    799     $    623
  Demand note receivable from subsidiary bank..........................   101,356       57,971
  Advances to and receivable from subsidiaries.........................     2,955        9,221
  Investment securities held for sale..................................     1,324        4,834
  Investment in Union Planters National Bank...........................   251,583      216,024
  Investment in other banking subsidiaries.............................   218,926      159,210
  Investment in savings and loan subsidiaries..........................    27,846           --
  Investment in nonbank subsidiaries...................................     2,817       (2,802)
  Other assets.........................................................     6,483        8,067
                                                                         --------     --------
     TOTAL ASSETS......................................................  $614,089     $453,148
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                         --------     --------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Commercial paper.....................................................  $ 10,941     $  8,325
  Long-term debt.......................................................   114,729       74,292
  Loans from and payables to subsidiary banks..........................       362           53
  Other liabilities....................................................    10,757       14,267
  Shareholders' equity.................................................   477,300      356,211
                                                                         --------     --------
     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY........................  $614,089     $453,148
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                         --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   25
 
NOTE 11.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(CONTINUED)
                        CONDENSED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
INCOME
  Dividends from banking subsidiaries......................  $ 28,092     $ 20,656     $ 21,335
  Management fees from subsidiaries........................     7,198        5,902        5,682
  Interest from banking subsidiaries.......................     1,358        1,523          791
  Interest and dividends on investments, loans, and
     interest-bearing deposits.............................        62          279          319
  Investment securities gains (losses).....................        --           38       (1,603)
  Other income.............................................     1,283           43          266
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total income..........................................    37,993       28,441       26,790
                                                             --------     --------     --------
EXPENSES
  Interest expense
     Short-term borrowings.................................       235          306          375
     Long-term debt........................................     7,447        4,504        4,539
     Loan from bank subsidiary.............................        --           28          172
  Salaries and employee benefits...........................     6,029        4,973        5,264
  Legal fees and provision for litigation settlements......       321        3,924       (1,457)
  Other expense............................................     5,363        3,906        2,742
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total expenses........................................    19,395       17,641       11,635
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY ITEM,
       ACCOUNTING CHANGES, AND UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF
       SUBSIDIARIES........................................    18,598       10,800       15,155
Tax benefit................................................    (4,092)      (2,271)      (2,885)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     EARNINGS BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM, ACCOUNTING
       CHANGES, AND UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF
       SUBSIDIARIES........................................    22,690       13,071       18,040
Extraordinary item-defeasance of debt, net of taxes........    (3,206)          --           --
Accounting changes, net of taxes...........................     2,479           --           --
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     EARNINGS BEFORE UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS OF
       SUBSIDIARIES........................................    21,963       13,071       18,040
Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries.....................    41,100       28,368        9,468
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     NET EARNINGS..........................................  $ 63,063     $ 41,439     $ 27,508
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             --------     --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
                                       23
<PAGE>   26
 
NOTE 11.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(CONTINUED)
                       CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1993         1992         1991
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings.............................................  $ 63,063     $ 41,439     $ 27,508
  Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries.........   (41,100)     (28,368)      (9,468)
  Cumulative effect of accounting changes..................    (2,479)          --           --
  Write-down of investment securities......................        --           --        1,603
  Deferred income tax benefit..............................    (1,898)          --         (167)
  Other, net...............................................     3,908        3,268         (581)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash provided by operating activities.............    21,494       16,339       18,895
                                                             --------     --------     --------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments........        --       15,000      (11,223)
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities.............       123        4,710           41
  Net increase in investment in and receivables from
     subsidiaries..........................................   (16,916)     (48,624)      (6,243)
  Purchases of premises and equipment......................        --         (211)         (29)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash used in investing activities.................   (16,793)     (29,125)     (17,454)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net increase (decrease) in commercial paper..............     2,616       (3,141)       4,163
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net............    73,641       38,850        3,000
  Repayment and defeasance of long-term debt...............   (34,042)      (4,121)      (9,499)
  Net loan from bank subsidiary............................        --       (1,947)          --
  Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net...........        --       52,350       16,410
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net..............    19,611        7,673        3,275
  Purchases and retirement of common stock, net............    (1,786)      (4,311)      (9,232)
  Cash dividends paid......................................   (21,180)     (15,315)      (8,657)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash provided (used) by financing activities......    38,860       70,038         (540)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents..................    43,561       57,252          901
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year.....    58,594        1,342          441
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year...........  $102,155     $ 58,594     $  1,342
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                             --------     --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
Non-Cash Investing Activities. See Note 2 regarding acquisitions in 1993 and
1992.
 
NOTE 12.  RESTRICTIONS ON DIVIDENDS AND LOANS FROM SUBSIDIARIES
 
     The amount of dividends which the Corporation's subsidiaries may pay is
limited by applicable laws and regulations. For the subsidiary national banks,
regulatory approval is required if dividends declared in any year exceed net
earnings of the current year (as defined under the National Bank Act) plus
retained net profits for the preceding two years. The payment of dividends by
state bank subsidiaries is regulated by applicable laws in Alabama, Arkansas,
Mississippi, Kentucky, and Tennessee and the regulations of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The payment of dividends by savings and loan
subsidiaries (see Note 2) is subject to the regulations of the Office of Thrift
Supervision (OTS).
 
     The Corporation has adopted for its state-chartered bank subsidiaries
internal dividend policies that have received approval from the various state
banking commissioners, subject to restrictions. The current policy for Alabama,
Arkansas, and Mississippi subsidiary banks requires a minimum ratio of 7%
tangible equity capital (equity less goodwill and other intangibles) to tangible
assets and paying dividends only equal to the excess without prior approval. The
internal policy adopted for Tennessee banks requires a 6% tangible equity
capital to tangible assets ratio and a 7% tangible primary capital (tangible
equity plus the allowance for losses on loans) to tangible assets ratio be
maintained by the subsidiaries.
 
     At January 1, 1994, the banking subsidiaries could have paid dividends to
the Corporation aggregating $74.3 million, excluding the MSB acquisition
consummated January 1, 1994, without prior
 
                                       24
<PAGE>   27
 
NOTE 12.  RESTRICTIONS ON DIVIDENDS AND LOANS FROM SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
regulatory approval. The actual amount of dividends paid will be limited to a
lesser amount by management in order to maintain compliance with capital
guidelines and to maintain strong capital positions in each of the banking
subsidiaries. Future dividends will be dependent on the level of earnings of the
subsidiary financial institutions.
 
     The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are limited by Federal law in the
amount of credit which they may extend to their affiliates, including the
Corporation. Loans to a single affiliate may not exceed 10%, and loans to all
affiliates may not exceed 20% of an individual bank's net assets plus its
allowance for losses on loans. Such loans must be collateralized by assets
having market values of 100% to 130% of the loan amount depending on the nature
of the collateral.
 
NOTE 13.  SIGNIFICANT OPERATING BUSINESS LINES
 
     The Corporation is primarily engaged in the commercial and retail banking
business. Broker/dealer operations formerly constituted a significant portion of
the Corporation's business.
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1990, the broker/dealer operations, formerly
conducted by Union Planters Investment Bankers Corporation and its subsidiaries
(UPIBC), were restructured, and on January 2, 1991, the Corporation became a
limited partner in Vining-Sparks IBG, Limited Partnership (VSIBG) with
Vining-Sparks Securities, Inc. (VSS). VSIBG engages in securities broker/dealer
activities of the types formerly carried on by VSS and UPIBC. The Corporation
transferred the Capital Markets and SBA Loan Trading Operations of UPIBC to
UPNB, and they now function as part of UPNB's banking operations. The
broker/dealer operations are now limited to the Corporation's passive investment
in VSIBG which is included in other assets at $5.5 million and $5.2 million,
respectively, at December 31, 1993 and 1992. The Corporation's proportionate
share of earnings (29%) from VSIBG is included in other noninterest income.
 
     In 1992 and 1991, UPIBC incurred litigation expenses and provided for
litigation settlements totaling $8.6 million and $11.3 million, respectively,
arising from its restructured operations. A significant portion of that
litigation has now been settled.
 
     Revenues from the broker/dealer operations were $3.6 million, $3.9 million,
and $2.0 million, respectively, in 1993, 1992, and 1991. In 1993, the
broker/dealer operations had pretax earnings of $3.4 million compared to pretax
losses of $4.7 million and $9.3 million, respectively, in 1992 and 1991.
 
                                       25
<PAGE>   28
 
NOTE 14.  OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE
 
     The major components of other noninterest income and expense are summarized
as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------
                                                                   1993       1992       1991
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>
OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME
  Mortgage servicing income.....................................  $ 7,558    $ 8,458    $ 7,514
  Merchant credit card fees.....................................    5,920      5,278      4,393
  Trust service income..........................................    5,661      5,079      5,278
  VSIBG partnership earnings....................................    3,652      3,920      2,031
  Credit life insurance commissions.............................    2,749      2,468      2,313
  Brokerage fee income..........................................    1,520      1,288        977
  Sale of servicing.............................................    1,035        639        941
  Gain on troubled debt restructuring (Note 5)..................      901      3,513         --
  Computer service income.......................................      482        786      1,217
  Other.........................................................   13,299      7,587      7,501
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
     Total other noninterest income.............................  $42,777    $39,016    $32,165
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE
  FDIC insurance assessments....................................  $12,738    $ 9,127    $ 6,788
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles................    7,318      5,351      3,478
  Other contracted services.....................................    6,537      5,042      4,556
  Advertising and promotion.....................................    5,438      4,816      4,114
  Postage and carrier...........................................    5,191      4,024      3,715
  Stationery and supplies.......................................    5,126      3,974      3,606
  Merchant credit card charges..................................    4,611      3,929      3,130
  Provisions for conversion of data processing systems(a).......    4,424         --         --
  Communications................................................    4,226      3,454      2,907
  Brokerage and clearing fees...................................    3,942      3,815      3,974
  Amortization and write-offs of mortgage servicing rights(b)...    3,199     11,071      2,794
  Other personnel services......................................    2,504      2,118      1,232
  Merger related expenses(c)....................................    2,113         --         --
  Dues, subscriptions, and contributions........................    2,309      1,616      1,681
  Legal fees....................................................    2,307      5,213      4,263
  Other real estate expense.....................................    2,255      3,228      2,351
  Travel........................................................    1,791      1,394      1,587
  Federal Reserve fees..........................................    1,740      1,733      1,678
  Taxes other than income taxes.................................    1,451        816        849
  Insurance.....................................................    1,298      1,019        935
  Miscellaneous charge-offs.....................................    1,206      1,112        760
  Provisions for litigation settlements.........................       --      9,000      7,600
  Provisions for abandoned property.............................       --      5,200      1,643
  Other.........................................................   12,192     12,033     10,191
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
     Total other noninterest expense............................  $93,916    $99,085    $73,832
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
                                                                  -------    -------    -------
</TABLE>
 
(a) During 1993, the Corporation entered into a contract for conversion of the
    software systems used by its subsidiaries to a common system. A provision of
    $4.4 million was recorded for the write-off of existing systems contracts as
    well as conversion costs.
 
(b) In 1992, includes $8.2 million of accelerated amortization of purchased
    mortgage servicing rights due to accelerated prepayments of the underlying
    mortgage loans.
 
(c) One-time expenses related to acquisitions (primarily termination of an
    acquired pension plan).
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
 
401K RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN.  The Corporation's 401K Retirement Savings Plan
(401K Plan) is available to employees having one or more years of service who
work in excess of 1,000 hours a year. Employees may voluntarily contribute 1 to
16 percent of their gross compensation on a pretax basis up to a maximum of
$8,994 in 1993, subject to certain Internal Revenue Service restrictions (amount
may change from year to year based on cost of living index), and the Corporation
makes a matching
 
                                       26
<PAGE>   29
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
contribution of 50 to 100 percent of the amounts contributed by the employee
depending upon his or her eligible years of service. The Corporation's matching
contribution is limited to employee contributions of up to 6% of their
compensation. The Corporation's Flexible Benefit Program allows employees to
allocate a portion of their available benefit dollars to the 401K Plan as
additional employer contributions. The Corporation's contributions to the 401K
Plan for 1993, 1992, and 1991 were $1.8 million, $1.6 million, and $1.5 million,
respectively.
 
EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST.  The Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
Trust (ESOP) is noncontributory and covers employees having one or more years of
service who work in excess of 1,000 hours a year. The amounts of contributions
to the ESOP are determined annually by the Board of Directors, and were $2
million, $1.6 million, and $1.6 million for 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
At December 31, 1993, the ESOP held 1,068,469 shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock, all of which was allocated to participants.
 
STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS.  Employees and directors of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries are eligible to receive options or restricted stock grants under
the 1992 Stock Incentive Plan (1992 Plan). A maximum of 1,600,000 shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock may be issued through the exercise of nonstatutory or
incentive stock options and as restricted stock awards. The option price is the
fair market value of the shares at the date of grant. Options granted generally
become exercisable in installments of 20% each year beginning one year from date
of grant. The 1992 Plan replaced the 1983 Stock Incentive Plan which had
essentially the same provisions as the 1992 Plan. The 1983 Plan expired March 9,
1993; however, options issued through that date continue to be outstanding and
exercisable under the terms of the grants. Additional information, with respect
to stock options issued under the 1983 and 1992 Plans, is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
                                                                         31,
                                                               -----------------------
                                                                 1993          1992
                                                               ---------     ---------
        <S>                                                    <C>           <C>
        Options
          Outstanding, beginning of year.....................    479,419       627,878
          Granted............................................    287,532       206,756
          Exercised..........................................   (165,104)     (337,030)
          Cancelled or surrendered...........................    (14,237)      (18,185)
                                                               ---------     ---------
          Outstanding, end of year...........................    587,610       479,419
                                                               ---------     ---------
                                                               ---------     ---------
        Options becoming exercisable during the year.........    237,730       289,716
                                                               ---------     ---------
                                                               ---------     ---------
        Options exercisable at end of year...................    432,310       369,139
                                                               ---------     ---------
                                                               ---------     ---------
</TABLE>
 
          Exercise prices ranged from $6.88 to $28.00 in 1993 and from $6.88 to
$24.00 in 1992.
 
RETIREE HEALTH CARE AND LIFE INSURANCE.  The Corporation provides certain health
care and life insurance benefits to retired employees who have completed twenty
years of unbroken full-time service immediately prior to retirement and who have
attained age 60 or more. Health care benefits are provided partially through an
insurance company (for retirees age 65 or more) and partially through direct
payment of claims. Prior to January 1, 1993, health care premiums and claims and
life insurance benefits ($2,500 per claim) were recognized as expense when paid.
In 1992 and 1991, retiree health care and life insurance costs were $390,000 and
$336,000, respectively.
 
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 106 which
requires that retiree health care and life insurance benefits be charged to
expense during the years in which the employee renders service. The Corporation
elected to recognize the accumulated benefit obligation in the first quarter of
1993 which approximated $8.3 million ($5.1 million after tax). The current
expense for 1993 was $632,000.
 
     Postretirement benefit cost (in thousands) for 1993 was determined assuming
a discount rate of 8% and an expected return on plan assets of 5%:
 
<TABLE>
        <S>                                                                    <C>
        Service cost.........................................................  $ 170
        Interest cost of accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.......    682
        Return on plan assets................................................   (220)
                                                                               -----
                  Total......................................................  $ 632
                                                                               -----
                                                                               -----
</TABLE>
 
                                       27
<PAGE>   30
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following table sets forth the Plans' funded status and the amounts reported
in the Corporation's consolidated balance sheet:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      DECEMBER 31,     JANUARY 1,
                                                                          1993            1993
                                                                      ------------     ----------
<S>                                                                   <C>              <C>
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Fair value of Plan assets...........................................    $  5,757        $  4,200
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO):
  Retirees..........................................................       7,061           6,149
  Fully eligible plan participants..................................         181             211
  Other active plan participants....................................       3,357           2,047
                                                                      ------------     ----------
          Total APBO................................................      10,599           8,407
                                                                      ------------     ----------
          APBO in excess of Plan assets.............................    $ (4,842)       $ (4,207)
                                                                      ------------     ----------
                                                                      ------------     ----------
Reconciliation of fund's status to reported amounts:
  Accrued liability included in balance sheet, including unfunded
     portion of transition obligation...............................    $ (3,190)       $ (4,207)
  Unrecognized net gain (loss)......................................      (1,652)             --
                                                                      ------------     ----------
          APBO in excess of plan assets.............................    $ (4,842)       $ (4,207)
                                                                      ------------     ----------
                                                                      ------------     ----------
</TABLE>
 
     The assumed discount rate used to measure the APBO was 7% at December 31,
1993 and 8% at January 1, 1993. The weighted average health care cost trend rate
in 1993 is 13%, gradually declining to an ultimate rate in 2001 of 5%. A one
percentage point increase in the assumed health care cost trend rates for each
future year would have increased the aggregate of the service and interest cost
components of the 1993 net periodic postretirement benefit cost by $109,000 and
would have increased the APBO as of December 31, 1993 by $858,000.
 
     The Corporation established a Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association
(VEBA) and through December 31, 1993, has made contributions into such VEBA of
$5.7 million, the maximum amount deductible for federal income tax purposes. The
VEBA is expected to earn 5% on trust assets consisting of U.S. Government
obligations, bank obligations, commercial instruments, and repurchase agreements
secured by U.S. Treasury obligations. Additional contributions will be made to
the VEBA annually which will be the source of funding for future postretirement
benefits.
 
POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS.  The Corporation also adopted SFAS No. 112 as of
January 1, 1993, which requires that such costs be charged to expense over the
relevant service period. The Corporation's analysis determined this liability to
be $1.3 million ($807,000 net of tax benefit thereon) at January 1, 1993,
consisting primarily of postemployment medical claims and related administrative
expenses in excess of expected premiums to be paid by employees. The liability
amount was adjusted to $600,000 at December 31, 1993, due to a significant
decrease in 1993 claims. The liability amount will be reviewed annually and
adjusted as management may deem necessary based on actual experience. Annual
expenses for these benefits are not expected to vary significantly from the
amounts which have previously been expensed as incurred.
 
ACQUIRED INSTITUTIONS.  Certain of the financial institutions acquired sponsor
various employee benefit and retirement plans. Such plans have been or are in
the process of being terminated and the employees now participate in the
aforementioned Corporation plans. At December 31, 1993, certain institutions
acquired in 1993 still have outstanding plans, including defined benefit pension
plans, 401K plans and ESOPs. The liabilities, if any, for such terminations have
been recorded as of December 31, 1993.
 
                                       28
<PAGE>   31
 
NOTE 16.  INCOME TAXES
 
     The components of income tax expense are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------
                                                                    1993       1992      1991
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Current tax expense (benefit)
  Federal.......................................................  $ 18,170   $ 18,928   $ 9,870
  State.........................................................     5,113      3,617       (69)
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
     Total current tax expense..................................    23,283     22,545     9,801
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
Deferred tax benefit
  Federal.......................................................   (11,677)    (7,349)   (3,750)
  State.........................................................    (4,231)        --        --
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
     Total deferred tax benefit.................................   (15,908)    (7,349)   (3,750)
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
          Total income tax expense..............................  $  7,375   $ 15,196   $ 6,051
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
                                                                  --------   --------   -------
</TABLE>
 
     For 1993, income tax expense (benefit) included in the financial statements
is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
        <S>                                                                 <C>
        Applicable income taxes...........................................  $ 23,967
        Tax benefit related to extraordinary item.........................    (2,040)
        Tax benefit related to the cumulative effect of changes in
          accounting methods..............................................   (14,552)
                                                                            --------
                  Total income tax expense................................  $  7,375
                                                                            --------
                                                                            --------
</TABLE>
 
     Deferred tax assets/liabilities are comprised of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                          1993          1992
                                                                         -------       -------
<S>                                                                      <C>           <C>
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                              THOUSANDS)
Deferred tax assets
  Losses on loans and other real estate................................  $27,022       $20,491
  Provisions for litigation settlements................................    1,349         3,427
  Postretirement and postemployment benefits...........................    1,478            --
  Amortization of intangibles..........................................    1,547            27
  Net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes....................    2,094            --
  Depreciation.........................................................    3,129         2,022
  Debt defeasance......................................................    2,023            --
  Unrecognized tax benefits............................................       --        (8,666)
  Other deferred items.................................................    8,901         9,110
                                                                         -------       -------
          Total deferred tax assets....................................   47,543        26,411
                                                                         -------       -------
Deferred tax liabilities
  Other deferred items.................................................    7,912         5,831
                                                                         -------       -------
          Net deferred tax asset.......................................  $39,631       $20,580
                                                                         -------       -------
                                                                         -------       -------
</TABLE>
 
     The change in the deferred tax asset during the year is a result of the
changes in methods of accounting discussed in Note 1, the addition of deferred
tax assets of acquired companies, and current period deferred tax expense of
$684,000, which includes $805,000 deferred tax benefit attributable to the
increase in the federal income tax rate and $1,520,000 deferred tax benefit from
legislated changes in the treatment of intangible assets. The realization of a
portion of the deferred tax asset is based upon management's conclusion that
future operating profits will generate sufficient taxable income to offset the
related deductions and loss carryforwards.
 
                                       29
<PAGE>   32
 
NOTE 16.  INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
     Income tax expense as a percent of earnings before income taxes is
reconciled with the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for 1993 and 34%
for 1992 and 1991 as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                -------------------------------
                                                                 1993        1992        1991
                                                                -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                             <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Computed "expected" tax.....................................    $29,833     $19,256     $11,410
State income taxes, net of net operating loss carryovers and
  federal tax benefit.......................................      3,486       2,387         (46)
Separate subsidiary company prior year losses utilized......         --        (226)       (294)
Tax-exempt interest, net....................................     (9,347)     (5,821)     (5,126)
Amortization of goodwill....................................      1,466       1,626       1,170
Other, net..................................................     (1,471)     (2,026)     (1,063)
                                                                -------     -------     -------
          Applicable income tax.............................    $23,967     $15,196     $ 6,051
                                                                -------     -------     -------
                                                                -------     -------     -------
</TABLE>
 
     Income tax expense applicable to securities transactions was $1.8 million
for 1993, $5.0 million for 1992, and $1.9 million for 1991.
 
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 109. The impact
of the cumulative tax effect of this change in accounting method was $10.9
million. Reference is made to Note 1 for further discussion of accounting
changes.
 
NOTE 17.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK
 
     In the normal course of business, the Corporation is a party to various
types of financial instruments in order to meet the financing needs of its
customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.
These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest
rate risk and are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. For certain instruments, the exposure to credit loss is limited to
the contractual amount of the instrument. The following table presents the
contractual amounts of this type of instrument.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            CONTRACT AMOUNT
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          -------------------
                                                                          1993           1992
                                                                          ----           ----
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                               MILLIONS)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WHOSE CONTRACT AMOUNTS REPRESENT CREDIT RISK
     Commitments to extend credit (excluding credit card plans).........  $480           $400
     Commitments to extend credit under credit card plans...............   207            152
     Standby, commercial, and similar letters of credit.................    23             34
</TABLE>
 
     Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to
customers for specific purposes, at specific rates, with fixed expiration and
review dates if the conditions in the agreement are met. Since many of the
commitments normally expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment
amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Corporation
subjects such activity to the same credit quality and monitoring controls as its
lending activities. Collateral held, if any, varies but may include accounts
receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, income producing
properties, or securities.
 
     Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk
involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved
in extending loan facilities to customers. The Corporation in some cases holds
various types of collateral to support those commitments for which collateral is
deemed necessary.
 
     Other off-balance-sheet instruments entered into are forward and futures
contracts, interest rate swap agreements, and commitments to purchase or sell
when-issued securities. The following table presents the notional amounts of
these types of instruments.
 
                                       30
<PAGE>   33
 
NOTE 17.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK (CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            NOTIONAL AMOUNT
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          -------------------
                                                                          1993           1992
                                                                          ----           ----
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN
                                                                               MILLIONS)
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WHOSE NOTIONAL CONTRACT AMOUNTS EXCEED THE AMOUNTS
  OF ACTUAL CREDIT RISK
     Forward and futures contracts......................................  $ 38           $ 20
     Interest rate swap agreements......................................   300             --
     When-issued securities
       Commitments to sell..............................................    56             44
       Commitments to purchase..........................................    87             73
</TABLE>
 
     Forward and futures contracts are contracts for delayed delivery of
securities or money market instruments in which the seller agrees to make
delivery at a specified future date of a specified instrument, at a specified
price or yield. Risks arise from the possible inability of the counterparties to
meet the terms of their contracts and from movements in securities values and
interest rates.
 
     An interest rate swap generally involves the exchange of fixed for floating
rate interest payment streams on a specified notional principal amount of assets
or liabilities for an agreed upon period of time without the exchange of the
underlying principal amounts. Notional principal amounts often are used to
express the volume of these transactions, but the amounts potentially subject to
credit risk are much smaller. During 1993, the Corporation entered into the
following interest rate swap agreements which are used to manage its
interest-rate risk. The Corporation receives fixed rate payments and pays
variable rate payments.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                                ----------------------------
                                                NOTIONAL        VARIABLE RATE     FIXED RATE     MATURITY
            INSTRUMENT HEDGED                    AMOUNT             PAID           RECEIVED        DATE
- -----------------------------------------    --------------     -------------     ----------     --------
<S>                                          <C>                <C>               <C>            <C>
                                             (IN MILLIONS)
Commercial loans.........................         $150               3.31%           5.21%         1/99
Investment securities....................          100               3.50            4.44          6/95
Long-term debt...........................           50               3.56            4.46          5/96
                                                ------
          Total..........................         $300
                                                ------
                                                ------
</TABLE>
 
     When-issued securities are commitments to either purchase or sell
securities that have not yet been issued. The trades are contingent upon the
actual issuance of the security. These transactions represent conditional
commitments made by the Corporation, and risk arises from the possible inability
of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from movements in
securities values and interest rates.
 
     As part of its mortgage banking operations, the Corporation services
residential real estate loans. In its capacity as servicer of these loans, the
Corporation is responsible for foreclosure and the related costs of foreclosure.
These costs are expensed as incurred and are shown as servicing foreclosure
expense in other noninterest expense.
 
     In the normal course of business, the Corporation sells mortgage loans and
makes certain limited representations and warranties to the purchaser.
Management does not expect any significant losses to arise from these
representations and warranties.
 
CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK.  Through its subsidiary banks in Tennessee,
Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama, the Corporation grants commercial,
agricultural, residential, and consumer loans to customers throughout those
states. The amount and percentage of total loans outstanding by the state in
which the subsidiaries were headquartered at December 31, 1993 were as follows:
Tennessee $2.4 billion (81%), Arkansas $281 million (10%), Mississippi $254
million (9%), and Alabama $12 million (less than 1%). Although the Corporation
has a diversified loan portfolio, the ability of its debtors to honor their
contracts is to some extent dependent upon economic conditions found throughout
the above states and the surrounding areas.
 
                                       31
<PAGE>   34
 
NOTE 18.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
     The carrying values and fair values of the Corporation's financial
instruments are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 DECEMBER 31, 1993             DECEMBER 31, 1992
                                              -----------------------       -----------------------
                                               CARRYING       FAIR           CARRYING       FAIR
                                                VALUE        VALUE            VALUE        VALUE
                                              ----------   ----------       ----------   ----------
                                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                           <C>          <C>              <C>          <C>
FINANCIAL ASSETS
  Cash and cash equivalents.................  $  278,735   $  278,735       $  327,634   $  327,634
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial
     institutions...........................      26,647       26,647           84,204       84,231
  Trading account securities................     153,482      153,482          109,584      109,584
  Loans held for sale.......................      56,053       56,053           91,543       91,543
  Investment securities.....................   2,617,053    2,661,260        2,198,103    2,239,534
  Net loans.................................   2,854,773    2,904,139        2,167,549    2,196,944
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
  Demand deposits...........................   2,916,374    2,916,374        2,365,027    2,365,027
  Time deposits.............................   2,334,992    2,358,494        2,085,149    2,098,537
  Short-term borrowings.....................     244,995      244,995          296,312      296,312
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances...........     157,954      157,723               --           --
  Long-term debt, excluding capital lease
     obligations............................     114,982      114,982           74,472       74,731
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  Forward and futures contracts.............          --          190               --           14
  When-issued securities
     Commitments to sell....................          --            4               --           --
     Commitments to purchase................          --           --               --           --
  Interest rate swaps.......................          --          277               --           --
</TABLE>
 
     The following methods and assumptions were used by the Corporation in
estimating the fair value for financial instruments:
 
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS.  The carrying amount for cash and cash
equivalents approximates the fair value of the assets.
 
     INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS AT FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND INVESTMENT
SECURITIES.  Fair values of these instruments are based on quoted market prices,
where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are
based on the quoted values of similar instruments.
 
     TRADING ACCOUNT SECURITIES.  These instruments are carried in the
consolidated balance sheet at values which approximate their fair value based on
quoted market prices of similar instruments.
 
     LOANS HELD FOR SALE.  These instruments are carried in the consolidated
balance sheet at the lower of cost or market. The fair value of these
instruments is based on subsequent liquidation values of the instruments which
did not result in any significant gains or losses.
 
     LOANS.  The fair values of loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses, and using interest rates currently being offered for loans with
similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality and risk.
 
     DEMAND DEPOSITS.  The fair values of these instruments (i.e., checking
accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, and NOW accounts)
are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date
(i.e., their carrying amount).
 
     TIME DEPOSITS.  The fair values of time deposits (i.e., certificates of
deposit, IRAs, investment savings, etc.) are estimated using a discounted cash
flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on these
instruments to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time
deposits.
 
     SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS.  The carrying amount of short-term borrowings (i.e.,
federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
commercial paper, and other short-term borrowings) approximates their fair
values.
 
     FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES.  The fair value of these advances is
estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, and using the FHLB quoted rates
of borrowing for advances with similar terms.
 
                                       32
<PAGE>   35
 
NOTE 18.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
     LONG-TERM DEBT.  The fair value of long-term debt is based on quoted market
prices for the Corporation's publicly traded debt.
 
     OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCING INSTRUMENTS.  Fair values of off-balance-sheet
instruments are based on current settlement values (forward contracts); quoted
market prices (futures and interest rate swaps); and current market values for
when-issued securities. The fair value of interest rate swaps represents the
unrealized gain in these contracts. The fair value of commitments to extend
credit and letters of credit (see Note 17) are not presented, since management
believes the fair value to be insignificant as the instruments are expected to
expire unused and the fees charged on such instruments are not significant.
 
NOTE 19.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 
     Management is of the opinion that the Corporation has accrued liabilities
sufficient to cover the estimated costs associated with the ultimate resolution
of the pending matters discussed below. Additionally, various other legal
proceedings against the Corporation and its subsidiaries have arisen in the
ordinary course of business. Management is of the opinion, based upon present
information, including evaluations of outside counsel, that the Corporation's
financial position will not be materially affected by the ultimate resolution of
these other legal matters. The Corporation and/or various subsidiaries are
parties to various pending civil actions, all of which are being defended
vigorously, as follows:
 
     In 1988, the Corporation rescinded and terminated a purported agreement for
the acquisition of a Louisiana bank holding company, Great American Corporation
(GAC). The Corporation and a subsidiary were made parties to several civil
actions relating to the failed acquisition. In the second quarter of 1993
consummation of the settlement of all pending civil actions involving the
Corporation and a subsidiary arising from the attempted acquisition of GAC was
effected. The costs of such settlement did not exceed amounts previously
reserved for such purpose.
 
     UPNB, a member of the MasterCard and VISA organizations, was a co-defendant
or cross-claim defendant in two related civil actions arising out of its
previous utilization of a third party, Electronic Transaction Network,
Inc.(E-Net), to solicit and assist in the administration of credit card
transaction processing arrangements with several thousand consumer merchants
located throughout the United States. During the third quarter of 1993, a
definitive agreement was entered into for the settlement of all pending
litigation against UPNB in connection with its former relationship with E-Net,
without the payment of any sum by UPNB.
 
     The Corporation's former broker/dealer subsidiaries are among the more than
80 defendants in various lawsuits alleging violations of Federal and other
securities laws in connection with the underwriting and sale between 1986 and
early 1990 of $400 million of housing revenue bonds issued by the Health,
Educational, and Housing Facility Board of the City of Memphis, Tennessee, and
seven other taxable municipal bond issues. One of such subsidiaries participated
in the underwriting of the Memphis issue and is a defendant in purported class
claims based on that issue. Several individual actions against these
subsidiaries alleging violations in secondary market sales of such issues have
been consolidated in the litigation. The bonds were rated AAA by Standard &
Poors at the time of issuance, and maintained such rating until January, 1990,
when the bonds were downgraded. The market price of the bonds has since declined
significantly. Based on the information currently known, the Corporation is of
the opinion that it has meritorious defenses and has instructed counsel to
vigorously defend the lawsuits. The pending individual actions, even in the
aggregate, are not deemed by management to be material to the Corporation's
financial position.
 
     Certain subsidiaries of the Corporation were threatened in 1989 with a
civil action by the FDIC for the estate of a closed savings association. If
filed, the action would reportedly seek compensatory damages of at least $37
million, and other relief including an injunction against transferring or
encumbering any assets until any judgments have been paid, based upon
allegations of wrongdoing in the sale of covered call options to the closed
savings association. An agreement between all parties to the threatened action
providing for the forebearance of the filing of such action and the tolling of
applicable statutes of limitation, entered into in 1989, continues in effect.
The Corporation has furnished the FDIC with information assertedly demonstrating
the lack of merit in the threatened action and believes that such action, if
nevertheless filed, can be resolved without material loss.
 
                                       33
<PAGE>   36
 
              MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
 
     The accompanying financial statements and related financial information in
this annual report were prepared by the management of Union Planters Corporation
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and where
appropriate reflect management's best estimates and judgment. Management is
responsible for the integrity, objectivity, consistency, and fair presentation
of the financial statements and all financial information contained in this
annual report.
     Management maintains and depends upon internal accounting systems and
related systems of internal controls. The internal control systems are designed
to ensure that transactions are properly authorized and recorded in the
Corporation's financial records and to safeguard the Corporation's assets from
material loss or misuse. The Corporation utilizes a professional staff of
auditors who monitor compliance with and assess the effectiveness of the system
of internal accounting controls and coordinate overall audit coverage.
     The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, composed solely of outside
directors, meets periodically with representatives of the Corporation's
independent accountants and management to review accounting policies, control
procedures, and audit and regulatory examination reports. The independent
accountants have free access to the Committee, with and without the presence of
management, to discuss the results of their audit work and their evaluation of
the adequacy of internal controls and the quality of financial reporting.
     The financial statements have been audited by Price Waterhouse, independent
accountants, who were engaged to express an opinion as to the fairness of
presentation of such financial statements.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>
/s/ Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                     /s/ Jack W. Parker
- ----------------------------                     ------------------
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                         Jack W. Parker
Chairman of the Board and                        Executive Vice President and
Chief Executive Officer                          Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>
 
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Union Planters Corporation
 
     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, of changes in shareholders' equity and of
cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Union Planters Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management; our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
     As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993
the Corporation adopted three new accounting standards that changed its method
of accounting for postretirement benefits, postemployment benefits and income
taxes.
 
/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE
- --------------------
PRICE WATERHOUSE
Memphis, Tennessee
January 20, 1994,
  except as to Note 2
  which is as of
  March 1, 1994
 
                                       34
<PAGE>   37
 
                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, (1)
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                1993         1992         1991         1990         1989
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
  Net interest income......................................  $  234,605   $  191,137   $  153,555   $  134,324   $  123,155
  Provision for losses on loans............................       9,689       18,557       24,835       19,166       49,229
  Profits and commissions from trading activities..........       8,720       10,168       14,707       24,268       36,700
  Investment securities gains (losses).....................       4,581       13,246        3,344         (341)      (1,294)
  Other noninterest income.................................      71,498       59,859       51,559       46,069       42,121
  Noninterest expense......................................     224,480      199,218      164,771      160,805      177,833
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Earnings (loss) before income taxes, extraordinary item,
    and accounting changes.................................      85,235       56,635       33,559       24,349      (26,380)
  Applicable income taxes (benefit)........................      23,967       15,196        6,051        1,639       (4,111)
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Earnings (loss) before extraordinary item and accounting
    changes................................................      61,268       41,439       27,508       22,710      (22,269)
  Extraordinary item-defeasance of debt, net of taxes......      (3,206)          --           --           --           --
  Accounting changes, net of taxes.........................       5,001           --           --           --           --
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Net earnings (loss)......................................  $   63,063   $   41,439   $   27,508   $   22,710   $  (22,269)
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
PER COMMON SHARE DATA (2)
  Primary
    Earnings (loss) before extraordinary item and
      accounting changes...................................  $     2.69   $     2.10   $     1.59   $     1.20   $    (1.19)
    Extraordinary item-defeasance of debt, net of taxes....        (.16)          --           --           --           --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes.......................         .25           --           --           --           --
    Net earnings (loss)....................................        2.78         2.10         1.59         1.20        (1.19)
  Fully diluted
    Earnings (loss) before extraordinary item and
      accounting changes...................................        2.49         2.02         1.58         1.20        (1.19)
    Extraordinary item-defeasance of debt, net of taxes....        (.13)          --           --           --           --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes.......................         .21           --           --           --           --
    Net earnings (loss)....................................        2.57         2.02         1.58         1.20        (1.19)
  Cash dividends...........................................         .72          .60          .48          .48          .48
  Book value...............................................       18.96        16.34        14.99        13.61        12.46
  Book value assuming conversion of convertible preferred
    stock..................................................       19.06        16.84        14.95        13.60        12.46
BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT PERIOD END)
  Total assets.............................................  $6,318,186   $5,262,184   $3,786,839   $4,004,710   $4,002,614
  Loans, net of unearned income............................   2,935,215    2,231,839    1,912,914    2,129,083    1,995,383
  Allowance for losses on loans............................      80,442       64,290       47,934       50,921       46,871
  Investment securities....................................   2,617,053    2,198,103    1,147,803    1,155,266    1,019,759
  Deposits.................................................   5,251,366    4,450,176    3,211,261    3,341,840    3,129,567
  Long-term debt (3)
    Parent Company.........................................     114,729       74,292       38,163       44,662       34,500
    Subsidiary Banks.......................................     160,501        2,864        3,922        4,103       39,021
  Total shareholders' equity...............................     477,300      356,211      269,446      237,035      240,591
  Average assets...........................................   6,249,339    4,742,832    3,839,744    4,053,820    3,988,348
  Average shareholders' equity.............................     446,994      329,492      247,859      243,783      265,233
  Average shares outstanding (in thousands)
      Primary..............................................      19,622       16,765       16,632       18,641       18,761
      Fully diluted........................................      23,852       19,609       16,986       18,981       18,761
PROFITABILITY AND CAPITAL RATIOS
  Before extraordinary item and accounting changes
    Return on average assets...............................         .98%         .87%         .72%         .56%          NM%
    Return on average common equity........................       15.18        13.65        11.18         9.34           NM
  Net earnings
    Return on average assets...............................        1.01%         .87%         .72%         .56%          NM%
    Return on average common equity........................       15.70        13.65        11.18         9.34           NM
  Net interest income (taxable-equivalent) to average
    earning assets.........................................        4.34         4.61         4.63         4.00         3.81
  Loans/deposits...........................................       55.89        50.15        59.57        63.71        63.76
  Common and preferred dividend payout ratio...............       34.07        38.93        32.71        40.81           NM
  Equity/assets (period end)...............................        7.55         6.77         7.12         5.92         6.01
  Average shareholders' equity/average total assets........        7.15         6.95         6.46         6.01         6.65
  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets...................       14.85        13.81        12.19         9.57           NA
  Total capital to risk-weighted assets....................       18.59        16.33        14.93        12.17           NA
  Leverage ratio...........................................        7.10         6.85         6.94         5.71         5.76
ASSET QUALITY RATIOS
  Allowance/period end loans...............................        2.74%        2.88%        2.51%        2.39%        2.35%
  Nonperforming loans/total loans..........................         .76         1.70         1.37          .98          .88
  Allowance/nonperforming loans............................      362.83       168.97       182.98       244.77       267.65
  Nonperforming assets/loans and foreclosed property.......         .92         1.99         1.90         1.62         1.26
  Provision/average loans..................................         .35          .86         1.23          .93         2.50
  Net charge-offs/average loans............................         .37          .83         1.38         1.10         2.25
</TABLE>
 
NA -- Not available NM -- Not meaningful
 
(1) Reference is made to "Basis of Presentation" in Note 1 to the consolidated
    financial statements.
(2) Share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated for a
    two-for-one stock split effected March 3, 1989 and for acquisitions
    accounted for as poolings of interests.
(3) Long-term debt includes subordinated notes and debentures, obligations under
    capital leases, mortgage indebtedness, and notes payable with maturities
    greater than a year. Subsidiary banks' long-term debt in 1993 is primarily
    FHLB advances.
 
                                       35
<PAGE>   38
 
         MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                            AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
 
     Union Planters Corporation (the Corporation), a $6.3 billion multi-bank
holding company and savings and loan holding company incorporated in 1971 under
the laws of Tennessee and headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee, is the third
largest independent bank holding company headquartered in Tennessee. The
Corporation's activities are conducted through its lead bank, Union Planters
National Bank (UPNB), and 28 community banks and three savings and loan
subsidiaries (collectively, the Community Banks) located in Tennessee,
Mississippi, Arkansas, and Alabama (see Table 15). Subsequent to December 31,
1993 and through March 1, 1994, the Corporation acquired two bank holding
companies and one stand-alone bank, resulting in the Corporation having two
subsidiary banks in Kentucky and four additional banks in Tennessee. A listing
of the individual communities served by the Corporation's banking subsidiaries
is presented on page 59 of this report.
 
     The Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides a diversified range of
banking and financial services in the communities in which it operates,
including consumer, commercial and corporate lending, retail banking, mortgage
banking and other ancillary financial services normally furnished by
full-service financial institutions. Primarily through UPNB, the Corporation
also is engaged in mortgage servicing; investment management and trust services;
the issuance and servicing of credit and debit cards; and the origination,
packaging, and securitization of loans, primarily the government-guaranteed
portions of Small Business Administration (SBA) loans.
 
     This section of the annual report provides a narrative discussion and
analysis of the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition for
the last three years. The foregoing financial statements and related notes and
the financial tables which follow this discussion should be considered an
integral part of this analysis.
 
ACQUISITIONS
 
     Acquisitions have been and are expected to continue to be an important part
of the expansion of the Corporation's business. Over the last three years, the
Corporation has acquired 16 financial institutions which have increased total
assets by approximately $2.9 billion. Reference is made to Note 2 to the
financial statements and Tables 3 and 15 for additional information concerning
the institutions acquired.
 
     Management's philosophy has been to provide additional diversification of
the revenue sources and earnings of the Corporation through the acquisition of
small-and medium-size financial institutions, allowing them to, where
practicable, remain separate entities, and to retain their names and boards of
directors as well as substantial autonomy in their day-to-day operations which
permits the institutions to grow within their markets without disruption.
Certain larger strategic acquisitions, Metropolitan and Fidelity (Note 2 to the
financial statements), have also been made.
 
     This philosophy has made the Corporation an attractive acquiror of
financial institutions. Certain functions such as loan review, audit, payroll,
insurance management, data processing, and investment portfolio management are
centralized. Management believes that this philosophy provides the institution
with an environment which promotes high performance.
 
     All of the Corporation's Community Banks have been acquired since 1986 and
are generally located in nonmetropolitan towns and communities, with the
exception of the Metropolitan and Fidelity acquisitions, and provide banking
services and loan products to such communities with an emphasis on single-family
residential mortgages, consumer, and small commercial lending. Of the 31
Community Banks owned at December 31, 1993, 18 have the largest deposit share
and seven have the second largest deposit share in their respective markets
providing UPC with a strong competitive position in those markets.
 
     The Corporation expects to continue to take advantage of the consolidation
of the financial industry by further developing its franchise through
acquisitions. Future acquisitions, as have certain acquisitions in the past, may
entail the payment by the Corporation of consideration in excess of the book
value of the underlying assets being acquired and may result in the issuance of
additional shares of the Corporation's Common and Preferred Stock or the
incurring of additional indebtedness by the Corporation, which may rank senior
to outstanding subordinated debt, and could have a dilutive effect on earnings
or book value per share of the Corporation in the short-term.
 
                                       36
<PAGE>   39
 
     In 1994, the Corporation plans to organize and capitalize as four separate
Tennessee operating subsidiaries the regional locations of UPNB in Middle
Tennessee (Nashville and Murfreesboro), East Tennessee (Knoxville), Jackson, and
Chattanooga in order to enhance profitability in these regions by providing
better community and customer focus. The new banks will operate the same as the
Corporation's other subsidiary banks. UPNB's assets will decline approximately
$1.5 billion to approximately $2.0 billion following the capitalization of the
new entities. Dividends from UPNB are expected to provide the funding for the
capitalization of the separate banks.
 
     The Corporation also has plans to merge four existing banking subsidiaries
into two of the newly created subsidiaries. These mergers are expected to be
made because of their geographic proximity to the institutions being formed.
These mergers are expected to take place over the next few years. Management
believes the Corporation's consolidated balance sheet and results of operations
will not be significantly impacted by these transactions.
 
1993 PERFORMANCE SUMMARY
 
     The Corporation reported record net earnings of $63.1 million in 1993, a
52% increase over net earnings of $41.4 million in 1992, compared to net
earnings of $27.5 million in 1991. Fully diluted earnings per common share were
$2.57 in 1993, compared to $2.02 and $1.58 in 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Returns on average assets (ROA) and on average common equity (ROE), key
measurements of profitability in the banking industry, were 1.01% and 15.70%,
respectively, in 1993, versus .87% and 13.65%, respectively, in 1992. ROA and
ROE in 1991 were .72% and 11.18%, respectively.
 
     Included in net earnings in 1993 was a net benefit of $1.8 million, or $.08
per fully diluted common share, from the cumulative effect of certain accounting
changes partially offset by an extraordinary item related to the in-substance
defeasance of debt. Reference is made to Notes 9, 15, and 16 for additional
information regarding these items.
 
     The improvement in earnings in 1993 resulted from continued growth of net
interest income through acquisitions and existing operations, a lower provision
for losses on loans related to a significant improvement in asset quality, and a
reduction in provisions for resolution of litigation and certain operating
expenses. The impact of banks acquired accounted for approximately one fourth of
the improvement in net earnings. The growth in earnings between 1991 and 1992
was due to a favorable interest rate environment, acquisitions, investment
securities gains, and lower provisions for losses on loans partially offset by
one-time expenses and increased expenses from acquisitions.
 
     UPNB had net earnings of $35.6 million in 1993, compared to $27.1 million
in 1992. ROA and ROE in 1993 were 1.07% and 15.26%, respectively, compared to
.89% and 14.07%, respectively, in 1992. The Community Banks had net earnings of
$30.2 million in 1993, compared to $24.2 million in 1992. ROA and ROE for the
Community Banks were 1.01% and 11.86%, respectively, compared to 1.36% and
16.71%, respectively, in 1992. The Community Banks' decline in ROA and ROE in
1993 was due primarily to one-time charges related to institutions acquired in
1993 and provisions for conversion to a new data processing system.
 
     Table 1 summarizes the operating results for each of the major operating
units of the Corporation for each of the last five years. Additionally, Table 2
presents for the last five years the specific contributions to fully diluted
earnings per common share. A more detailed analysis of results of operations and
financial condition follows.
 
                               EARNINGS ANALYSIS
 
NET INTEREST INCOME
 
     Net interest income is the single most significant component of the
Corporation's earnings. For purposes of this discussion, net interest income has
been adjusted to a fully taxable-equivalent basis for certain tax-exempt loans
and investment securities. Reference is made to Tables 4 and 5 which present the
Corporation's average balance sheet and rate and volume analysis for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993.
 
     In 1993, net interest income increased 24% from 1992, primarily as a result
of acquisitions. A favorable interest rate environment and acquisitions were the
primary reasons for the 24% growth of
 
                                       37
<PAGE>   40
 
net interest income between 1991 and 1992. Net interest income was $247.9
million in 1993, compared to $200.0 million in 1992 and $161.3 million in 1991.
 
     Taxable-equivalent interest income increased 18% in 1993 to $412.5 million
and increased 3% in 1992 to $349.4 million, due primarily to the growth of
earning assets from the Corporation's acquisitions. Average earning assets were
$5.7 billion in 1993, compared to $4.3 billion and $3.5 billion in 1992 and
1991, respectively. Loans and investment securities represented 49% and 45%,
respectively, of average earning assets in 1993, compared to 50% and 42%,
respectively, in 1992 and 58% and 32%, respectively, in 1991.
 
     The shift in the mix of average earning assets to investment securities is
primarily due to the acquisition of deposits from the RTC (Metropolitan, Note 2
to the financial statements) in 1992 which provided approximately $500 million
in cash which was invested in investment securities. Acquisitions of other
institutions with low loan-to-deposit ratios, strong competition for good
quality loans, run-off of indirect consumer lending (a segment of lending no
longer emphasized), pay-offs of mortgage loans because of heavy refinancing
activity, and a reduction by management in the number of large loan
relationships have all contributed to the mix change.
 
     The taxable-equivalent yield on average earning assets has declined from
9.75% in 1991 to 7.21% in 1993. This is due to the declining interest rate
environment over the last three years which has resulted in funds being invested
at lower rates as higher earning assets mature or reprice. This downward trend
is expected to continue unless a significant increase in interest rates should
occur. Loan volume is beginning to increase and should improve with the economy
which would help offset the decline in yield on earning assets.
 
     Interest income has also increased due to an increase in average
interest-free deposits (demand deposits) of $190 million and $81 million in 1993
and 1992, respectively, which provided additional investable funds.
Approximately 60% of the increase is attributable to acquisitions and the
remaining portion is attributable to growth due to the low interest rate
environment. Individuals are not as concerned with balances in noninterest
bearing accounts as they are when interest rates are higher. Corporate customers
are required to keep higher compensating balances because of the low interest
credits for their balances.
 
     Mortgage servicing-related demand deposits have not increased significantly
between 1992 and 1993; however, they are at historically high levels due
essentially to the high volume of refinancing activity in both years. A rising
interest rate environment would result in a decline in such deposits, since
refinancing activity would be expected to decline.
 
     In 1993, interest expense increased 10% to $164.5 million following a 16%
decline in interest expense in 1992. The increase in 1993 is primarily the
result of a $1.2 billion increase in average interest-bearing liabilities to
$5.0 billion. The majority of the increase relates to acquisitions which
increased interest-bearing deposits. Also increasing interest expense was a $100
million increase in average Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances in 1993 which
were made to lock in interest rate spreads by borrowing low cost funds from the
FHLB and investing the proceeds in higher yielding assets. The decline in
interest expense between 1991 and 1992 was due primarily to a decline in market
interest rates partially offset by an increase in interest-bearing deposits
mostly attributable to acquisitions.
 
     The rates paid for interest-bearing liabilities have continued to decline
over the last three years. In 1991, the average rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities was 5.78%, declining to 3.92% in 1992 and to 3.29% in 1993.
Management expects rates to begin to gradually increase over the next twelve
months.
 
     The repricing of earning assets in the current low interest rate
environment has put downward pressure on the net interest margin in 1993. This
follows two years of growth in the margin due to a declining interest rate
environment in which interest-bearing liabilities repriced downward faster than
interest-earning assets did which was offset in 1992 by a decline related
primarily to the Metropolitan transaction in the first quarter of 1992. In 1993,
the repricing of earning assets at lower interest rates continued while the
repricing of interest-bearing liabilities at lower interest rates was not as
dramatic. The interest rate spread in 1993 was 3.92%, compared to 4.13% in 1992
and 3.97% in 1991. Over the last three years, the net interest margin declined
from 4.63% in 1991 to 4.61% in 1992 and 4.34% in 1993.
 
     The decline of the net interest margin is expected to continue in 1994,
unless significant loan growth should occur. Generally rising interest rates
will result in continued downward pressure on the
 
                                       38
<PAGE>   41
 
net interest margin as interest-bearing liabilities are expected to reprice
before interest-earning assets. Loan demand is beginning to increase which
should partially offset any negative impact from rising interest rates.
Reference is made to the "Asset/Liability Management" discussion for additional
information regarding how the Corporation is positioned to react to changing
interest rates.
 
     In 1993, the Corporation entered into three off-balance-sheet interest rate
swaps to lessen the Corporation's sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations (see
Note 17 to the financial statements). The impact of these interest rate swaps on
the Corporation's net interest income was not significant in 1993.
 
PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The provision for losses on loans (the provision) is the charge to earnings
to increase the allowance for losses on loans to the level required to cover
potential losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Management's policy is to
maintain the allowance for losses on loans at a level considered necessary to
absorb all estimated losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Reference is made to
"Allowance for Losses on Loans", "Nonperforming Assets" and "Potential Problem
Assets" discussions for additional information regarding items that may impact
the provision.
 
     In 1993, the provision was $9.7 million, down $8.9 million from $18.6
million in 1992 which compared to $24.8 million in 1991. The decline in the
provision is reflective of improving asset quality. Financial institutions
acquired during 1993 increased the provision by approximately $3.9 million.
Excluding the impact of acquisitions, management does not expect the provision
to increase significantly in 1994.
 
NONINTEREST INCOME
 
     Noninterest income increased 2% in 1993, compared to a 20% increase in
1992. Excluding securities gains, the increase in 1993 was 15% compared to 6% in
1992. The components of noninterest income are detailed in the statement of
earnings and Note 14 to the financial statements.
 
     The increase in noninterest income in 1993 is primarily attributable to
acquisitions which increased noninterest income approximately $8.8 million,
derived primarily from service charges on deposit accounts, mortgage servicing
income, credit life insurance commissions, and safe deposit rentals. Also
contributing to the increase were the revenues of the SBA Loan Trading operation
which increased $2.0 million in 1993 to $6.6 million. This operation purchases,
pools, and securitizes the government-guaranteed portions of SBA loans.
Partially offsetting these increases was a decline in the revenues from the
Capital Markets operation which decreased $3.4 million to $2.1 million in 1993.
Capital Markets purchases, pools, and securitizes portfolios of whole mortgage
loans, consumer paper, and other financial instruments and sells the resulting
securities in the open market. Revenues of the Capital Markets operation have
declined over the past three years due to increased competition and the low
interest rate environment. Both the SBA and Capital Markets operations' revenues
are volatile from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and future levels cannot
be predicted with any certainty. Noninterest income also declined $2.6 million
from 1992 to 1993 due to noninterest income of $3.5 million and $901,000,
respectively, which was related to a troubled debt restructuring. Mortgage
servicing income declined $900,000 in 1993 to $7.6 million due to the low
interest rate environment which has resulted in a record level of refinancing of
mortgage loans. Merchant credit card fees continued to grow in 1993. Trust
service income increased 12% in 1993, following a 4% decline in 1992.
 
     In 1992, revenues increased $3.5 million due to the troubled debt
restructuring mentioned above. Revenues from the SBA Loan Trading operation
increased $2.2 million in 1992 to $4.6 million, compared to $2.4 million in
1991. Also contributing to the increase were increased earnings of $1.9 million
from VSIBG, the limited partnership formed when the Corporation restructured its
broker/dealer operations in 1990. Service charges on deposit accounts increased
$1.4 million to $20.8 million in 1992, compared to $19.4 million in 1991. The
increase in service charge income was essentially due to acquisitions. Partially
offsetting these increases was a 1992 decrease in revenues from the Capital
Markets operation of $6.8 million to $5.5 million, compared to total revenues of
$12.3 million in 1991.
 
     Investment securities gains were $4.6 million in 1993, compared to $13.2
million in 1992 and compared to $3.3 million in 1991. Securities gains in all
three years were due to various restructuring activities within the investment
securities portfolio.
 
                                       39
<PAGE>   42
 
     Noninterest income is expected to continue to grow primarily through
acquisitions but also through growth of existing operations and development of
new products. Securities gains or losses from the available for sale portfolio
may occur as a result of changing economic conditions and other factors deemed
to require portfolio restructuring. Mortgage servicing income is expected to
continue to decline until the refinancing activity slows. Revenues from merchant
credit card fees, trust income, and service charges on deposits are expected to
continue to increase.
 
NONINTEREST EXPENSE
 
     Noninterest expenses increased 13% in 1993 to $224.5 million, following a
21% increase in 1992 to $199.2 million from $164.8 million in 1991. The
components of noninterest expense are detailed in the statement of earnings and
Note 14 to the financial statements.
 
     Included in the increase in expenses in 1993, 1992, and 1991 were certain
unusual expenses as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1993       1992        1991
                                                               ----       -----       -----
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
    <S>                                                        <C>        <C>         <C>
    Data processing conversion costs.........................  $4.4       $  --       $  --
    Merger related expenses..................................   2.1          --          --
    Write-off of intangibles.................................   1.2          --         1.1
    Provisions for litigation settlements....................    --         9.0         7.6
    Provisions for abandoned property........................    --         5.2         1.6
    Accelerated amortization of other intangibles............   1.4         1.6          --
    Accelerated amortization of mortgage servicing rights....    .5         8.2          --
                                                               ----       -----       -----
              Total..........................................  $9.6       $24.0       $10.3
                                                               ----       -----       -----
                                                               ----       -----       -----
</TABLE>
 
     Salaries and employee benefits which are the largest component of
noninterest expense were $98.9 million in 1993, a 32% increase from $74.8
million in 1992 and compared to $69.8 million in 1991. The majority of the
increase is related to acquisitions. In 1993, acquisitions accounted for almost
75% of the increase. Full-time-equivalent employees have increased from 2,161 in
1991 to 2,539 in 1992 and to 3,003 in 1993. Acquired institutions increased
full-time-equivalent employees by 487 in 1993.
 
     Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted the provisions of SFAS
No. 106 and SFAS No. 112 which changed the accounting for postretirement and
postemployment benefits (Note 15 to the financial statements). The Corporation
elected to expense on January 1, 1993, the accumulated postretirement and
postemployment obligations of $9.6 million ($5.9 million after taxes) instead of
amortizing the obligation to expense over 20 years as permitted by the new
standards. The ongoing impact of these accounting changes is not expected to
increase expenses significantly over current levels.
 
     Occupancy and equipment expense increased 25% in 1993, following a 20%
increase in 1992. The increases are primarily related to acquisitions which have
significantly increased the number of branch locations (see the inside front
cover of this report for a listing of the branch locations). The increase in
these expenses was limited due to "negative goodwill" resulting from the
Fidelity acquisition in 1992 which allowed the Corporation to write down the
fixed assets of Fidelity by the amount of negative goodwill which resulted in
lower occupancy and equipment expense of approximately $2.3 million annually.
 
     UPNB completed the Union Planters Administrative Center at the end of 1991,
and in February 1994, completed a new headquarters building. The addition of
these two new buildings is not expected to significantly impact the
Corporation's total occupancy and equipment expenses because existing buildings
have been sold and operating efficiencies are being realized from the new
buildings.
 
     Other noninterest expenses decreased $5.2 million in 1993 to $93.9 million,
following an increase of $25.3 million between 1991 and 1992 to $99.1 million.
The major changes relate to the unusual and one-time charges noted above and to
the impact of acquisitions.
 
     The most significant other changes in other noninterest expense are: (i)
FDIC insurance assessment expense which increased $3.6 million in 1993 to $12.7
million, compared to $9.1 million and $6.8 million in 1992 and 1991,
respectively, due to an increase by the FDIC in its premium rate in 1991 and
higher levels of deposits primarily attributable to acquisitions; (ii) legal
fees, which have been a significant part of noninterest expense, decreased $2.9
million in 1993 to $2.3 million, compared to
 
                                       40
<PAGE>   43
 
$5.2 million and $4.3 million in 1992 and 1991, respectively, attributable to
the final resolution of a significant amount of litigation; (iii) other real
estate expenses declined 30% in 1993 to $2.3 million from $3.2 million in 1992
and $2.4 million in 1991, primarily due to improving asset quality; (iv)
merchant credit card charges grew 17% to $4.6 million in 1993, compared to $3.9
million in 1992 and $3.1 million in 1991 (increased in relation to merchant
credit card fee income which also increased over these periods). Other
noninterest expenses (detailed in Note 14 to the financial statements) have
increased primarily due to acquisitions.
 
     Management is committed to controlling and reducing noninterest expenses
where possible. With the downward pressure on the net interest margin,
management is evaluating ways to further reduce noninterest expenses. Tight
controls remain in effect on discretionary expenses. The one-time expenses
identified previously are not expected to impact future earnings.
 
     In the last half of 1993, management made a decision to convert all of the
Corporation's subsidiaries to a common data processing system. As noted above,
the Corporation provided for data processing conversion costs in 1993 of $4.4
million. Once the conversion is completed, the Corporation's ongoing operating
costs are expected to be reduced significantly. Management has estimated annual
cost savings of approximately $6.0 million from the conversion of existing
institutions to the new data processing system. However, there can be no
assurance that savings of that magnitude will be realized. As the Corporation
acquires financial institutions, provisions will be required to convert their
data processing systems to the common system. The impact of such provisions
cannot be estimated at this time.
 
TAXES
 
     In the first quarter of 1993, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 109,
"Accounting for Income Taxes" (see Note 16 to the financial statements).
Applicable income taxes consist of provisions for federal and state income
taxes. Applicable income taxes before the cumulative effect of accounting
changes and the extraordinary item were $24.0 million in 1993, compared with
$15.2 million and $6.1 million, respectively, in 1992 and 1991.
 
     Effective tax rates before the cumulative effects of accounting changes and
the extraordinary item for 1993, 1992, and 1991 were 28.1%, 26.8%, and 18.0%,
respectively. The variances from statutory rates are attributable primarily to
income from tax-exempt investment securities and loans and utilization of both
federal and state net operating loss carryforwards. The tax provision for 1993
was also affected by the enactment of tax law changes which became effective
during the third quarter of 1993. This legislation resulted in a $2.9 million
reduction in the tax provision for current operations. These changes were
primarily due to the deduction of previously nondeductible amortization of
certain intangible assets and the impact on the deferred tax asset of the
increase in the federal tax rate to 35%. These benefits have been partially
offset by the increase in the federal tax rate to 35% for the current year
provision. For additional information regarding the Corporation's effective tax
rate and the composition of income tax expense for the last three years, see
Note 16 to the financial statements.
 
     The realization of approximately $7.4 million of the deferred tax asset of
$39.6 million is dependent upon generation of future taxable income sufficient
to offset these deductions. Management believes that, based upon historical
earnings and anticipated future earnings, normal operations will continue to
generate sufficient future taxable income to realize all of these benefits.
Because this income should be generated without requiring changes to the current
operating environment of the Corporation, no extraordinary strategies are deemed
necessary by management to generate sufficient income for purposes of realizing
the deferred tax asset.
 
     The criteria for recognition of the deferred tax asset for regulatory
capital purposes are more stringent than for financial statement purposes and
allow only limited anticipation of future taxable income. Approximately $1.9
million of the Corporation's deferred tax asset has been disallowed for
regulatory capital purposes. See Table 13 for the risk-based capital
computation.
 
                          FINANCIAL CONDITION ANALYSIS
 
     During 1993, the Corporation's balance sheet grew significantly as the
Corporation completed twelve acquisitions. At December 31, 1993, total assets
were $6.3 billion compared to $5.3 billion at December 31, 1992. Average total
assets were $6.2 billion in 1993, compared to $4.7 billion in 1992. The
 
                                       41
<PAGE>   44
 
following is a more detailed discussion of the changes in the financial
condition of the Corporation between 1993 and 1992.
 
MONEY MARKET INVESTMENTS
 
     Money market investments include interest-bearing deposits at financial
institutions, federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to
resell, trading account securities, and loans held for sale. These investments
provide the Corporation with a ready source of liquidity. Table 12 details these
investments at December 31 for each of the last three years and Table 4 presents
the average balances, interest income, and weighted average yields for the last
three years. At December 31, 1993, these investments totaled $289 million and
averaged $357 million in 1993 with an average yield of 4.39%. This compares to
$378 million at December 31, 1992 and an average balance of $343 million in 1992
with an average yield of 5.37%. The most significant components of these
investments are federal funds sold and trading account securities, which are
primarily the government-guaranteed portions of SBA loans.
 
INVESTMENT SECURITIES
 
     Prior to January 1, 1994, investment securities included securities held
for sale and securities held for investment. At December 31, 1993, investment
securities represented 45% of total earning assets. Note 4 to the financial
statements details the components of the investment portfolio at December 31,
1993 and 1992, and the maturities and weighted average yields at December 31,
1993. Table 4 presents the average balance, tax-equivalent interest income, and
tax-equivalent yield of investment securities for each of the last three years.
 
     Effective January 1, 1994, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" which is
discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements.
 
     Upon adoption of SFAS No. 115, the Corporation transferred all securities
currently in the held for sale and held for investment portfolios, except for
obligations of states and political subdivisions, to the available for sale
category. The total amount of securities transferred on January 1, 1994 to the
available for sale portfolio from the held for sale and held for investment
portfolios was $2.2 billion ($595 million and $1.6 billion, respectively).
 
  Held for Sale
 
     At December 31, 1993, held for sale securities were $595 million, compared
to $477 million at December 31, 1992. The held for sale portfolio had unrealized
gains of $5.6 million and unrealized losses of $234,000 at year end 1993 which
compared to $9.1 million and $212,000, respectively, at year end 1992. The
decline in the amount of unrealized gains is primarily attributable to changes
in the composition of the portfolio. Held for sale securities (available for
sale securities under SFAS No. 115) may be sold in response to changes in
interest rates, liquidity needs, or asset/liability strategies. The largest
component of this portfolio is $234 million of mortgage-backed securities. In
the low interest rate environment, the Corporation has some exposure to
prepayments for these securities and monitors the portfolio on an ongoing basis.
Proceeds from the sales and maturities of these securities totaled $795 million
in 1993, resulting in net realized gains of $2.8 million.
 
  Held for Investment
 
     Securities held for investment totaled $2.0 billion at December 31, 1993,
compared to $1.7 billion at December 31, 1992. Unrealized gains and losses in
this portfolio totaled $41.2 million and $2.4 million, respectively, at December
31, 1993, compared to $34.1 million and $1.6 million, respectively, at December
31, 1992. The increases in this portfolio were primarily in obligations of state
and political subdivisions (49% of the increase) and U.S. Treasury securities
(33% of the increase). Proceeds from in-substance maturities (sales of
securities within 90 days of maturity) and calls of these securities totaled
$1.0 billion in 1993, resulting in net realized gains of $1.8 million.
 
LOANS
 
     Loans are the largest component of the Corporation's earning assets. At
December 31, 1993, loans totaled $2.9 billion, compared to $2.2 billion at
December 31, 1992. Average loans were $2.8 billion in 1993, compared to $2.2
billion in 1992, with average yields of 8.79% and 9.30%, respectively. Table 7
presents the composition of the loan portfolio for each of the last five years.
The Corporation's
 
                                       42
<PAGE>   45
 
acquisitions have significantly impacted loans. Acquisitions completed in 1993
added $649 million to loans (see Table 3).
 
     During the past three years, adverse economic conditions and strong
competition have resulted in limited opportunities to make quality loans.
Moreover, to lessen risk, management has reduced the in-house lending limits to
large borrowers. The growth in the loan portfolio from acquisitions has been
primarily in real estate loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties and
consumer loans. The growth through acquisitions has been partially offset by a
decline in single family residential loans, predominately adjustable-rate loans,
due to refinancing activity caused by the low interest rate environment. During
the fourth quarter of 1993, some growth occurred in commercial lending. The
Community Banks have provided some growth in 1993. Average loans, excluding the
impact of acquisitions, increased $71 million in 1993.
 
     Management expects loan growth to increase in 1994 as the economy continues
to improve. Emphasis will continue to be placed on expanding the portfolio of
residential real estate and consumer loans. Commercial lending activity is also
expected to increase in 1994.
 
ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The allowance for losses on loans (the allowance) at December 31, 1993, was
$80.4 million, or 2.74% of loans, compared to $64.3 million, or 2.88% of loans
at December 31, 1992. Management's policy is to maintain the allowance at a
level deemed sufficient to absorb estimated losses in the loan portfolio. The
adequacy of the allowance is reviewed in detail quarterly taking into account
current and anticipated economic conditions and the related impact on specific
borrowers and industry groups, historical loan loss experience, the level of
classified and nonperforming loans, reviews and evaluations of specific loans,
changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, and the results of
regulatory examinations. In the Corporation's due diligence investigation of
potential acquisition candidates, this same type of evaluation is made to
determine whether the institutions being acquired have the same reserve
standards as the Corporation. Tables 8 and 10 present detailed information
regarding the allowance for each of the last five years.
 
     The significant increase in the allowance in 1993 was the result of
acquisitions which increased the allowance by $16.6 million. Net charge-offs as
a percentage of average loans declined to .37% in 1993, compared to .83% in 1992
which reflects the improving asset quality trend. Gross charge-offs declined
$13.3 million to $18.8 million in 1993 (including $6.2 million for 1993
acquisitions), primarily in the commercial loan category. Recoveries of
previously charged-off loans were $8.7 million in 1993, down from $14.2 million
in 1992. Recoveries in 1992 included a $7.0 million recovery of one loan
resulting from the consummation of a troubled debt restructuring.
 
     Excluding the impact of acquisitions, management does not expect any
significant increase in charge-offs or the provision for losses on loans in
1994. Credit quality has improved significantly in the last twelve months and no
significant negative trends have been noted. If significant loan growth should
occur, some increase in the provision for losses on loans would be expected.
 
LOAN CONCENTRATIONS
 
     Management believes that the Corporation's loan portfolio is adequately
diversified. Diversification is considered important because it reduces the
risks associated with changing economic conditions. The Corporation's Community
Banks and UPNB serve communities in Tennessee, Northern Mississippi, Northeast
Arkansas, Kentucky, and Alabama. At December 31, 1993, the Corporation had no
concentrations equaling 10% or more of loans in any single industry.
 
     The Corporation's largest concentration of loans is in single family
residential loans (35%) which historically have had low loss experience. Over
the last several years, management has also made efforts to diversify the loan
portfolio between large and smaller sized loans to lessen the Corporation's risk
exposure. Management believes that this objective has been achieved, since at
December 31, 1993, the Corporation had only $228 million of loans ($381 million
of commitments) where the relationship exceeded $5 million.
 
NONPERFORMING ASSETS
 
     Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual and restructured loans, other
real estate owned, and other foreclosed properties. Table 9 presents an analysis
of nonperforming assets and loans 90 days or
 
                                       43
<PAGE>   46
 
more past due for the last five years. Note 1 to the financial statements
describes the Corporation's policy for placing loans on nonperforming status.
 
     Nonperforming assets declined significantly in 1993 and were $27.0 million,
or .92% of loans and foreclosed properties at December 31, 1993, compared to
$44.5 million, or 1.99% of loans and foreclosed properties at December 31, 1992.
Nonperforming loans were $22.2 million, or .76% of loans, compared to $38.0
million, or 1.70% of loans, at December 31, 1992. Institutions acquired in 1993
accounted for approximately $4.2 million of the total nonperforming assets at
December 31, 1993.
 
     Nonaccrual loans represent the largest component of nonperforming assets
and totaled $14.6 million at year end 1993 compared to $36.7 million at year end
1992. The allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans
was 363% at year end 1993, compared to 169% at year end 1992. At December 31,
1993, the largest amounts of nonaccrual loans were concentrated in 1-4 family
residential loans ($4.5 million), commercial real estate loans ($3.6 million),
and commercial loans ($2.5 million). Excluding the impact of acquisitions,
management does not anticipate any significant increase in the level of
nonaccrual loans in 1994.
 
     The increase in restructured loans in 1993 relates primarily to one $6.0
million loan which was renegotiated during the second quarter of 1993. The
borrower is in compliance with the restructured terms and has demonstrated an
ability to make payments over a period of time. If the performance continues,
the Corporation expects to return the loan to performing status. Foreclosed
properties declined $1.7 million to $4.8 million at December 31, 1993.
 
POTENTIAL PROBLEM ASSETS
 
     Potential problem assets consist of assets which are generally secured and
not currently considered nonperforming, and include those assets where
information about possible credit problems has caused management to have serious
doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with present repayment
terms. Historically, these assets have been loans that become nonperforming. At
December 31, 1993, the Corporation had potential problem assets (all of which
were loans) totaling $6.5 million which are not expected to significantly impact
asset quality of the Corporation.
 
DEPOSITS
 
     The Corporation's deposit base is its primary source of liquidity. Total
deposits consist of deposits from the communities the Corporation serves with no
significant out-of-market deposits. Tables 4 and 6 present the average balances
and average rates paid on the Corporation's deposits.
 
     Average total deposits increased 30% in 1993 to $5.3 billion, compared to
$4.1 billion in 1992. At December 31, 1993, total deposits were $5.3 billion,
compared to $4.5 billion at December 31, 1992. Average deposits increased
primarily due to acquisitions in 1993 which increased total deposits
approximately $1.0 billion. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, deposits have
declined approximately $232 million between 1992 and 1993.
 
     The low interest rate environment over the last three years has caused
consumers to evaluate their interest-bearing deposits versus other investment
alternatives which has resulted in some disintermediation of deposits from the
banking system. Emphasis is being placed by management on nontraditional
investment products in an attempt to retain customers considering leaving the
deposit system.
 
     All categories of average deposits increased in 1993, principally from
acquisitions. Acquisitions were the primary reason for the increase in average
interest-bearing deposits of 29% between 1992 and 1993. Average
noninterest-demand deposits increased 37%, primarily from acquisitions but also
from growth due to the low interest rate environment. The current environment
requires commercial customers to maintain larger balances to offset the impact
of lower earnings credit rates and individuals are not as concerned with
noninterest-bearing balances as they are in a higher interest rate environment.
Finally, mortgage-related demand deposits are at historically high levels
because of prepayments due to refinancing activity.
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
     Shareholders' equity increased $121.1 million in 1993 to $477.3 million at
December 31, 1993. The ratio of shareholders' equity to total assets at December
31, 1993 and 1992 was 7.55% and 6.77%,
 
                                       44
<PAGE>   47
 
respectively. Common and preferred stock issued in connection with acquisitions
accounted for $74 million of the increase. Additionally, shareholders' equity
increased $5 million due to stock issued through stock options, employee benefit
plans, and the Corporation's dividend reinvestment plan. Retained net earnings
(earnings less dividends paid) increased shareholders' equity by $42 million.
Total dividends paid in 1993 totaled $21 million which represented a 34%
dividend payout ratio and compares to dividends paid of $16 million in 1992
which represented a 39% dividend payout ratio.
 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY
 
     The key to continued growth and profitability for the Corporation is to
maintain an adequate level of capital. Capital adequacy is determined based upon
the level of capital as well as asset quality, liquidity, earnings history,
economic conditions, and the level of acquisition activity.
 
     The Federal Reserve Board (Federal Reserve), the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency (OCC), the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS), and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) have adopted capital guidelines governing
the Corporation and its subsidiary banks and savings and loan institutions.
These guidelines require the maintenance of an amount of capital based on
risk-weighted assets in order that certain higher risk categories of assets will
have more capital backing them than lower risk assets. Capital is also required
to be maintained for certain off-balance-sheet activities such as loan
commitments and letters of credit.
 
     The regulatory capital guidelines divide capital into two tiers, Tier 1 and
Tier 2 capital. Tier 1 capital consists of common shareholders' equity,
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, a limited amount of cumulative
perpetual preferred stock, and minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries
less certain intangibles and one-half of investments in unconsolidated
subsidiaries. In certain other instances, other deductions may be required such
as a disallowed portion of a deferred tax asset or, until approved for
inclusion, the net adjustment to equity for the fair value adjustment to
available for sale investment securities (SFAS No. 115). Tier 2 capital includes
a portion of the allowance for losses on loans, preferred stock not qualifying
as Tier 1 capital, and qualifying subordinated debt. In determining the
risk-based capital requirements, assets are assigned risk weights of zero to 100
percent, depending on the regulatory assigned levels of credit risk associated
with such assets. Off-balance-sheet items are included in the calculation of
risk-adjusted assets through conversion factors established by the regulatory
agencies. At December 31, 1993, the Corporation's Tier 1 and Total capital to
risk-weighted assets ratios were 14.85% and 18.59%, respectively, well above
required regulatory minimums. These ratios compare to 13.81% and 16.33%,
respectively, at December 31, 1992.
 
     In addition to the risk-weighted capital requirements, the regulatory
agencies have established a leverage capital requirement. This is calculated by
dividing Tier 1 capital by unadjusted quarterly average total assets. At
December 31, 1993, the Corporation's leverage ratio was 7.10%, compared to 6.85%
at December 31, 1992, which exceeded the required regulatory minimums.
 
     The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA)
established five capital categories for banks, savings and loan associations,
and bank holding companies. Institutions are classified into the capital
categories based on their leverage ratio and Tier 1 and Total capital risk-
weighted ratios. At December 31, 1993, the Corporation and its subsidiary
financial institutions qualified for the "well-capitalized" capital category.
 
LIQUIDITY
 
     Liquidity for a financial institution is the ability to meet cash flow
requirements for deposit withdrawals, new loans, and loan commitments, and to
take advantage of attractive investment opportunities. The Corporation's primary
sources of liquidity are its deposit base and money market investments which
were discussed previously. Liquidity is also achieved through short-term
borrowing, borrowing under available credit lines, and the issuance of
securities and debt instruments in the marketplace.
 
     The parent company's primary source of liquidity is management fees and
dividends from subsidiaries. Note 12 to the financial statements provides a
discussion of the restrictions upon the Corporation's subsidiaries ability to
pay dividends and extend credit to the parent company. The number of subsidiary
financial institutions owned by the Corporation provides a diversified base for
the payment of dividends should one or more of the subsidiaries have capital
needs and be unable to pay dividends to the parent company.
 
                                       45
<PAGE>   48
 
     During 1993, the parent company issued $75 million of 6.25% Subordinated
Notes due 2003 under a $150 million shelf registration statement and received
net proceeds of approximately $74 million. Approximately $39 million of the
proceeds were used to in-substance defease the Corporation's 10 1/8%
Subordinated Debentures due 1999 (see Note 9 to the financial statements).
 
     At December 31, 1993, the parent company had cash and cash equivalents
totaling $102 million compared to $59 million at December 31, 1992, which
management believes provides the parent company with adequate liquidity.
Additional liquidity will be provided from management fees and dividends from
subsidiaries. The liquidity needs of the parent company are for the payment of
operating expenses of the parent company, dividends on outstanding Common and
Preferred Stock, repayment of debt, debt service, and funding for acquisitions.
Additionally, management has the option to call for redemption on or after
October 31, 1994, the Series C Preferred Stock currently outstanding, assuming
approval were granted by the Federal Reserve, although there can be no assurance
that such approval would be granted. Based on the current interest rate
environment and the Corporation's existing capital levels, it is probable that
the Corporation's right of redemption will be exercised.
 
ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT
 
     Asset/liability management is considered to be one of the most important
aspects of the Corporation's efforts to sustain profitability. The goal of the
Corporation's asset/liability management is to maximize net interest income
within acceptable levels of interest rate risk and liquidity. To achieve this
goal, a proper balance must be maintained between assets and liabilities with
respect to size, maturity, repricing, rates of return, and degrees of risk.
 
     The Corporation's Funds Management Committee oversees the conduct of global
asset/liability management for the Corporation. This committee reviews the
asset/liability structure and interest rate sensitivity of each affiliated
financial institution and that of the consolidated Corporation. While the
Corporation grants wide latitude to the management of its affiliated financial
institutions, it is the policy of the Corporation that each affiliate establish
policies for the proper conduct of balance sheet management. These policies
contain, at a minimum, limits on rate sensitivity, guidelines for liquidity
maintenance, and capital ratio guidelines.
 
     The Corporation performs rate-sensitivity analysis regularly to show
repricing amounts for the first twelve months, years one to two, years two
through five, and in a single category for all amounts occurring more than five
years from the analysis date. Table 11 presents the Corporation's rate-
sensitivity analysis at December 31, 1993.
 
     Balance sheet simulation analysis is also conducted to determine the impact
on net interest income for the next twelve months under several interest rate
scenarios. Projecting net interest income on one simulation which holds rates
and volumes constant indicates a declining net interest income versus 1993 as
normal roll-off and repricing of earning assets occurs at lower than historical
market rates. When this projection is subjected to immediate and parallel yield
curve shifts in interest rates ("rate shock") of 200 basis points, first rising
and then falling, the annual impact of the "rate shock" at December 31, 1993, on
the Corporation's net interest income was a positive $134,000 pre-tax and a
negative $5.6 million pre-tax, respectively, which is well within the
Corporation's policy limits.
 
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET INSTRUMENTS
 
     The Corporation uses off-balance-sheet instruments in order to manage
interest rate risk and generate fee income. Loan commitments, letters of credit,
futures and forward contracts, when-issued securities, and interest rate swaps
are not carried on the balance sheet. The income and expense related to these
instruments are reflected in the income statement. Note 17 to the financial
statements provides information on these off-balance-sheet instruments.
 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
     The required disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments
are included in Note 18 to the financial statements along with a summary of the
methods and assumptions used by the Corporation in determining the fair values.
The differences between the fair values and book values are primarily caused by
differences between contractual and market interest rates. Fair values have
 
                                       46
<PAGE>   49
 
varied from period-to-period due to the composition of the balance sheet and the
current interest rate environment.
 
     Management's opinion is that the information required in the SFAS No. 107
disclosure does not meaningfully reflect the underlying value of the Corporation
due to the requirements of SFAS No. 107 in the application of fair value
accounting. Comparisons of the fair value of the Corporation with other
financial institutions may not be meaningful due to differences in the
assumptions and methods used in determining fair values. Therefore, this
information is not used by management to manage the Corporation and its banking
subsidiaries. Other methods, including the asset/liability management philosophy
discussed previously, are used.
 
FOURTH QUARTER 1993 RESULTS
 
     Net earnings for the fourth quarter of 1993 were $13.0 million, an increase
of 13% over the same period in 1992. Fully diluted earnings per common share
were $.52, compared to $.55 a year ago. Net earnings for the fourth quarter of
1993 included an extraordinary loss, net of taxes, of $3.2 million, or $.06 per
fully diluted share, from the in-substance defeasance of the Corporation's
10 1/8% Subordinated Capital Debentures due 1999. Earnings before the
extraordinary item were $16.2 million, a 41% increase over the same period in
1992. Returns on average assets and average common equity before the
extraordinary loss were 1.02% and 15.11%, respectively, compared to .90% and
14.42%, respectively, for the fourth quarter of 1992.
 
     The improvement in fourth quarter results was due to continued growth of
net interest income, a lower provision for losses on loans, and growth of
noninterest income. Table 14 includes comparative quarterly operating results
for the fourth quarter of 1993 as well as for the previous seven quarters.
 
     Net interest income for the fourth quarter of 1993 increased 11% to $57.9
million, compared to $52.0 million for the fourth quarter of 1992. The increase
was primarily due to acquisitions. The provision for losses on loans declined
$6.1 million to $710,000 for the fourth quarter of 1993 which is reflective of
the Corporation's improving asset quality. Investment securities gains were
$642,000 for the fourth quarter of 1993, compared to $1.2 million in 1992. Other
noninterest income increased 1% in the fourth quarter of 1993, primarily due to
acquisitions. Other noninterest income for the fourth quarter of 1992 included
nonrecurring income of $3.5 million related to a troubled debt restructuring.
Noninterest expenses increased 11% in the fourth quarter of 1993 to $55.1
million. The increase was primarily attributable to companies acquired. Fourth
quarter 1993 expenses included nonrecurring expenses of approximately $1.5
million, compared to $1.7 million in the fourth quarter of 1992.
 
DIVIDENDS
 
     The Corporation paid cash dividends on its Common Stock totaling $13.0
million, or $.72 per share in 1993, compared to $10.0 million, or $.60 per share
in 1992. Dividends totaling $8.5 million were paid or accrued on the
Corporation's Preferred Stock outstanding, compared to $6.2 million in 1992. The
increase in the Preferred Stock dividends was due to the issuance of additional
shares of Preferred Stock in 1993. In January 1994, the Board of Directors
increased the regular quarterly dividend on the Corporation's Common Stock to
$.21 per share ($.84 annually).
 
     The Corporation's primary sources of cash available to pay dividends are
cash and cash equivalents of the parent company and management fees and
dividends from subsidiaries. The only current contractual restriction on the
Corporation's ability to pay dividends is a credit agreement which limits
dividends to 60% of the previous year's net earnings. Management does not expect
this restriction to affect the current dividend policy.
 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
 
     In the normal course of business, the Corporation replaces furniture and
equipment and builds new branch locations to better serve its customers.
Management has planned capital expenditures for 1994 totaling approximately $7.5
million. These expenditures are in various stages of planning and are not
expected to have a significant impact on the Corporation's future operating
results.
 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 
     The Corporation and its subsidiaries are defendants in various lawsuits. A
discussion of the significant legal matters can be found in Note 19 to the
financial statements. During 1991 and 1992, the
 
                                       47
<PAGE>   50
 
Corporation made provisions for litigation settlements totaling $9.0 million and
$7.6 million, respectively. Management does not expect any additional material
provisions for litigation for the foreseeable future. In 1992 and 1993, a
significant number of these lawsuits were finally resolved using previously
established provisions for litigation settlements. Management is of the opinion
that the Corporation's financial position will not be materially affected by the
ultimate resolution of litigation pending or known to be threatened at December
31, 1993.
 
IMPACT OF PROPOSED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
 
  SFAS No. 114 -- Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan
 
     In May 1993, SFAS No. 114 was issued. It is applicable to all creditors and
loans, and addresses the accounting for the impairment of loans,
uncollateralized as well as collateralized, except large groups of
smaller-balance, homogeneous loans (e.g. consumer and mortgage loans) that are
collectively evaluated for impairment, loans carried at fair value or at lower
of cost or fair value, leases, and debt securities as defined by SFAS No. 115.
Such loans are required to be measured based upon the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or, as a
practical expedient, at the loan's observable market price or fair value of the
underlying collateral if the loan should be collateral dependent. This statement
also applies to all loans that have been restructured in accordance with SFAS
No. 15. SFAS No. 114 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31,
1994, with earlier adoption encouraged. Management has not quantified the impact
of SFAS No. 114 on the financial statements but does not expect it to be
material to the financial position or operating results of the Corporation.
 
  Statement of Position No. 93-6 (SOP 93-6) -- Employers' Accounting for
     Employee Stock Ownership Plans
 
     In November 1993, SOP 93-6 was issued and is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 31, 1993. The SOP prescribes certain accounting and
disclosures required for employer stock ownership plans (ESOP) that contain
unallocated shares (i.e. leveraged ESOPs). The Corporation has reviewed the
provisions of SOP 93-6 and does not believe that the adoption of such will have
a material impact on the Corporation's financial position or results of
operation as all shares held by the Corporation's ESOP are allocated to its
participants (see Note 15 to the financial statements).
 
                                       48
<PAGE>   51
 
                   TABLE 1.  SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, (1)
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1993          1992          1991          1990         1989
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
COMMERCIAL BANKING
  Union Planters National Bank
    Net interest income...............................    $ 121,633     $ 117,199     $  91,060     $ 82,469     $ 82,791
    Provision for losses on loans.....................       (4,473)      (15,520)      (22,864)     (18,046)     (46,525)
    Noninterest income................................       51,228        49,346        51,875       41,393       33,281
    Noninterest expense...............................     (119,823)     (115,568)     (100,577)     (94,276)     (84,263)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Operating earnings (loss).....................       48,565        35,457        19,494       11,540      (14,716)
    Investment securities gains (losses)..............        2,860        11,626         4,052          699          (48)
    Gain on sale of collateral related to a troubled
      debt............................................          901         3,513            --           --           --
    Accelerated amortization of mortgage servicing
      rights..........................................         (500)       (8,200)           --           --           --
    Accelerated amortization of other intangibles.....       (1,203)       (1,379)           --           --           --
    Provisions for conversion of data processing
      systems.........................................       (1,547)           --            --           --           --
    Write-off of intangibles..........................          (28)           --            --           --       (4,051)
    Provision for litigation settlements..............           --            --          (675)        (225)          --
    Provisions for abandoned property.................           --        (5,200)       (1,643)          --           --
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Earnings (loss) before income taxes...........       49,048        35,817        21,228       12,014      (18,815)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
  Community Bank Subsidiaries
    Net interest income...............................      119,235        76,973        66,468       52,751       38,456
    Provision for losses on loans.....................       (5,216)       (3,037)       (1,971)      (1,120)      (2,704)
    Noninterest income................................       23,274        13,306        12,169        9,825        6,877
    Noninterest expense...............................      (90,408)      (53,202)      (48,691)     (39,637)     (28,491)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Operating earnings............................       46,885        34,040        27,975       21,819       14,138
    Investment securities gains (losses)..............        1,721         1,582           895       (1,080)      (1,335)
    Accelerated amortization of other intangibles.....         (182)         (270)           --           --           --
    Provisions for conversion of data processing
      systems.........................................       (2,877)           --            --           --           --
    Merger related expenses...........................       (2,113)           --            --           --           --
    Write-off of intangibles..........................       (1,181)           --        (1,053)          --           --
    Reversion of excess assets of pension plans.......           --            --            --           --        2,521
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Earnings before income taxes..................       42,253        35,352        27,817       20,739       15,324
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
BROKER/DEALER
  Profits and commissions from trading activities.....           --            --            --       19,024       36,700
  Less: Commissions paid..............................           --            --            --       (8,555)     (22,225)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Net profits and commissions...................           --            --            --       10,469       14,475
  Net interest income.................................           --            --            --        1,461        1,653
  Noninterest income..................................        3,652         3,920         2,031          203        1,996
  Noninterest expenses................................         (222)       (1,923)       (2,088)     (14,433)     (22,612)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Operating earnings (loss).....................        3,430         1,997           (57)      (2,300)      (4,488)
  Provisions for litigation settlements...............           --        (6,675)       (9,250)          --       (5,200)
  Write-off of goodwill...............................           --            --            --           --       (3,462)
  Loss on managed options account.....................           --            --            --           --       (1,141)
  Provisions for property write-downs.................           --            --            --         (272)        (750)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Earnings (loss) before income taxes...........        3,430        (4,678)       (9,307)      (2,572)     (15,041)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
PARENT COMPANY
  Net interest income (expense).......................       (6,263)       (3,035)       (3,973)      (2,357)         255
  Noninterest income, excluding subsidiary
    dividends(2)......................................        1,284            42           264            3           51
  Noninterest expense (3).............................       (4,517)       (4,576)       (3,192)      (3,618)      (4,243)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Operating earnings (loss).....................       (9,496)       (7,569)       (6,901)      (5,972)      (3,937)
  Investment securities gains (losses)................           --            38        (1,603)          40           89
  (Provisions) reversals for litigation settlements...           --        (2,325)        2,325          100       (4,000)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        Earnings (loss) before income taxes...........       (9,496)       (9,856)       (6,179)      (5,832)      (7,848)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        EARNINGS (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES,
          EXTRAORDINARY ITEM, AND ACCOUNTING
          CHANGES.....................................       85,235        56,635        33,559       24,349      (26,380)
Applicable income (taxes) benefit.....................      (23,967)      (15,196)       (6,051)      (1,639)       4,111
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        EARNINGS (LOSS) BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM AND
          ACCOUNTING CHANGES..........................       61,268        41,439        27,508       22,710      (22,269)
Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
  taxes...............................................       (3,206)           --            --           --           --
Accounting changes, net of taxes
  Postretirement/Postemployment obligations...........       (5,925)           --            --           --           --
  Income taxes........................................       10,926            --            --           --           --
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
        NET EARNINGS (LOSS)...........................    $  63,063     $  41,439     $  27,508     $ 22,710     $(22,269)
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
                                                          ---------     ---------     ---------     --------     --------
</TABLE>
 
(1) Individual line items will not total to the consolidated statement of
    earnings amounts due to eliminating entries.
 
(2) Net of intercompany dividends from bank subsidiaries of $28.1 million, $20.7
    million, $21.3 million, $19.7 million, and $31.8 million in 1993 through
    1989, respectively.
 
(3) Management fees charged to subsidiaries of $7.2 million, $5.9 million, $5.6
    million, $4.3 million, and $4.1 million in 1993 through 1989, respectively,
    have been netted against noninterest expense.
 
                                       49
<PAGE>   52
 
           TABLE 2. CONTRIBUTION TO FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          -----------------------------------------------
                                                                           1993      1992      1991      1990      1989
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                                       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net interest income-FTE.................................................  $ 10.40   $ 10.20   $  9.50   $  7.50   $  6.98
Provision for losses on loans...........................................    (0.41)    (0.95)    (1.46)    (1.01)    (2.62)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Net interest income after provision for losses on loans-FTE.............     9.99      9.25      8.04      6.49      4.36
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Noninterest income
  Service charges on deposits...........................................     1.20      1.06      1.14      0.89      0.79
  Profits and commissions from trading activities.......................     0.37      0.52      0.87      1.28      1.96
  Investment securities gains (losses)..................................     0.19      0.68      0.20     (0.02)    (0.07)
Other income............................................................     1.79      1.99      1.88      1.54      1.45
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Total noninterest income........................................     3.55      4.25      4.09      3.69      4.13
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Noninterest expense
  Salaries and employee benefits........................................    (4.15)    (3.81)    (4.10)    (4.07)    (4.26)
  Net occupancy expense.................................................    (0.67)    (0.67)    (0.62)    (0.58)    (0.59)
  Equipment expense.....................................................    (0.66)    (0.62)    (0.63)    (0.62)    (0.66)
  Other expense.........................................................    (3.93)    (5.06)    (4.35)    (3.20)    (3.97)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Total noninterest expense.......................................    (9.41)   (10.16)    (9.70)    (8.47)    (9.48)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Earnings (loss) before income taxes-FTE, extraordinary item, and
          accounting changes............................................     4.13      3.34      2.43      1.71     (0.99)
Applicable income taxes-FTE.............................................    (1.56)    (1.23)    (0.81)    (0.51)    (0.20)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Earnings (loss) before extraordinary item and accounting
          changes.......................................................     2.57      2.11      1.62      1.20     (1.19)
Extraordinary item and accounting changes, net of taxes.................     0.08        --        --        --        --
Preferred stock dividends...............................................    (0.08)    (0.09)    (0.04)       --        --
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Net earnings (loss).............................................  $  2.57   $  2.02   $  1.58   $  1.20   $ (1.19)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Change in net earnings applicable to fully diluted earnings per share
  using previous year average shares outstanding........................  $  1.10   $  0.75   $  0.22   $  2.40   $ (2.38)
Change in average shares outstanding....................................    (0.55)    (0.31)     0.16     (0.01)    (0.01)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
        Change in net earnings..........................................  $  0.55   $  0.44   $  0.38   $  2.39   $ (2.39)
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Average fully diluted shares (in thousands).............................   23,852    19,609    16,986    18,981    18,761
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
                                                                          -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
FTE -- Fully taxable-equivalent
</TABLE>
 
                    TABLE 3.  ACQUISITIONS COMPLETED IN 1993
                  BALANCES AT RESPECTIVE DATES OF ACQUISITION
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                SECURITY                                            TOTAL
                                                                 TRUST/                                           IMPACT ON
                                                      BOET      SAVETRUST    MARYVILLE     GBI(1)     OTHERS(2)      UPC
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
                                                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
ASSETS
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial
    institutions..................................  $  1,103    $  9,502     $     --     $    397    $  5,996    $    16,998
  Loans, net of unearned income...................   124,861     105,317      113,644      102,944     202,387        649,153
  Allowance for losses on loans...................    (2,636)     (1,889)      (3,496)      (2,156)     (6,430)       (16,607)
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
    Net loans.....................................   122,225     103,428      110,148      100,788     195,957       632,546
  Investment securities...........................    61,848     126,454       54,915       47,536     131,434       422,187
  Intangible assets...............................     7,009       4,396           --           --       6,783        18,188
  Cash and cash equivalents.......................    27,988      10,087       17,741       13,200      50,408       119,424
  Other real estate owned, net....................        --         610          868          710       1,183         3,371
  Premises and equipment..........................     7,292       4,365           --        8,120       8,020        27,797
  Other assets....................................     3,480       2,131        3,002        2,955       7,610        19,178
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
    TOTAL ASSETS..................................  $230,945    $260,973     $186,674     $173,706    $407,391    $1,259,689
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
LIABILITIES
  Deposits........................................  $196,088    $233,611     $168,960     $163,214    $349,771    $1,111,644
  Other interest-bearing liabilities..............     7,156          --           --        4,251       7,496        18,903
  Other liabilities...............................     2,401       5,383        3,627        1,485       4,679        17,575
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
    TOTAL LIABILITIES.............................  $205,645    $238,994     $172,587     $168,950    $361,946    $1,148,122
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
PURCHASE PRICE/CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION/EQUITY AT
  RESPECTIVE DATES OF ACQUISITION FOR POOLINGS....  $ 25,300    $ 21,979     $ 14,087     $  4,756    $ 45,445    $  111,567
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
                                                    --------    ---------    ---------    --------    --------    ----------
</TABLE>
 
(1) Amounts are as of January 1, 1993 for GBI, since it was accounted for as a
    pooling of interests.
 
(2) Includes FSB, FCB, Farmers Union, and Erin, which were accounted for as
    purchases. Also included are January 1, 1993 amounts for HHC, CSB, and FFS
    which were accounted for as poolings of interests. See Note 2 to the
    financial statements for additional information.
 
                                       50
<PAGE>   53
 
               TABLE 4. AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET AND INTEREST RATES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    1993                          1992                          1991
                                        ----------------------------  ----------------------------  ----------------------------
                                                    INTEREST   FTE                INTEREST   FTE                INTEREST   FTE
                                         AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/   AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/   AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/
                                         BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE    BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE    BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE
                                        ----------  --------  ------  ----------  --------  ------  ----------  --------  ------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                     <C>         <C>       <C>     <C>         <C>       <C>     <C>         <C>       <C>
ASSETS
  Interest-bearing deposits at
    financial institutions............. $   43,560  $  1,634   3.75%  $   80,682  $  3,999   4.96 % $  108,675  $  7,525   6.92 %
  Federal funds sold and securities
    purchased under agreements to
    resell.............................    143,758     4,602   3.20      115,557     4,280   3.70      118,492     6,606   5.58
  Trading account securities(1)........    120,061     6,194   5.16      105,116     6,648   6.32       63,286     5,419   8.56
  Loans held for resale................     49,699     3,239   6.52       41,817     3,457   8.27       51,369     4,671   9.09
  Investment securities
    Taxable securities.................  2,200,847   116,025   5.27    1,601,510   106,139   6.63      939,658    79,253   8.43
    Tax-exempt securities(1)...........    382,994    36,640   9.57      234,213    23,912  10.21      181,703    19,582  10.78
                                        ----------  --------          ----------  --------          ----------  --------
        Total investment securities....  2,583,841   152,665   5.91    1,835,723   130,051   7.08    1,121,361    98,835   8.81
                                        ----------  --------          ----------  --------          ----------  --------
  Loans, net of unearned income (1) and
    (2)................................  2,777,032   244,133   8.79    2,161,804   200,983   9.30    2,018,146   216,299  10.72
                                        ----------  --------          ----------  --------          ----------  --------
        Total earning assets(1)........  5,717,951   412,467   7.21    4,340,699   349,418   8.05    3,481,329   339,355   9.75
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
  Cash and due from banks..............    255,854                       198,659                       178,411
  Premises and equipment...............    131,304                        91,579                        76,722
  Allowance for losses on loans........    (80,933)                      (63,285)                      (51,530)
  Other assets.........................    225,163                       175,180                       154,812
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
        TOTAL ASSETS................... $6,249,339                    $4,742,832                    $3,839,744
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Money market accounts................ $1,326,050  $ 30,679   2.31%  $1,092,551  $ 31,109   2.85 % $  900,361  $ 41,994   4.66 %
  Savings deposits.....................    795,362    19,288   2.43      468,222    12,828   2.74      338,795    13,611   4.02
  Certificates of deposit of $100,000
    and over...........................    341,775    13,659   4.00      267,362    12,603   4.71      257,971    17,602   6.82
  Other time deposits..................  2,126,592    83,174   3.91    1,719,340    81,065   4.71    1,291,081    87,045   6.74
  Short-term borrowings
    Federal funds purchased and
      securities sold under agreements
      to repurchase....................    222,136     5,983   2.69      211,662     6,631   3.13      235,662    12,278   5.21
    Other..............................      9,107       304   3.34        8,450       311   3.68        9,177       531   5.79
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances......    100,280     3,592   3.58           --        --     --           --        --     --
  Long-term debt
    Subordinated capital notes and
      debentures.......................     81,126     7,447   9.18       41,311     4,340  10.51       34,162     3,720  10.89
    Other..............................      4,540       421   9.27        6,341       528   8.33       14,018     1,254   8.95
                                        ----------  --------          ----------  --------          ----------  --------
        Total interest-bearing
          liabilities..................  5,006,968   164,547   3.29    3,815,239   149,415   3.92    3,081,227   178,035   5.78
Noninterest-bearing demand deposits....    709,855        --             519,885        --             438,482        --
                                        ----------  --------          ----------  --------          ----------  --------
        Total sources of funds.........  5,716,823   164,547           4,335,124   149,415           3,519,709   178,035
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
Other liabilities......................     85,522                        78,216                        72,176
Shareholders' equity...................    446,994                       329,492                       247,859
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
        TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
          SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY......... $6,249,339                    $4,742,832                    $3,839,744
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
                                        ----------                    ----------                    ----------
NET INTEREST INCOME(1).................             $247,920                      $200,003                      $161,320
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
INTEREST RATE SPREAD(1)................                        3.92%                         4.13 %                        3.97 %
                                                              ------                        ------                        ------
                                                              ------                        ------                        ------
NET INTEREST MARGIN(1).................                        4.34%                         4.61 %                        4.63 %
                                                              ------                        ------                        ------
                                                              ------                        ------                        ------
TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT ADJUSTMENTS
  Loans................................             $  1,123                      $  1,102                      $  1,537
  Securities...........................               12,192                         7,764                         6,228
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
                                                    $ 13,315                      $  8,866                      $  7,765
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
                                                    --------                      --------                      --------
</TABLE>
 
(1) Taxable-equivalent yields are calculated assuming a 35% income tax rate in
    1993 and a 34% income tax rate in 1992 and 1991. State taxes are calculated
    at 6% without any tax-exempt exclusion.
 
(2) Including loans on nonaccrual status.
 
                                       51
<PAGE>   54
 
                 TABLE 5.  ANALYSIS OF VOLUME AND RATE CHANGES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1993 VERSUS 1992                     1992 VERSUS 1991
                                                    ---------------------------------    --------------------------------
                                                          INCREASE                            INCREASE       
                                                         (DECREASE)                          (DECREASE)      
                                                    DUE TO CHANGE IN:(1)                 DUE TO CHANGE IN:(1)
                                                    --------------------     TOTAL       --------------------    TOTAL
                                                     AVERAGE    AVERAGE     INCREASE     AVERAGE    AVERAGE     INCREASE
                                                     VOLUME       RATE     (DECREASE)     VOLUME      RATE     (DECREASE)
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>        <C>
INTEREST INCOME
  Interest-bearing deposits at other financial
    institutions..................................  $  (1,548)  $   (817)   $ (2,365)    $ (1,676)  $ (1,850)   $ (3,526)
  Federal funds sold and securities purchased
    under agreements to resell....................        954       (632)        322         (160)    (2,166)     (2,326)
  Trading account securities......................        869     (1,323)       (454)       2,911     (1,682)      1,229
  Loans held for resale...........................        587       (805)       (218)        (816)      (398)     (1,214)
  Investment securities
    Taxable securities............................     34,467    (24,581)      9,886       46,653    (19,767)     26,886
    Tax-exempt securities.........................     14,319     (1,591)     12,728        5,407     (1,077)      4,330
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
      Total investment securities.................     48,786    (26,172)     22,614       52,060    (20,844)     31,216
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
  Loans...........................................     54,585    (11,435)     43,150       14,684    (30,000)    (15,316)
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
      TOTAL INTEREST INCOME.......................    104,233    (41,184)     63,049       67,003    (56,940)     10,063
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
INTEREST EXPENSE
  Money market accounts...........................      5,984     (6,414)       (430)       7,728    (18,613)    (10,885)
  Savings deposits................................      8,078     (1,618)      6,460        4,297     (5,080)       (783)
  Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over....      3,163     (2,107)      1,056          620     (5,619)     (4,999)
  Other time deposits.............................     17,298    (15,189)      2,109       24,320    (30,300)     (5,980)
  Federal funds purchased and securities sold
    under agreements to repurchase................        316       (964)       (648)      (1,149)    (4,498)     (5,647)
  Other short-term borrowings.....................         23        (30)         (7)           9       (229)       (220)
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances.................      3,592         --       3,592           --         --          --
  Subordinated capital notes and debentures.......      3,716       (609)      3,107          755       (135)        620
  Other long-term debt............................       (162)        55        (107)        (644)       (82)       (726)
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
      TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE......................     42,008    (26,876)     15,132       35,936    (64,556)    (28,620)
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
CHANGE IN NET INTEREST INCOME.....................  $  62,225   $(14,308)   $ 47,917     $ 31,067   $  7,616    $ 38,683
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
                                                    ---------   --------   ----------    --------   --------   ----------
PERCENTAGE INCREASE IN NET INTEREST INCOME OVER
  PRIOR PERIOD....................................                             23.96%                              23.98%
                                                                           ----------                          ----------
                                                                           ----------                          ----------
</TABLE>
 
(1) The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated to
    change due to volume and change due to rate in proportion to the
    relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
 
                         TABLE 6.  AVERAGE DEPOSITS(1)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                1993         1992         1991         1990         1989
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Noninterest-bearing demand.................................  $  709,855   $  519,885   $  438,482   $  431,966   $  420,733
Money market(2)............................................   1,326,050    1,092,551      900,361      884,607      789,473
Savings(3).................................................     795,362      468,222      338,795      304,253      265,421
Other time(4)..............................................   2,126,592    1,719,340    1,291,081    1,260,007    1,116,997
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
    TOTAL AVERAGE CORE DEPOSITS............................   4,957,859    3,799,998    2,968,719    2,880,833    2,592,624
Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over...............     341,775      267,362      257,971      314,355      395,041
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
    TOTAL AVERAGE DEPOSITS.................................  $5,299,634   $4,067,360   $3,226,690   $3,195,188   $2,987,665
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
(1) Table 4 presents the average rate paid on the above deposit categories for
    the three years ended December 31, 1993.
 
(2) Includes money market savings accounts and super NOW accounts.
 
(3) Includes regular savings accounts, NOW accounts, and premium savings
    accounts.
 
(4) Includes certificates of deposit of less than $100,000, investment savings
    deposits, IRA's, and Christmas Club accounts.
 
                                       52
<PAGE>   55
 
                  TABLE 7.  COMPOSITION OF THE LOAN PORTFOLIO
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                1993         1992         1991         1990         1989
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
DOMESTIC LOANS
  Commercial, financial, and agricultural..................  $  664,362   $  549,049   $  566,307   $  739,289   $  797,101
  Real estate -- construction..............................      82,971       54,353       54,678       74,267       95,313
  Real estate -- mortgage
    Secured by 1-4 family residential......................   1,022,263      752,405      458,133      464,988      388,117
    Other mortgage loans...................................     517,886      386,802      325,773      296,214      239,389
  Home equity..............................................      86,356       83,936       51,831       46,695       35,320
  Consumer
    Credit cards and other related plans...................      99,103       71,115       62,807       58,826       53,120
    Other consumer loans...................................     450,780      331,451      368,298      439,787      391,055
  Direct lease financing...................................      25,914       16,493       32,728       36,274       28,314
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
      Total domestic loans.................................   2,949,635    2,245,604    1,920,555    2,156,340    2,027,729
FOREIGN LOANS..............................................       2,250        1,750       12,710        2,000        2,363
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
      TOTAL LOANS..........................................   2,951,885    2,247,354    1,933,265    2,158,340    2,030,092
    Less: Unearned income..................................      16,670       15,515       20,351       29,257       34,709
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
      TOTAL LOANS, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME..................  $2,935,215   $2,231,839   $1,912,914   $2,129,083   $1,995,383
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
 TABLE 8.  ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS BY CATEGORY OF LOANS
       AND THE PERCENTAGE OF LOANS BY CATEGORY TO TOTAL LOANS OUTSTANDING
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
               ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       1993                   1992                    1991                   1990                   1989
               ---------------------  ---------------------  ----------------------  ---------------------  ---------------------
                         PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE              PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE
                        OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO             OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO
               AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT    TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS
               -------  ------------  -------  ------------  -------   ------------  -------  ------------  -------  ------------
                                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>            <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>           <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>
Commercial,
 financial,
 and
 agricultural.. $25,538      22%       $22,219        26%     $17,388         29%     $21,419        34%     $20,521        39%  
Real                                                                                                                             
 estate --                                                                                                                      
 construction..   1,527       3          1,216         1        2,794          3        1,554         4        1,704         5   
Real                                                                                                                             
 estate --                                                                                                                      
 mortgage...     38,972      52         28,500        54       15,794         41       15,839        35       13,848        31   
Consumer.....    13,845      22         12,000        18       11,358         25       11,569        25       10,343        24   
Foreign......        35      --             25        --           45         --           54        --           31        --   
Direct lease                                                                                                                     
 financing..        525       1            330         1          555          2          486         2          424         1   
                -------     ---        -------       ---      -------        ---      -------       ---      -------       ---   
    Total....   $80,442     100%       $64,290       100%     $47,934        100%     $50,921       100%     $46,871       100%  
                -------     ---        -------       ---      -------        ---      -------       ---      -------       ---   
                -------     ---        -------       ---      -------        ---      -------       ---      -------       ---   
</TABLE>                         
 
Note: The allocation of the allowance is presented based in part on evaluations
      of specific loans, past history, and economic conditions within specific
      industries or geographic areas. Since all of these factors are subject to
      change, the current allocation of the allowance is not necessarily
      indicative of the breakdown of future losses.
 
                                       53
<PAGE>   56
 
TABLE 9.  NONACCRUAL, RESTRUCTURED, AND PAST DUE LOANS AND FORECLOSED PROPERTIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       DECEMBER 31,
                                                                  -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                   1993        1992        1991        1990        1989
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                               <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
                                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Nonaccrual loans................................................  $14,646     $36,698     $24,204     $18,206     $14,826
Restructured loans..............................................    7,525       1,351       1,993       2,598       2,686
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
    Total nonperforming loans...................................   22,171      38,049      26,197      20,804      17,512
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
Foreclosed property
  Other real estate owned, net of reserve for losses............    4,358       6,326      10,063      13,680       7,498
  Other foreclosed properties...................................      434         171         247         171         265
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
    Total foreclosed properties.................................    4,792       6,497      10,310      13,851       7,763
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
    Total nonperforming assets..................................  $26,963     $44,546     $36,507     $34,655     $25,275
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
Loans 90 days or more past due and not on nonaccrual status.....  $ 4,771     $ 3,368     $ 4,071     $ 9,281     $ 5,444
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
                                                                  -------     -------     -------     -------     -------
Nonperforming loans as a percentage of loans....................     0.76%       1.70%       1.37%       0.98%       0.88%
Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans plus foreclosed
  properties....................................................     0.92        1.99        1.90        1.62        1.26
Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of nonperforming
  loans.........................................................   362.83      168.97      182.98      244.77      267.65
Loans 90 days or more past due and not on nonaccrual status as a
  percentage of loans...........................................      .16         .15         .21         .44         .27
</TABLE>
 
                    TABLE 10.  ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                         ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            1993          1992          1991          1990          1989
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
                                                                               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
Balance at beginning of period.........................  $   64,290    $   47,934    $   50,921    $   46,871    $   41,063
Loans charged off
  Commercial, financial, and agricultural..............       9,476        20,690        18,481        19,423        25,265
  Real estate-construction.............................          34           361           710         1,305           614
  Real estate-mortgage.................................       2,508         3,844         3,712         2,334        10,642
  Consumer.............................................       6,798         7,176        12,384         7,515        11,210
  Direct lease financing...............................           9            20            31           129           133
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
    Total charge-offs..................................      18,825        32,091        35,318        30,706        47,864
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Recoveries on loans previously charged off
  Commercial, financial, and agricultural..............       4,476        10,135         2,729         3,992         1,558
  Real estate-construction.............................          49           108            23           195            49
  Real estate-mortgage.................................         611           444           441           476           753
  Consumer.............................................       3,506         3,464         2,590         3,326         1,225
  Foreign..............................................          --            --         1,568            --            --
  Direct lease financing...............................          39            61           145            13             5
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
    Total recoveries...................................       8,681        14,212         7,496         8,002         3,590
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Net charge-offs........................................      10,144        17,879        27,822        22,704        44,274
Provision charged to expense...........................       9,689        18,557        24,835        19,166        49,229
Increase due to acquisitions...........................      16,607        15,678            --         7,588           853
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Balance at end of period...............................  $   80,442    $   64,290    $   47,934    $   50,921    $   46,871
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Loans, net of unearned income, at end of period........  $2,935,215    $2,231,839    $1,912,914    $2,129,083    $1,995,383
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Average loans, net of unearned income, during period...  $2,777,032    $2,161,804    $2,018,146    $2,063,925    $1,966,799
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                         ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------
Ratios:
  Allowance at end of period to loans, net of unearned
    income.............................................        2.74%         2.88%         2.51%         2.39%         2.35%
  Allowance at end of period to average loans, net of
    unearned income....................................        2.90          2.97          2.38          2.47          2.38
  Net charge-offs to average loans, net of unearned
    income.............................................         .37           .83          1.38          1.10          2.25
</TABLE>
 
                                       54
<PAGE>   57
 
            TABLE 11. RATE SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS AT DECEMBER 31, 1993
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           INTEREST-SENSITIVE WITHIN
                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              0-30     31-90   91-180   181-365    1-2     2-5      OVER     NONINTEREST-
                            DAYS(B)    DAYS     DAYS     DAYS     YEARS   YEARS    5 YEARS      BEARING      TOTAL
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
<S>                         <C>        <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>     <C>      <C>       <C>             <C>
                                                             (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
ASSETS
  Loans and leases.........  $  642    $ 327   $  272    $  457   $ 265   $  583    $ 391       $    15      $2,952
  Investment securities....     320      278      320       504     490      367      338            --       2,617
  Other earning assets.....     183       53       53        --      --       --       --            --         289
  Other assets.............      --       --       --        --      --       --       --           460         460
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
          TOTAL ASSETS.....  $1,145    $ 658   $  645    $  961   $ 755   $  950    $ 729       $   475      $6,318
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
SOURCES OF FUNDS
  Money market deposits....  $  151    $ 298   $   --    $  349   $  20   $  502    $  --       $    --      $1,320
  Other savings and time
     deposits..............     431      565      571       337     230      656       57            --       2,847
  Time deposits over
     $100,000..............      72       72       80        49      20       39        2            --         334
  Short-term borrowings....     245       --       --        --      --       --       --            --         245
  Federal Home Loan Bank
     advances..............     101       20        4         1       3       13       16            --         158
  Long-term debt...........      --       --       --        --      --       --      117            --         117
  Noninterest-bearing
     deposits..............      --       --       --        --      --       --       --           750         750
  Other liabilities........      --       --       --        --      --       --       --            70          70
  Shareholders' equity.....      --       --       --        --      --       --       --           477         477
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
          TOTAL SOURCES OF
            FUNDS..........  $1,000    $ 955   $  655    $  736   $ 273   $1,210    $ 192       $ 1,297      $6,318
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
                            --------   -----   ------   -------   -----   ------   -------   -------------   ------
INTEREST RATE SWAPS........  $   --    $(150)  $ (150)   $   --   $ 100   $  200    $  --       $    --      $   --
INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY
  GAP......................     145     (447)    (160)      225     582      (60)     537          (822)         --
CUMULATIVE INTEREST RATE
  SENSITIVITY GAP..........     145     (302)    (462)     (237)    345      285      822            --          --
CUMULATIVE GAP AS A
  PERCENTAGE OF
  TOTAL ASSETS.............       2%      (5)%     (7)%      (4)%     5%       5%      13%           --%         --%
</TABLE>
 
MANAGEMENT HAS MADE THE FOLLOWING ASSUMPTIONS IN THE ABOVE ANALYSIS:
 
(1) Assets and liabilities are generally scheduled according to their earliest
    repricing period when the repricing is less than the contractual maturity.
 
(2) Nonaccrual loans are included in the noninterest-bearing category.
 
(3) Fixed-rate mortgage loan maturities are based on the principal prepayment
    patterns of comparable mortgage-backed securities.
 
(4) The scheduled maturities of mortgage-backed securities and CMO'S incorporate
    principal prepayments of these securities using current and consensus
    interest rate forecasts in conjunction with the latest three month
    historical prepayment speeds.
 
(5) Securities held for sale are currently treated in the same manner as
    comparable securities in the investment securities portfolio in that they
    are scheduled according to their contractual maturities or earliest
    repricing period if sooner; however, the maturities of callable agencies are
    scheduled according to their call dates when valued at a premium to par.
 
(6) Money market deposits and savings deposits that have no contractual
    maturities are scheduled according to the Corporation's best estimate of
    their repricing sensitivity to changes in market rates. This varies by
    product type and market.
 
(7) If all money market, NOW, and savings deposits had been included in the 0-30
    Days category above, the cumulative gap as a percentage of total assets
    would have been negative (27%), (27%), (30%), (20%), (10%), and positive 4%,
    respectively, for the 0-30 days, 31-90 days, 91-180 days, 181-365 days, 1-2
    years, and 2-5 years categories at December 31, 1993.
 
                                       55
<PAGE>   58
 
            TABLE 12. INVESTMENT SECURITIES AND MONEY MARKET ASSETS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------
                                                                1993         1992         1991
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury securities.................................  $  804,351   $  646,329   $  264,623
  Securities of U.S. Government agencies...................   1,286,348    1,216,643      644,603
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total U.S. Government obligations................   2,090,699    1,862,972      909,226
Obligations of state and political subdivisions............     441,673      294,564      190,573
Other investment securities................................      84,681       40,567       48,004
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total investment securities......................   2,617,053    2,198,103    1,147,803
Interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions........      26,647       84,204      134,947
Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale
  agreements...............................................      53,149       92,354       59,570
Trading account securities.................................     153,482      109,584       90,271
Loans held for resale......................................      56,053       91,543       32,257
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total investment securities and money market
            assets.........................................  $2,906,384   $2,575,788   $1,464,848
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
</TABLE>
 
                         TABLE 13.  RISK-BASED CAPITAL
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------
                                                                1993         1992         1991
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
TIER 1 CAPITAL
  Shareholders' equity.....................................  $  477,300   $  356,211   $  269,446
  Minority interest in a consolidated subsidiary...........       1,588        1,588          500
  Less goodwill and one-half of investment in
     unconsolidated subsidiaries...........................     (31,097)      (8,493)      (6,938)
  Less disallowed deferred tax asset.......................      (1,861)          --           --
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          TOTAL TIER 1 CAPITAL.............................     445,930      349,306      263,008
TIER 2 CAPITAL
  Allowance for losses on loans............................      38,067       32,027       27,232
  Qualifying long-term debt................................      74,479       32,000       32,000
  Less one-half of investment in unconsolidated
     subsidiaries..........................................        (136)        (147)        (129)
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          TOTAL CAPITAL....................................  $  558,340   $  413,186   $  322,111
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS.......................................  $3,003,001   $2,529,912   $2,157,866
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
RATIOS
  Equity to assets.........................................        7.55%        6.77%        7.12%
  Leverage ratio...........................................        7.10         6.85         6.94
  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets...................       14.85        13.81        12.19
  Total capital to risk-weighted assets....................       18.59        16.33        14.93
</TABLE>
 
                                       56
<PAGE>   59
 
                       TABLE 14.  SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1993 QUARTERS ENDED (1) AND (2)
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------
                                           MARCH 31    JUNE 30   SEPTEMBER 30  DECEMBER 31    TOTAL
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                        <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>           <C>
Net interest income....................... $57,963     $59,649     $ 59,049      $57,944     $234,605
Provision for losses on loans.............  (2,823 )    (4,667)      (1,489)        (710)      (9,689)
Noninterest income........................  19,404      23,214       21,467       20,714       84,799
Noninterest expense....................... (54,637 )   (56,589)     (58,149)     (55,105)    (224,480)
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
Earnings before income taxes,
  extraordinary item, and accounting
  changes.................................  19,907      21,607       20,878       22,843       85,235
Applicable income taxes...................   6,413       7,052        3,877        6,625       23,967
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
Earnings before extraordinary item and
  accounting changes......................  13,494      14,555       17,001       16,218       61,268
Extraordinary item, net of taxes..........      --          --           --       (3,206)      (3,206)
Accounting changes, net of taxes..........   5,001          --           --           --        5,001
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
          Net earnings.................... $18,495     $14,555     $ 17,001      $13,012     $ 63,063
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
PER COMMON SHARE DATA
  Earnings per common share before
     extraordinary item and accounting
     changes
     Primary.............................. $   .60     $   .63     $    .75      $   .71     $   2.69
     Fully diluted........................     .57         .59          .68          .65         2.49
  Net earnings
     Primary..............................     .85         .63          .75          .55         2.78
     Fully diluted........................     .78         .59          .68          .52         2.57
  Dividends...............................     .18         .18          .18          .18          .72
UPC COMMON STOCK DATA(3)
  High trading price...................... $ 29.13     $ 29.25     $  30.00      $ 28.75     $  30.00
  Low trading price.......................   22.50       22.63        25.00        23.63        22.50
  Closing price...........................   29.00       25.75        29.00        25.13        25.13
  Trading volume (in thousands)(4)........   3,059       1,926        2,008        2,800        9,793
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1992 QUARTERS ENDED (1)
                                           ----------------------------------------------------------
                                           MARCH 31    JUNE 30   SEPTEMBER 30  DECEMBER 31    TOTAL
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                        <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>           <C>
Net interest income....................... $40,596     $47,577     $ 50,920      $52,044     $191,137
Provision for losses on loans.............  (6,067 )    (3,900)      (1,777)      (6,813)     (18,557)
Noninterest income........................  17,058      19,120       26,079       21,016       83,273
Noninterest expense....................... (39,561 )   (49,428)     (60,411)     (49,818)    (199,218)
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
Earnings before income taxes..............  12,026      13,369       14,811       16,429       56,635
Applicable income taxes...................   2,977       3,421        3,880        4,918       15,196
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
          Net earnings.................... $ 9,049     $ 9,948     $ 10,931      $11,511     $ 41,439
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
                                           --------    -------   ------------  -----------   --------
PER COMMON SHARE DATA
  Earnings per common share
     Primary.............................. $   .48     $   .50     $    .55      $   .57     $   2.10
     Fully diluted........................     .47         .48          .52          .55         2.02
  Dividends...............................     .15         .15          .15          .15          .60
UPC COMMON STOCK DATA(3)
  High trading price...................... $ 15.50     $ 20.13     $  20.75      $ 24.75     $  24.75
  Low trading price.......................   13.75       14.63        17.50        17.75        13.75
  Closing price...........................   15.13       18.38        18.88        24.25        24.25
  Trading volume (in thousands)(4)........   1,888       2,313        1,322        2,066        7,589
</TABLE>
 
(1) Certain quarterly amounts have been reclassified to conform with current
    financial reporting presentation.
 
(2) Quarterly amounts for 1993 have been restated for acquisitions accounted for
    using the pooling of interests method of accounting in 1993.
 
(3) Union Planters Corporation's Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock
    Exchange (NYSE), and is traded under the symbol UPC. All share prices
    represent closing prices as reported by the NYSE. There were approximately
    5,400 holders of the Corporation's Common Stock as of December 31, 1993.
 
(4) Trading volume represents the total daily volume for the period shown as
    reported by NYSE.
 
                                       57
<PAGE>   60
 
          TABLE 15.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION'S BANKING SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        DECEMBER 31, 1993
                                                               -----------------------------------
                                                               ASSETS   LOANS    DEPOSITS   EQUITY
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                            <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
TENNESSEE
Union Planters National Bank.................................  $3,495   $1,428    $2,657    $251.6
Merchants State Bank in Humboldt.............................     208       94       188      15.3
First Federal Savings Bank in Maryville......................     185      104       170      13.4
Bank of Goodlettsville.......................................     178       91       163      13.8
The First National Bank of Crossville........................     158       66       144      11.1
Citizens Bank in Cookeville..................................     150       79       137      11.3
Security Trust Federal Savings Bank in Knoxville.............     133       58       109      11.1
Bank of Roane County in Harriman.............................     130       73       120       8.9
Central State Bank in Lexington..............................     108       57       100       6.9
First State Bank of Brownsville..............................      91       45        75       9.3
Bank of East Tennessee in Morristown.........................      87       19        72       7.8
Bank of Commerce in Woodbury.................................      80       33        72       6.9
DeKalb County Bank and Trust Company in Alexandria...........      75       42        69       5.8
Farmers Union Bank in Ripley.................................      69       34        55       8.5
Citizens Bank & Trust Company in Wartburg....................      61       36        53       4.5
First Citizens Bank of Hohenwald.............................      53       30        45       3.9
SaveTrust Federal Savings Bank in Dyersburg..................      42       23        31       3.3
Bank of Trenton and Trust Company............................      42       18        38       2.5
Erin Bank & Trust Company....................................      39       14        34       4.6
First State Bank of Fayette County in Somerville.............      33       15        30       2.3
Cumberland City Bank.........................................      27       14        25       2.1
Pickett County Bank and Trust Company in Byrdstown...........      24       13        22       1.5
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
          Total..............................................  $5,468   $2,386    $4,409    $406.4
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
MISSISSIPPI
United Southern Bank of Clarksdale...........................  $  329   $  169    $  298    $ 28.3
First National Bank in New Albany............................     145       85       133      11.3
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
          Total..............................................  $  474   $  254    $  431    $ 39.6
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
ARKANSAS
North Arkansas Bancshares, Inc. (NABS)
  Mercantile Bank in Jonesboro...............................  $  253   $  175    $  223    $ 23.2
  First State Bank of Newport................................      60       26        53       7.1
  Bank of Weiner.............................................      37       19        32       4.5
  Searcy County Bank in Marshall.............................      36       15        32       3.7
  The Bank of Rector.........................................      29       14        27       2.6
  Mercantile Bank in Mammoth Spring..........................      29       15        26       2.7
  Mercantile Bank in Hardy...................................      24       17        21       1.8
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
          Total..............................................  $  468   $  281    $  414    $ 45.6
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
ALABAMA
Steiner Bank in Birmingham...................................  $   24   $   12    $   15    $  2.6
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
                                                               ------   ------   --------   ------
</TABLE>
 
     Subsequent to December 31, 1993 and through March 1, 1994, the Corporation
consummated the acquisitions of Mid-South Bancorp, Inc. (locations in Tennessee
and Kentucky), First National Bancorp of Shelbyville, Inc. (Tennessee), and
Anderson County Bank (Tennessee). See Note 2 to the financial statements.
 
                                       58
<PAGE>   61
 
                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                               COMMUNITIES SERVED
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   OFFICES
                                                   -------
<S>                                                <C>
TENNESSEE
UNION PLANTERS NATIONAL BANK
    Antioch, Bartlett, Brentwood, Chattanooga,
    Clinton, Collierville, Cordova, Dickson,
    Eagleville, Franklin, Gallatin, Germantown,
    Goodlettsville, Hendersonville, Jackson,
    Knoxville, Lebanon, Madison, Memphis, Milan,
    Mt. Juliet, Murfreesboro, Nashville, Oak Ridge,
    and Smyrna.....................................    90
MERCHANTS STATE BANK
    Dyersburg, Gibson, Humboldt, Martin, Ripley,
    Rutherford, Union City, and Yorkville..........    13
FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK
    Alcoa and Maryville............................     3
BANK OF GOODLETTSVILLE
    Goodlettsville, Springfield, and White House...     4
FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF SHELBYVILLE*
    Monteagle, Shelbyville, and Tracy City.........     5
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CROSSVILLE
    Crossville and Fairfield Glade.................     5
CITIZENS BANK IN COOKEVILLE
    Algood, Baxter, Cookeville, and Monterey.......     6
SECURITY TRUST FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
    Clinton, Greeneville, Kingston, Knoxville,
    Morristown, and Oak Ridge......................     7
BANK OF ROANE COUNTY
    Harriman, Kingston, Lenoir City, Oliver
    Springs,
    and Rockwood...................................     5
CENTRAL STATE BANK
    Jackson and Lexington..........................     4
FIRST STATE BANK
    Brownsville and Stanton........................     4
BANK OF EAST TENNESSEE
    Morristown and Talbott.........................     6
BANK OF COMMERCE IN WOODBURY
    Auburntown and Woodbury........................     3
DEKALB COUNTY BANK & TRUST COMPANY
    Alexandria, Celina, Dowelltown, and
    Smithville.....................................     5
FARMERS UNION BANK
    Ripley.........................................     3
CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY IN WARTBURG
    Oliver Springs, Sunbright, and Wartburg........     3
FIRST CITIZENS BANK OF HOHENWALD...................     3
 
<CAPTION>
                                                   OFFICES
                                                   -------
<S>                                                <C>
SAVETRUST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK
    Dyersburg and Newbern..........................     3
BANK OF TRENTON AND TRUST COMPANY..................     1
ERIN BANK & TRUST COMPANY..........................     1
FIRST CITIZENS BANK*
    Columbia, Franklin, and Mt. Pleasant...........     3
FIRST STATE BANK OF FAYETTE COUNTY IN SOMERVILLE...     1
CUMBERLAND CITY BANK...............................     1
THE PEOPLES BANK OF ELK VALLEY IN FAYETTEVILLE*....     1
PICKETT COUNTY BANK AND TRUST COMPANY IN
  BYRDSTOWN........................................     1
ANDERSON COUNTY BANK IN CLINTON*...................     1
MISSISSIPPI
UNITED SOUTHERN BANK
    Batesville, Clarksdale, Drew, Friars Point,
    Lambert, Lula, Olive Branch, Oxford, Pope,
    Sledge, and Tutwiler...........................    16
FIRST NATIONAL BANK IN NEW ALBANY
    Ashland, Blue Mountain, Hickory Flat, New
    Albany, Ripley, and Tupelo.....................     9
KENTUCKY
SIMPSON COUNTY BANK IN FRANKLIN*...................     4
ADAIRVILLE BANKING COMPANY*........................     1
ARKANSAS
MERCANTILE BANK IN JONESBORO
    Bono, Brookland, and Jonesboro.................     9
FIRST STATE BANK OF NEWPORT
    Newport and Tuckerman..........................     3
BANK OF WEINER
    Fisher and Weiner..............................     2
SEARCY COUNTY BANK
    Leslie and Marshall............................     2
THE BANK OF RECTOR.................................     1
MERCANTILE BANK IN MAMMOTH SPRING..................     1
MERCANTILE BANK IN HARDY
    Hardy and Sidney...............................     2
ALABAMA
STEINER BANK IN BIRMINGHAM.........................     2
                                                   -------
TOTAL..............................................   234
                                                   -------
                                                   -------
</TABLE>
 
* Acquired subsequent to December 31, 1993
 
                                       59
<PAGE>   62
<TABLE>
<CAPTION> 
- -----------------------------------------------------------        ---------------------------------------------------------------- 
- -----------------------------------------------------------        ---------------------------------------------------------------- 
UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION/                                        UNION PLANTERS NATIONAL BANK        
UNION PLANTERS NATIONAL BANK                                       REGIONAL BRANCHES                   
<S>                        <C>                                     <C>                                <C>
DIRECTORS                  UNION PLANTERS                          UNION PLANTERS                     UNION PLANTERS               
                           CORPORATION                             NATIONAL BANK                      NATIONAL BANK                
ALBERT M. AUSTIN           EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                      CHATTANOOGA, TN                    NASHVILLE, TN               
Chairman                   BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS,                    THOMAS W. FLENNIKEN                STANLEY D. OVERTON           
Cannon, Austin                JR.                                  Regional President                 Regional Chairman            
   and Cannon, Inc.        Chairman & CEO                                                                                       
                                                                   ADVISORY DIRECTORS                 ADVISORY DIRECTORS          
MARVIN E. BRUCE            J. ARMISTEAD SMITH                                                                                   
Chairman & CEO             Vice Chairman                           STEVE A. BOVELL                    ANITA BALTIMORE           
TBC Corporation                                                    President                          Vice President of Business 
                           JACKSON W. MOORE                        Capstone Properties, Inc.             Dev. 
GEORGE W. BRYAN            President                                                                  Interior Design Services, Inc.
Senior Vice                                                        JOHN F. GERM                        
   President               JAMES A. GURLEY                         President                          WILLIAM R. BRUCE             
Sara Lee Corporation       Executive Vice                          Campbell & Associates, Inc.        Attorney                     
                              President                                                               Baker, Worthington, Crossley 
ROBERT B. COLBERT,                                                 DOROTHY P. HICKS                   Stansberry & Woolf           
   JR.*                    JACK W. PARKER                          Real Estate Broker                                              
Retired                                                            Fletcher Bright Company            JUDSON G. COLLINS            
Signal Apparel             Executive Vice                                                             Retired Broadcaster          
   Co., Inc.                  President and                        DALE F. STUDER                                                  
                              Chief Financial                      President                          CHARLES W. COOK, JR.         
HANFORD F. FARRELL,           Officer                              Studer Investments                 Regional President           
   JR.                                                                                                Union Planters National Bank 
Chairman                   M. KIRK WALTERS                         DR. HARRY D. WAGNER                                             
Farrell-Cooper             Senior Vice President,                  President                          DAN W. DENNEY                
   Mining Compan            Treasurer, and Chief                   Fortune Practice Management        Partner                      
                            Accounting Officer                      of Chattanooga                    Wilson County Motor Company  
JAMES L. HARPER**                                                  ------------------------------                                  
Partner                    J. F. SPRINGFIELD                       ------------------------------     JAMES L. HARPER              
Harper-Maes and            Secretary and                                                              Partner                      
   Associates                 General Counsel                      UNION PLANTERS                     Harper-Maes and Associates   
                           ---------------------------------       NATIONAL BANK                                                   
PARNELL S. LEWIS,          ---------------------------------       JACKSON, TN                        JOE L. HOOPER                
   JR.                                                             HARBERT R. ALEXANDER               Retired Savings Bank Executiv
President                  UNION PLANTERS                          Regional President                                              
Anderson-Tully             NATIONAL BANK                                                              VADEN M. LACKEY, JR.         
   Company                                                         ADVISORY DIRECTORS                 Attorney                     
                           ADVISORY DIRECTORS                                                         Stokes & Bartholomew, P.A.   
C.J. LOWRANCE, III                                                 WILLIAM E. ALLEN                                                
President                  DR. C. C. HUMPHREYS                     President                          JOHN T. ROCHFORD             
Lowrance Brothers          President Emeritus                      Devilbiss Air Power Company        President                    
   & Co., Inc              Memphis State                                                              Rochford Realty and          
                              University                           THOMPSON DABNEY                     Construction Company, Inc.  
R. BRAD MARTIN                                                     Chairman                                                        
Chairman & CEO             LLOYD B. LOVITT,                        W.P. Dabney & Son Furniture        T. C. SUMMERS                
Proffitts, Inc.               JR.                                                                     Chairman/Owner               
                           Owner and President                     CHARLES E. DUNHAM                  T.C. Summers, Inc.           
JACKSON W. MOORE           Jacobson & Lovitt                       Retired                            ------------------------------
President                   Development Co.                                                           ------------------------------
Union Planters                                                     CARL KIRKLAND                                            
   Corporation             ROBERT D. MCCALLUM                      President & CEO                    UNION PLANTERS            
                           Consultant                              Kirkland Consolidated, Inc.        NATIONAL BANK        
STANLEY D. OVERTON                                                                                    KNOXVILLE, TN            
Vice Chairman              J.T. MURFF                              DONALD LAYCOOK                                           
Union Planters             Investor                                President                          J. ARMISTEAD SMITH        
   National Bank                                                   Laycook Printing Company           Regional Chairman        
                           THOMAS R. PRICE                                                                                  
C. PENN OWEN, JR.          Attorney at Law                         J.H. LUCKEY                        CHARLES T. BRYANT         
Managing Partner           The Winchester                          Partner                            Regional President   
Bowdre Place                  Law Firm                             C.E. Luckey & Sons                                       
                                                                                                      ADVISORY DIRECTORS    
KENNETH W. PLUNK**         TIMMONS L. TREADWELL,                   THOMAS S. REED                                           
President                     III                                  Owner                              DAVID G. BROWN           
Union Planters             Managing Partner                        Reed & Associates, Inc.            Owner                      
   National Bank           Treadwell & Harry                                                          Brown, Brown & West Real  
                                                                   A.U. TAYLOR, III                      Estate                    
BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS,                                               President                                                
   JR.                                                             City Lumber Company                LINDA L. BROWN            
Chairman & CEO                                                                                        Owner                      
Union Planters                                                     JOHN W. WILLIAMS                   Linda Brown Realty Company
   Corporation and                                                 Manager                                                  
   Union Planters                                                  Jackson Utility Division           RICHARD A. DEW, MD         
   National Bank                                                   ------------------------------     Methodist Medical Center   
                                                                   ------------------------------                           
DR. V. LANE RAWLINS                                                UNION PLANTERS                     CARL C. ENSOR, JR.        
President                                                          NATIONAL BANK                      Retired                      
Memphis State                                                      MURFREESBORO, TN                   Former Banker              
   University                                                      KATHY S. POTTER                                          
                                                                   Regional President                 B. JAMES GEORGE
DONALD F. SCHUPPE                                                                                     President                   
Retired Managing                                                   ADVISORY DIRECTORS                 Beta Development Corporation
   Partner                                                                                                                  
Memphis Office                                                     JAMES H. BAILEY, III               RUBY A. MILLER         
Price Waterhouse                                                   Architect                          Agent                      
                                                                   Johnson and Bailey Architects,     State Farm Insurance Company
J. ARMISTEAD SMITH                                                    P.C.                                                      
Vice Chairman and                                                                                     STANLEY C. ROY, CPA      
   President of the                                                JEFFREY S. HENRY                   Certified Public Accountant
   Community Bank                                                  Colonel                                                  
   Group                                                           Tennessee Army National Guard      MILUS R. SKIDMORE            
Union Planters                                                                                        Investor                      
   Corporation                                                     SAM H. INGRAM                      Entrepreneur          
                                                                   Board of Regents                                         
LESLIE M. STRATTON,                                                State of Tennessee                 DR. BOB F. THOMAS             
   III                                                                                                Professor                  
President                                                          MARGARET NEAL THOMPSON             Roane State Community College
Leslie M. Stratton                                                 Regional Director                                        
   Company                                                         TN/KY Division                     ARCHIE F. WEAVER         
                                                                   Rehability Corporation             President                 
MIKE P. STURDIVANT*                                                                                   Coronado Stone-Weaver
President                                                                                                Enterprises
Due West Gin Co.,          
   Inc.
 
RICHARD A. TRIPPEER, 
   JR.
President
R. A. Trippeer, 
   Inc.
 
 * Director of 
   Union Planters
   Corporation only.
** Director of Union 
   Planters National 
   Bank only.

</TABLE>
                                      60

<PAGE>   63

<TABLE>
<S>                          <C>                            <C>                             <C>
- ---------------------------  ---------------------------    ---------------------------     ---------------------------   
- ---------------------------  ---------------------------    ---------------------------     ---------------------------   
                             BANK OF GOODLETTSVILLE                                         CITIZENS BANK &               
TENNESSEE BANKING            GOODLETTSVILLE, TN (CONT'D)    CENTRAL STATE BANK              TRUST CO.                     
SUBSIDIARIES                                                LEXINGTON, TN                   WARTBURG, TN (CONT'D)         
BANK OF COMMERCE             TIMOTHY M. GARRETT                                                                           
WOODBURY, TN                 Vice Chairman                  BILLY MAX WOODS                 ROY MCNEAL                    
                             Bank of Goodlettsville         President & CEO                 Secretary to the Board        
STEVE A. SMITH               Funeral Director                                               Citizens Bank & Trust Co.     
Chairman, President & CEO    Cole and Garrett Funeral       DIRECTORS                       Retired Pharmacist            
                              Home, Inc.                                                                                  
DIRECTORS                                                   THOMAS E. BUNCH                 BILLY M. RICE                 
                             TONY D. GREGORY                Retired Postmaster              President & CEO               
WILLIAM H. BRYSON            Executive Vice President                                       Citizens Bank & Trust Co.     
Attorney at Law              Bank of Goodlettsville         HAROLD GRIGGS                                                 
                                                            Owner                           FRED J. ROETTGER              
CHRISTINE DILLON             DANIEL R. HAWKINS              Griggs Big Star Super           Chairman                      
Executive Vice President     President and CEO               Market                         Citizens Bank & Trust Co.     
Bank of Commerce             Bank of Goodlettsville                                         Martin Marietta Engineer      
                                                            JAMES W. GURLEY                                               
MARSHALL E. DUGGIN           ---------------------------    Vice President -- Cashier       WAYNE SOLOMON                 
Attorney at Law              ---------------------------    Central State Bank              Owner, Schubert Funeral       
                             BANK OF ROANE COUNTY                                            Home                         
ROY FUSTON                   HARRIMAN, TN                   THOMAS HOLMES                                                 
Owner                        LARRY W. BYRKIT                Owner                           ARLAND SPEARS                 
Fuston's Antiques            President & CEO                Holmes Ford, Inc.               Retired                       
Fuston's Variety Store                                                                                                    
                             DIRECTORS                      JOHN MELTON                     ---------------------------   
AUSTIN JENNINGS                                             Vice President                  ---------------------------   
Owner                        LARRY W. BYRKIT                Central State Bank              CUMBERLAND CITY BANK          
Jennings Jewelers            President & CEO                                                CUMBERLAND CITY, TN           
                             Bank of Roane County           ELMER L. STEWART                                              
G. WENDELL KENNEDY                                          Attorney                        ROBERTA D. HOLLEY             
Retired Postal               C. S. HARVEY, JR.                                              President & CEO               
 Worker/Farmer               President                      CAROL A. STONE                                                
                             Harvey's Furniture &           Vice President                  DIRECTORS                     
DONALD PASCHAL                Appliance                     Central State Bank                                            
Farmer                                                                                      DR. HARPER L. COLE            
                             JAMES M. HENRY                 BOBBY TATE                      Retired Educator              
STEVE A. SMITH               President                      Vice President                                                
Chairman, President & CEO    Tennessee Resource Valley      Central State Bank              W.E. DOUGHERTY                
Bank of Commerce                                                                            Retired Postmaster            
                             CHARLES W. JOHNSON             LAWTON REX TODD                                               
WILLIAM SMITH                Retired                        Vice President                  H. RYAN HOLLEY                
Vice Chairman                Rockwood Electric Utility      Central State Bank              Chairman                      
Bank of Commerce                                                                            Cumberland City Bank          
                             WILLIAM A. NEWCOMB             BILLY MAX WOODS                                               
GORDON SUMMAR                Attorney at Law                President & CEO                 ROBERTA D. HOLLEY             
Farmer                       Newcomb & Murphy               Central State Bank              President & CEO               
                                                                                            Cumberland City Bank          
ADVISORY DIRECTOR            GILBERT D. PICKEL              ADVISORY DIRECTOR                                             
                             President                                                      G. L. LANDISS, JR.            
R.H. BURKE                   Century 21, Pickel             KENNETH L. AUSTIN               Retired Postal Service        
- ------------------------      Partners, Inc.                Vice President                                                
- ------------------------                                    Central State Bank              STEPHEN T. LEWIS              
                             C. G. SEXTON                                                   Cashier                       
BANK OF EAST TENNESSEE       Sexton Automotive Group        ---------------------------     Cumberland City Bank          
MORRISTOWN, TN                                              ---------------------------                                   
                             BROWDER G. WILLIAMS            CITIZENS BANK                   ---------------------------   
CHARLES T. BRYANT            Attorney at Law                COOKEVILLE, TN                  ---------------------------   
President & CEO              Chairman                                                       DEKALB COUNTY BANK            
                             Bank of Roane County           GLENN H. RAMSEY                 AND TRUST COMPANY             
DIRECTORS                                                   Chairman & CEO                  ALEXANDRIA, TN                
                             GEORGE E. WILSON, III                                                                        
URSELL B. ATKINS             President                      DIRECTORS                       TOMMY ANDERTON                
Agency Manager               Roane Hosiery, Inc.                                            Chairman, President & CEO     
Hamblen County Farm                                         GARY W. CARWILE                                               
 Bureau                      ---------------------------    President                       DIRECTORS                     
                             ---------------------------    Carwile Mechanical                                            
CHARLES T. BRYANT            BANK OF TRENTON                 Contractors                    TOMMY ANDERTON                
President & CEO              AND TRUST COMPANY                                              Chairman, President & CEO     
Bank of East Tennessee       TRENTON, TN                    ROBERT C. DAVIS                 DeKalb County Bank &          
                                                            Pharmacist/Owner                 Trust Company                
KENNETH D. CARPENTER         DOTTY M. JONES                 Medical Center Pharmacy                                       
Manager                      President & CEO                                                DAN ANDREWS                   
Appalachian Electric                                        WILLIAM C. FRANCIS              Bank Consultant               
 Cooperative                 DIRECTORS                      Physician                                                     
                                                            William C. Francis, M.D.,       R. V. BELLENFANT              
JERRY C. CRANFORD            WILLIAM HAYNES                  P.C.                           Retired                       
Director of Manufacturing    Retired                                                                                      
Universal Furniture                                         CHARLES W. KIBBONS, JR.         ALVA T. HARRELL               
                             WINTER HODGES                  Personal Investments            CPA                           
SAMUEL F. GRIGSBY, SR.       President                                                      Marlin-Edmondson, P.C.        
Chairman of the Board        Westwin, Inc.                  L. W. LEGGE, JR.                                              
Bank of East Tennessee                                      President                       ANTHONY T. MOORE              
Farmer                       RICHARD INGRAM                 L. W. Legge Insurance           Chairman, President & CEO     
                             President                       Agency                         First Federal Savings Bank    
SAMUEL F. GRIGSBY, JR.       Ingram's IGA, Inc.                                                                           
Executive Vice President                                    JAMES T. MARTIN                 LARRY E. VICKERS              
Bank of East Tennessee       DOTTY M. JONES                 President                       President                     
                             President & CEO                Citizens Bank                   L. E. Vickers and             
WILLIAM H. INMAN             Bank of Trenton and Trust                                       Associates                   
Retired Judge                 Company                       GLENN H. RAMSEY                  Data Processing Company      
                                                            Chairman & CEO                                                
JOE H. SANFORD               HUNTER PARTEE                  Citizens Bank                   TOM WILEY                     
Former Farm Credit Manager   Retired                                                        Director of Operations        
                                                            GARY SASSER                     Designs by Norvell, Inc.      
WILLIAM F. YOUNG             GEORGE RASBERRY                President                                                     
President                    Owner                          Averitt Express, Inc.           ---------------------------   
Young's Furniture Company    Rasberry Motors                                                ---------------------------   
                                                            ADVISORY DIRECTORS                                            
- ---------------------------  C.B. SINGLETON, JR.                                            ERIN BANK & TRUST COMPANY     
- ---------------------------  Chairman of the Board          H.S. BARNES                     ERIN, TN                      
                             Bank of Trenton and Trust      LEON T. DELOZIER                                              
BANK OF GOODLETTSVILLE        Company                       E.H. HOOPER                     BYDE SIMPSON                  
GOODLETTSVILLE, TN                                          WALLACE PRESCOTT                President & CEO               
                                                            ELEANOR B. SADLER                                             
DANIEL R. HAWKINS                                           W.R. WHITAKER, JR.              DIRECTORS                     
President and CEO                                           ---------------------------                                   
                                                            ---------------------------     JOHNNY D. BAGGETT             
DIRECTORS                                                   CITIZENS BANK &                 Executive Vice President      
                                                            TRUST CO.                       Erin Bank & Trust Company     
JACQUELINE W. ALSTON                                        WARTBURG, TN                                                  
Vice President                                                                              C. W. MITCHUM, JR.            
Bank of Goodlettsville                                      BILLY M. RICE                   Pharmacist                    
                                                            President & CEO                 Partner, Mitchum Drug         
KENNETH T. ANDERSON                                                                          Company                      
Senior Vice President                                       DIRECTORS                     
Bank of Goodlettsville                                                                    
                                                            RAYMOND BUXTON                
JOHN C. GARRETT, III                                        Retired Chemist               
Chairman                                                                                  
Bank of Goodlettsville                                      WILLIAM L. HARPER             
                                                            Martin Marietta Chemist       

</TABLE>

 
                                       61
<PAGE>   64

<TABLE>
<S>                         <C>                           <C>                           <C>
- -------------------------   -------------------------     -------------------------     -------------------------     
- -------------------------   -------------------------     -------------------------     -------------------------     
ERIN BANK & TRUST           FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK    FIRST STATE BANK              PICKETT COUNTY                
COMPANY                     MARYVILLE, TN (CONT'D)        BROWNSVILLE, TN (CONT'D)      BANK AND TRUST COMPANY        
ERIN, TN (CONT'D)                                                                       BYRDSTOWN, TN                 
R. VERNON MOBLEY            JERRY C. HILL                 RONALD C. RICHARDS                                          
Retired Rural Carrier       President                     President                     TIMOTHY J. BARNHILL           
                            Colonial Development, Inc.    Richards Agency,              President & CEO               
BYDE SIMPSON                                               Incorporated                                               
President & CEO             HOMER L. ISBELL                                             DIRECTORS                     
Erin Bank & Trust           Retired Physician             ELEANOR ROOKS                                               
 Company                                                  Retired Educator              TIMOTHY J. BARNHILL           
                            ROBERT R. KNOLL                                             President & CEO               
JOSEPH H. SPENCER           Dentist                       DALLAS SMOTHERS               Pickett County Bank and       
Attorney                    Dr. Robert R. Knoll,          Manager                        Trust Company                
Retired Circuit Court        DDS, P.C.                    Haywood Farmers                                             
 Judge                                                     Cooperative                  COLEMAN CROUCH                
                            DON E. PETERSON                                             Co-Owner                      
HOMER A. THOMAS             Vice President                JERE WILLIAMSON, JR.          Green Meadows Angus           
Retired                     Lawler-Wood, Inc.             Executive Vice President       Farms                        
General Insurance Agency                                  First State Bank                                            
                            JAMES N. PROFFITT, JR.                                      DOUGLAS GARRETT               
- -------------------------   CPA and Partner               -------------------------     Owner                         
- -------------------------   Proffitt & Goodson, Inc.      -------------------------     Garrett's Pharmacy            
                                                                                                                      
FARMERS UNION BANK          B. R. SULLIVAN                FIRST STATE BANK OF           HERBERT GROCE                 
RIPLEY, TN                  President and CEO              FAYETTE COUNTY               Retired                       
                            First Federal Savings         SOMERVILLE, TN                Tennessee Farmers Co-op       
S. N. ANTHONY, JR.           Bank                                                       Co-Owner                      
President & CEO                                           PAUL B. DAWSON, JR.           Green Meadows Angus           
                            J. DAVID WALKER               President & CEO                Farms                        
DIRECTORS                   Owner                                                                                     
                            General Live Stock            DIRECTORS                     ROY H. KOGER                  
S. N. ANTHONY, JR.           Operation                                                  Retired                       
President & CEO                                           FRANK BOSWELL                 Executive Vice President      
Farmers Union Bank          -------------------------     Owner                         Pickett County Bank and       
                            -------------------------     Somerville Farm Supply         Trust Company                
S. N. ANTHONY, III          THE FIRST NATIONAL                                          Owner, Koger Farms            
President                   BANK OF CROSSVILLE            PAUL B. DAWSON, JR.                                         
S. N. Anthony, Inc.         CROSSVILLE, TN                President & CEO               -------------------------     
 Insurance                                                First State Bank of           -------------------------     
                            FRED J. FLICK                  Fayette County                                             
RANDY LANKFORD              President & CEO                                             SAVETRUST FEDERAL SAVINGS     
Owner                                                     THOMAS H. FOWLER               BANK                         
Lankford Realty Company     DIRECTORS                     Landowner                     DYERSBURG, TN                 
                                                                                                                      
L. W. POSTON, JR.           DIANE D. BROWN                J. PAYSON MATTHEWS, III       G. W. HAMPTON                 
Contractor                  Senior Vice President         Attorney at Law               Chairman, President & CEO     
                            The First National Bank                                                                   
JOSEPH H. WALKER, III        of Crossville                FRANK S. MCKNIGHT             DIRECTORS                     
Chancery Court Judge                                      Physician, Morris Clinic                                    
                            J. W. BROWN                                                 WILLIAM A. ADCOCK             
- -------------------------   Chairman                      REUBEN S. RHEA                CEO                           
- -------------------------   The First National Bank       President                     AWM, Inc.                     
FIRST CITIZENS BANK          of Crossville                Rhea Oil Company                                            
HOHENWALD, TN                                             Farmer                        RALPH W. FARMER               
                            FRED J. FLICK                 Woodburn Farms                Attorney at Law               
ANNETTE PEERY               President & CEO                                             Farmer Moore Jones            
President & CEO             The First National Bank       -------------------------      Hamilton & Lay               
                             of Crossville                -------------------------                                   
DIRECTORS                                                 MERCHANTS STATE BANK          HOWARD C. GUTHRIE             
                            J. H. GRAHAM, III             HUMBOLDT, TN                  Athletic Director             
DAVID ADCOX                 Chief Financial Officer                                     Dyersburg State               
President                   Southeast Mat Company         CLINT O. WILLIAMS              Community College            
Highland Corporation                                      President & CEO                                             
                            L. BURRELL HARRIS                                           G. W. HAMPTON                 
DAN ANDREWS                 Vice President                DIRECTORS                     Chairman, President & CEO     
Bank Consultant             Brown Insurance Group                                       SaveTrust Federal             
                                                          JACK ALBRIGHT, JR.             Savings Bank                 
DON BARBER                  THOMAS E. LOONEY              Retired                                                     
Owner and Manager           Attorney at Law               Hale-Albright Men's Store     JOHN H. HOFF                  
Barber Oil Co.              Looney & Looney                                             Insurance Agent               
                                                          FRED BAIER, JR.               Bradshaw & Company            
ROBERT BURKLOW              J. ROBERT MITCHELL, JR.       Owner                          Insurors                     
Burklow & Associates        Owner                         Farmers Seed Company                                        
                            Mitchell Drug Company                                       JOHNNIE D. SORRELL            
DOUGLAS CHAPMAN                                           FELIX R. DOWSLEY              Vice President                
Senior Vice President       RALPH PADGETT                 Retired                       SaveTrust Federal Savings     
First Citizens Bank         Owner                         Dowsley Insurance and          Bank                         
                            Plateau Truck & Tractor        Realty                                                     
GEORGE S. MILES              Company                                                    -------------------------     
Financial Consultant and                                  THOMAS D. DUNLAP              -------------------------     
 Vice Chairman of the       WILLIAM D. SELECMAN,          Attorney and Landowner                                      
 Board                       D.D.S.                                                     SECURITY TRUST FEDERAL        
First Citizens Bank         Private Practice              W. RALPH JONES, III            SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION   
                                                          President                     KNOXVILLE, TN                 
RICKY MORROW                COSBY STONE                   Jones Manufacturing                                         
Owner                       Managing Partner               Company                      LANNY T. PAYNE                
Morrow's Foodtown and       TAP Publishing Company                                      Chairman, President, and      
 Dairy Queen Restaurant                                   CHARLES R. LEWIS              Chief Executive Officer       
                            -------------------------     Director Emeritus                                           
ANNETTE PEERY               -------------------------                                   DIRECTORS                     
President and CEO                                         HAROLD W. MCLEARY, JR.                                      
First Citizens Bank         FIRST STATE BANK              Attorney at Law               J. MICHAEL ANDERSON           
                            BROWNSVILLE, TN                                             Director                      
MARYLAND SPEARS                                           CLINT O. WILLIAMS             President                     
Distributor                 JERE EAST                     President & CEO               Hilltop Enterprises, Inc.     
Yogie's Purity Milk         President                     Merchants State Bank        
                                                                                      
MICHAEL SPITZER             DIRECTORS                     ADVISORY DIRECTORS          
Attorney at Law                                                                       
Keaton, Turner, and         KENNETH COZART                JAMES ATKINS                
 Spitzer                    Certified Public              FRED BAIER, JR.             
                             Accountant                   JAMES CRENSHAW              
GLENN WOODALL                                             LARRY FOWLKES               
Owner                       JERE EAST                     W. W. HASSELL               
Woodall Grading and         President                     L. H. HERNDON, JR.          
 Engraving Co., Inc.        First State Bank              J. GUS HICKS                
- -------------------------                                 ED JONES                    
- -------------------------   C. THOMAS HOOPER, III      
                            Attorney at Law            
FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK                             
MARYVILLE, TN               ALLEN KING                 
                            Farmer                     
B. R. SULLIVAN                                         
President and CEO           PATRICK H. MANN, JR.       
                            Attorney at Law            
DIRECTORS                                              
                            PETER MASCOLO              
DARRELL D. AKINS            President                  
President and Co-owner      Kleer Vu Industries,       
Akins & Tombras of           Inc.                      
 Knoxville                                             
                            RAILEY POWELL              
THOMAS B. CLICK             President                  
Owner                       Powell Hardwood            
McCammon Ammons Funeral      Manufacturing Company     
 Home

</TABLE>
 
                                       62
<PAGE>   65

<TABLE>
<S>                           <C>                            <C>                               <C>
- ---------------------------   ---------------------------    ---------------------------       ---------------------------   
- ---------------------------   ---------------------------    ---------------------------       ---------------------------   
SECURITY TRUST FEDERAL        UNITED SOUTHERN BANK           FIRST STATE BANK                  THE BANK OF RECTOR            
SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION    CLARKSDALE, MS (CONT'D)        OF NEWPORT                        RECTOR, AR                    
KNOXVILLE, TN (CONT'D)                                       NEWPORT, AR                                                     
LANNY T. PAYNE                KENNETH O. WILLIAMS                                              RONALD L. BENSON              
Chairman, President, and      Owner                          TOMMY HARGROVE                    President                     
Chief Executive Officer       Swan Lake Farms                President                                                       
Security Trust Federal                                                                         DIRECTORS                     
Savings & Loan Association    ADVISORY DIRECTORS             DIRECTORS                                                       
                                                                                               RONALD L. BENSON              
GLORIA S. RAY                 BATESVILLE, POPE AND SLEDGE    MORRIS CRANDALL                   President                     
Director                      Richard H. McMahan             Farmer                            The Bank of Rector            
President                     M. M. Randolph                                                                                 
Greater Knoxville Sports      R. F. Rowsey, Jr.              STEPHEN GRAHAM                    JOE CALVIN                    
 Corporation                  Dr. Jack B. Stewart, Jr.       Farmer                            Attorney at Law               
                              Mary L. Troxler                                                                                
GEORGE H. RIEGER              E. G. Walker, Jr.              SHIRLEY HAIGWOOD                  DANNY FORD                    
Director                      James S. Whitaker              Farmer                            Glen Sain Motor Sales, Inc.   
President                                                                                                                    
Southern Employee Benefit     OLIVE BRANCH                   TOMMY HARGROVE                    DANNY HOLIFIELD               
 Services                     Gilbert Allen                  President                         Farmer                        
                              Lawrence Curbo                 First State Bank of Newport                                     
RANDY E. ROBERSON             Gordon Davidson                                                  G. L. LIEBLONG                
Executive Vice President      Ruth Gadd                      PHIL HOUT                         Chairman                      
Security Trust Federal        Harold Nichols                 Attorney at Law                   North Arkansas Bancshares,    
 Savings & Loan               Thomas Williams                                                   Inc.                         
 Association                                                 DAVID L. JOHNSTON                                               
                              DREW                           Retired (Banker)                  ---------------------------   
MICHAEL J. ROTHMAN            James Steven Clark                                               ---------------------------   
Director                      William J. Dubard              G. L. LIEBLONG                    MERCANTILE BANK               
President                     Prentiss Lewis                 Chairman                          MAMMOTH SPRING, AR            
Nursing Careers, Inc.         Dr. Travis Richardson          North Arkansas Bancshares,                                      
                              A. W. Shurden                   Inc.                             BILL PACE                     
J. ARMISTEAD SMITH            Billy Joe Waldrup                                                President                     
Vice Chairman                                                JOE DAVID SMITH                                                 
Union Planters Corporation    LAMBERT                        Veterinarian                      DIRECTORS                     
President                     Danny Baxley                                                                                   
Community Bank Group          C. B. Cobb, Jr.                ROBERT VANHOOK                    RICHARD GARRISON              
                              Ray C. Crawford                Director and Owner                Cattle Farmer                 
- ---------------------------   Barry S. Haynes                Van Atkins/Campbell Bell                                        
- ---------------------------   Newell Inman                    Stores                           BILL HASS                     
MISSISSIPPI BANKING           Robert K. Mehrle                                                 Attorney at Law               
SUBSIDIARIES                                                 FORREST WISE                                                    
                              TUTWILER                       Retired (Industry)                G. L. LIEBLONG                
FIRST NATIONAL BANK           James Brand                                                      Chairman                      
NEW ALBANY, MS                Gus Berryhill                  ---------------------------       North Arkansas Bancshares,    
                              Floyd Swindoll                 ---------------------------        Inc.                         
CHARLES P. DAVIS              P. H. Thornton, III                                                                            
President & CEO                                              BANK OF WEINER                    BILL PACE                     
                              ---------------------------    WEINER, AR                        President                     
DIRECTORS                     ---------------------------                                      Mercantile Bank               
                              ARKANSAS BANKING               NILES BISE                                                      
BILLY H. BRELAND              SUBSIDIARIES                   President & CEO                   WENDELL RAGSDALE              
Certified Public Accountant   MERCANTILE BANK                                                  Auto Parts Store              
                              JONESBORO, AR                  DIRECTORS                                                       
CHARLES P. DAVIS                                                                               ---------------------------   
President & CEO               G. L. LIEBLONG                 NILES BISE                        ---------------------------   
First National Bank           Chairman & CEO                 President & CEO                   MERCANTILE BANK               
                                                             Bank of Weiner                    HARDY, AR                     
THOMAS H. HAMILTON, III       DIRECTORS                                                                                      
Salesman                                                     CHARLES E. GIVENS                 BOB EVINS                     
                              MARYSTEL APPLETON              Cart Well Company                 President                     
JOE K. ROBBINS, JR.           Bobilldick Farms                                                                               
President                                                    Dr. E. L. Hogue                   DIRECTORS                     
Robbins Farms, Inc.           ROY COOPER                     Physician                                                       
                              Cooper Construction Company                                      BOB EVINS                     
LESTER F. SUMNERS                                            JOHN MARCUS HOGUE                 President                     
Attorney at Law               JOHN FREEMAN                   Baskin-Robbins/Grizzly            Mercantile Bank               
                              President and COO               Adams BBQ                                                      
- ---------------------------   Mercantile Bank                                                  FLOYD HANNON, JR.             
- ---------------------------                                  G. L. LIEBLONG                    Retired                       
UNITED SOUTHERN BANK          LYNN GREENE                    Chairman                                                        
CLARKSDALE, MS                Lynn Greene's Big Star         North Arkansas Bancshares,        KEVIN KING                    
                                                              Inc.                             Attorney at Law               
C. WILLIS CONNELL, JR.        TOMMY LAWRENCE                                                                                 
Chairman & CEO                Manager                        HERBERT ZIEGENHORN                G. L. LIEBLONG                
                              Par 5, Inc.                    Farmer                            Chairman                      
DIRECTORS                                                                                      North Arkansas Bancshares,    
                              G. L. LIEBLONG                 ---------------------------        Inc.                         
C. WILLIS CONNELL, JR.        Chairman                       ---------------------------                                     
Chairman & CEO                North Arkansas Bancshares,     SEARCY COUNTY BANK                ---------------------------   
United Southern Bank           Inc.                          MARSHALL, AR                      ---------------------------   
                                                                                               ALABAMA BANKING               
WILLIS L. FRAZER              J. C. MAHON                    NEIL WILKINS                      SUBSIDIARY                    
President & COO               Retired District Manager       President                         STEINER BANK                  
United Southern Bank          Riceland Foods                                                   BIRMINGHAM, AL                
                                                             DIRECTORS                                                       
FLETCHER S. HAYNES            DR. EUGENE SMITH                                                 B. K. GOODWIN, III            
Farmer                        Retired President              J. VIRGIL BLAIR                   President & CEO               
                              Arkansas State University      Retired                                                         
W. S. HEATON, JR.                                                                              DIRECTORS                     
Farmer                        M. G. SPURLOCK                 GEORGE E. DANIEL                                                
                              Farm Real Estate               Daniel Hardware                   B. K. GOODWIN, III            
WILL LEWIS, JR.                                                                                President & CEO               
Partner                       DR. DOUGLAS WOOD               BOB DERICKSON                     Steiner Bank                  
J. E. Neilson Company         Wood, Wood & Young Vision      Retired                                                         
                               Clinic                                                          ARNOLD L. STEINER             
ED PEACOCK, III                                              G. L. LIEBLONG                    Retired President             
President                                                    Chairman                          Steiner Bank                  
United Southern Bank                                         North Arkansas Bancshares,                                      
Clarksdale Office                                             Inc.                             MARY S. STEINER               
                                                                                            
M. P. STURDIVANT                                             ANCIL MAYS                     
President                                                    Buck Mays Dept. Store          
Due West Gin Co., Inc.                                                                      
                                                             NEIL WILKINS                   
                                                             President                      
                                                             Searcy County Bank             


</TABLE>
 
                                       63
<PAGE>   66
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION
 
ANNUAL MEETING
Thursday, April 28, 1994 at 10 a.m.
Union Planters Administrative Center
Assembly Room C
7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway
Memphis, Tennessee 38018
 
CORPORATE OFFICES
7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway
Memphis, TN 38018
(901) 383-6000
 
CORPORATE MAILING ADDRESS
P.O. Box 387
Memphis, TN 38147
 
TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR
Union Planters National Bank
Corporate Trust Operations
6200 Poplar Avenue
Suite 300
Memphis, TN 38119
 
DIVIDEND PAYING AGENT
Union Planters National Bank
 
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Price Waterhouse
 
STOCK LISTINGS
Common
  NYSE Symbol: UPC
  Wall Street Journal: Unplantr
Series E Convertible Preferred
  NASDAQ NMS Symbol: UPCPO
  Wall Street Journal: Unplantr pfE
 
FOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
CONTACT
Jack W. Parker
Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer
(901) 383-6781
 
FORM 10-K
Copies of the Corporation's
Annual Report on Form 10-K
as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission are
available on request by
writing or calling the
Marketing Division at
(901) 383-6780.
 
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND STOCK
PURCHASE PLAN
The Plan allows Union Planters
shareholders to reinvest their
dividends in Union Planters
common stock at a 5% discount
from market. No brokerage
commissions or service charges
are paid by shareholders.
The plan also permits those
participating in the plan to
buy additional shares
with optional cash payments
and no brokerage commissions.
Full details are available by
calling (901) 383-6960 or
writing Union Planters
Corporate Trust Operations.
 
The Corporation's banking
subsidiaries are members of the
FDIC and are Equal Housing
Lenders. UPC and its subsidiaries
are Equal Opportunity Employers.
 
                                       64
<PAGE>   67
 
UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
P.O. BOX 387
MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE 38147
<PAGE>   68
    Description of map on inside front cover of the Annual Report




The inside front cover of Exhibit 13 (Union Planters Corporation's Annual Report
to Shareholders for 1993) contains a map of the states of Kentucky, Arkansas,
Tennessee, Mississippi, and Alabama showing the headquarters of Union Planters
Corporation and Union Planters National Bank; Union Planters National Bank
Regional Branches; and Community Banks' Headquarters.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION, Registrant,                             Exhibit 21
A bank holding company and a savings and loan holding company      Page 1 of 2


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name of Registrant                                     State or Jurisdiction                Percentage of
 and Subsidiaries                                  Under Laws of Which Organized       Voting Securities Owned
- ------------------                                 -----------------------------       -----------------------
<S>                                                          <C>                        <C>  
Union Planters Corporation (Registrant)                      Tennessee
Union Planters National Bank (a)                             United States              (1)  99.90%
  Chickasaw Capital Corporation (b)                          Tennessee                      100.00%
  Investment Group Mortgage Corporation (b and g)            Tennessee                      100.00%
Union Planters Investment Bankers Corporation (a and g)      Tennessee                      100.00%
  Union Planters Investment Bankers Group, Inc. (c and g)    Tennessee                      100.00%
  UMIC, Inc. (c and g)                                       Tennessee                      100.00%
  UMIC Securities Corporation (c and g)                      Tennessee                      100.00%
Bank of Roane County (a)                                     Tennessee                      100.00%
First National Bank of Crossville (a)                        United States                  100.00%
Merchants State Bank (a)                                     Tennessee                      100.00%
Bank of Trenton and Trust Company (a)                        Tennessee                      100.00%
  Fairless, Hinton & Harbert, Inc. (d)                       Tennessee                      100.00%
Southeastern Bancshares, Inc. (a)                            Tennessee                      100.00%
  DeKalb County Bank & Trust Company (e)                     Tennessee                      100.00%
First Citizens Bank of Hohenwald (a)                         Tennessee                      100.00%
Citizens Bank, Cookeville, Tennessee (a)                     Tennessee                      100.00%
Pickett County Bank and Trust Company (a)                    Tennessee                      100.00%
United Southern Bank (a)                                     Mississippi                    100.00%
First National Bank, New Albany, MS (a)                      United States                  100.00%
Cumberland City Bank (a)                                     Tennessee                      100.00%
Citizens Bank & Trust Company, Wartburg, Tennessee (a)       Tennessee                      100.00%
Steiner Bank (a)                                             Alabama                        100.00%
  Planters Life Insurance Company (f)                        Arizona                        100.00%
  Guardian Realty Company (f)                                Alabama                        100.00%
North Arkansas Bancshares, Inc. (a)                          Arkansas                       100.00%
  Mercantile Bank, Hardy (h)                                 Arkansas                       100.00%
  Mercantile Bank, Mammoth Spring (h)                        Arkansas                       100.00%
  The Bank of Rector (h)                                     Arkansas                       100.00%
  Searcy County Bank (h)                                     Arkansas                       100.00%
  First State Bank, Newport (h)                              Arkansas                       100.00%
  Mercantile Corporation (h)                                 Arkansas                       100.00%
    Advance Data (i)                                         Arkansas                        50.00%
  Mercantile Bank, Jonesboro (h)                             Arkansas                       100.00%
    Mercantile Realty, Inc. (j)                              Arkansas                       100.00%
  Bank of Weiner (h)                                         Arkansas                       100.00%
First Federal Savings Bank of Maryville, Tennessee (a)       United States                  100.00%
  Foothills Financial Services (k)                           Tennessee                      100.00%
Southwestern Investment Company (a)                          Tennessee                      100.00%
Union Planters-Great American Acquisition                    Tennessee                      100.00%
    Corporation (a and g)
Bank of East Tennessee (a)                                   Tennessee                      100.00%
  Southeastern Credit Life Insurance Company (l)             Arizona                        100.00%
Security Trust Federal Savings and Loan Association (a)      United States                  100.00%
  S.T. Service Corporation (m)                               Tennessee                      100.00%
  Commerce Capital Corporation (m)                           Tennessee                      100.00%
SaveTrust Federal Savings Bank (a)                           United States                  100.00%
  First Service Corporation (n)                              Tennessee                      100.00%
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   2
UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION, Registrant,                             Exhibit 21
(Continued)                                                        Page 2 of 2



<TABLE>
<S>                                                     <C>                  <C>
First State Bancshares, Inc. (a)                        Tennessee            100.00%
  First State Bank of Fayette County (o)                Tennessee            100.00%
First Cumberland Bank (a and g)                         Tennessee            100.00%
Farmers Union Bank (a)                                  Tennessee            100.00%
Garrett Bancshares, Inc. (a)                            Tennessee            100.00%
  Bank of Goodlettsville (p)                            Tennessee            100.00%
Erin Bank & Trust Company (a)                           Tennessee            100.00%
First Financial Services, Inc. (a)                      Tennessee            100.00%
  First State Bank (q)                                  Tennessee            100.00%
    First State Leasing, Inc. (r)                       Tennessee            100.00%
Bank of Commerce, Woodbury, Tennessee (a)               Tennessee            100.00%
  Bancom Services, Inc. (s and g)                       Tennessee            100.00%
Central State Bancorp, Inc.                             Tennessee            100.00%
  Central State Bank (t)                                Tennessee            100.00%
Mid-South Bancorp, Inc. (a)                             Kentucky             100.00%
  Simpson County Bank (u)                               Kentucky             100.00%
  Adairville Banking Company (u)                        Kentucky             100.00%
  General Trust Company (u)                             Tennessee            100.00%
  First Citizens Bank (u)                               Tennessee             88.22%
  The Peoples Bank of Elk Valley (u)                    Tennessee             99.01%
Anderson County Bank (a)                                Tennessee            100.00%
First National Bancorp of Shelbyville (a)               Tennessee            100.00%
  First National Bank of Shelbyville (v)                Tennessee            100.00%
    First Leasing Corp. of Shelbyville (w)              Tennessee            100.00%
</TABLE>


(1)  Balance held by Directors of the Bank as directors' qualifying shares
(a)  Subsidiary of Union Planters Corporation
(b)  Subsidiary of Union Planters National Bank
(c)  Subsidiary of Union Planters Investment Bankers Corporation
(d)  Subsidiary of Bank of Trenton and Trust Company
(e)  Subsidiary of Southeastern Bancshares, Inc.
(f)  Subsidiary of Steiner Bank
(g)  Inactive subsidiary
(h)  Subsidiary of North Arkansas Bancshares, Inc.
(i)  A partnership of which Mercantile Corporation owns a 50% interest
(j)  Subsidiary of Mercantile Bank, Jonesboro
(k)  Subsidiary of First Federal Savings Bank of Maryville, Tennessee
(l)  Subsidiary of Bank of East Tennessee
(m)  Subsidiary of Security Trust Federal Savings and Loan Association
(n)  Subsidiary of SaveTrust Federal Savings Bank
(o)  Subsidiary of First State Bancshares, Inc.
(p)  Subsidiary of Garrett Bancshares, Inc.
(q)  Subsidiary of First Financial Services, Inc.
(r)  Subsidiary of First State Bank
(s)  Subsidiary of Bank of Commerce
(t)  Subsidiary of Central State Bancorp, Inc.
(u)  Subsidiary of Mid-South Bancorp, Inc.
(v)  Subsidiary of First National Bancorp of Shelbyville
(w)  Subsidiary of First National Bank of Shelbyville
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS CONSENT OF PRICE WATERHOUSE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      Exhibit 23




                       CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the previously filed
Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 33-27814) and Form S-8 (Nos. 2-87392,
33-23306, 33-35928, and 33-53454) of Union Planters Corporation of our report
dated January 20, 1994 appearing on page 34 of the Annual Report to
Shareholders which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





PRICE WATERHOUSE
Memphis, Tennessee

March 24, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
