-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IA3IqT0J44idYyXnOj4hSpX/yw0umaEIJS+hbmqVpuHIPKVFyqBwTClKg9qjmzJ7
 35HQvC5nOMSOUHQM2/JmaA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950144-96-001013.txt : 19960320
<SEC-HEADER>0000950144-96-001013.hdr.sgml : 19960320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950144-96-001013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960319
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION PLANTERS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100893
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				620859007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10160
		FILM NUMBER:		96536191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7130 GOODLETT FARMS PKWY
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9013836000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7130 GOODLETT FARMS PKWY
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38018
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
               UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, DC 20549
                                  FORM 10-K

                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                    OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

  X     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
- ------  ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
        

                 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995

                                       OR

        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
- ------  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

             For the transition period from          to 
                                            --------    --------

                         Commission File No. 1-10160


                         UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


        Tennessee                                       62-0859007
 ------------------------                   --------------------------------- 
 (State of incorporation)                   (IRS Employer Identification No.)


7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway, Memphis, Tennessee       38018
- --------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)            (ZIP Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   (901)  383-6000
                                                    -------------------

         SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

         Common Stock having a par           New York Stock Exchange
         value of $5 per share               (name of each exchange
         (title of class)                     on which registered)

         SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                 8% Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock,
               Series E having a stated value of $25 per share
                               (title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirement for the past 90 days.

                                Yes  X    No 
                                    ---       ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant at February 29, 1996 was approximately $1,340,033,000.

           INDICATE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING OF EACH OF THE
                     REGISTRANT'S CLASSES OF COMMON STOCK

                   CLASS                   OUTSTANDING AT FEBRUARY 29, 1996

           Common Stock having a par                  45,565,914
           value of $5 per share
           (title of class)

                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Part of Form 10-K
          Documents Incorporated                 into which incorporated
     -----------------------------------         ---------------------------
<S>                                              <C>
1.   Certain parts of the Annual Report          Items 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8
     to Shareholders for the year ended 
     December 31, 1995

2.   Certain parts of the Definitive Proxy                Part III
     Statement for the Annual Shareholders 
     Meeting to be held April 25, 1996

</TABLE>
<PAGE>   2
 


                       FORM 10-K CROSS-REFERENCE INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Page
PART I
    <S>            <C>                                                      <C>
    Item 1.        Business                                                  3

    Item 1a.       Executive Officers of the Registrant                     14

    Item 2.        Properties                                               14

    Item 3.        Legal Proceedings                                        15
                                                                         
    Item 4.        Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders      *


PART II

    Item 5.        Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and              
                      Related Stockholder Matters                           16

    Item 6.        Selected Financial Data                                  16

    Item 7.        Management's Discussion and Analysis of
                      Financial Condition and Results of Operations         16

    Item 8.        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data              16

    Item 9.        Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                      Accounting and Financial Disclosure                   *


PART III

    Item 10.       Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant       16

    Item 11.       Executive Compensation                                   16

    Item 12.       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners          16
                      and Management

    Item 13.       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions           16
                                                                            

PART IV

    Item 14.       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,                 17
                      and Reports on Form 8-K                             


SIGNATURES                                                                  18

* Not Applicable

</TABLE>



                                      2

<PAGE>   3
 


                                    PART I

                               ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation"), an $11.3 billion bank
holding company and savings and loan holding company incorporated in 1971 under
the laws of the state of Tennessee and headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee, is
the second largest financial institution holding company headquartered in
Tennessee. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had the largest deposit base
of any bank holding company headquartered in Tennessee. The Corporation's
activities are conducted through its principal banking subsidiary, the $2.2
billion Union Planters National Bank ("UPNB") headquartered in Memphis,
Tennessee, 35 other banking subsidiaries and two savings and loan subsidiaries
located in Tennessee, Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and
Kentucky (collectively, "banking subsidiaries"). Reference is made to the 1995
Annual Report to Shareholders for a listing of communities served on page 31,
Table 15, and the map on the inside cover of the report for additional
information regarding the size, locations, and markets served by the
Corporation's subsidiaries.

     The Corporation, through its banking subsidiaries, provides a diversified
range of banking and financial services in the communities in which it
operates, including consumer, commercial and corporate lending; retail banking;
mortgage banking; and other ancillary financial services normally furnished by
full-service financial institutions. The Corporation also is engaged in
mortgage servicing; investment management and trust service; the issuance and
servicing of credit and debit cards; and the origination, packaging, and
securitization of loans, primarily the government-guaranteed portions of Small
Business Administration ("SBA") loans.

PENDING ACQUISITION

     On March 8, 1996, the Corporation entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Merger to acquire all of the outstanding stock of Leader Financial Corporation
("LFC"), a publicly traded Tennessee thrift holding company, in a tax-free
acquisition to be accounted for as a pooling of interests. Pursuant to the
merger agreement, the Corporation will exchange 1.525 shares of its Common
Stock, or approximately 16.6 million shares, for each outstanding common share
of LFC. The merger is subject to satisfaction of certain contractual conditions
to closing, regulatory and shareholder approvals, and is expected to be
consummated in the fourth quarter of 1996. At December 31, 1995, LFC reported
approximately $3.1 billion in total assets, $1.6 billion in total deposits,
$247 million in shareholders' equity, and 1995 net earnings of approximately
$37 million.


                       CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

GENERAL

     As a bank holding company, the Corporation is subject to the regulation
and supervision of the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act
of 1956 ("BHCA"). In addition, as a savings and loan holding company, the
Corporation is registered with the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS") and
is subject to OTS regulation, supervision, and reporting requirements. Each of
the Corporation's banking subsidiaries is a member of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), and as such, its deposits are insured by the
FDIC to the maximum extent provided by law.

The Corporation's banking subsidiaries which are national banking       
associations, including its principal subsidiary, UPNB, are subject to
supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
(the "Comptroller") and the FDIC. State bank subsidiaries of the Corporation
which are members of the Federal Reserve System are subject to supervision and
examination by the Federal Reserve Board and the state banking authorities of
the states in which they are located. State bank subsidiaries which are not
members of the Federal Reserve System are subject to supervision and examination
by the FDIC and the state banking authorities of the states in which they are
located. The Corporation's savings bank subsidiaries are subject to supervision
and examination by the OTS. The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are subject
to various requirements and restrictions, including requirements to maintain
reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts of loans and
other extensions of credit that may be granted and the interest that may be
charged thereon and limitations on the types of investments that may be made and
the types of services that may be offered. Various consumer laws and
regulations also affect the operations of the banking subsidiaries. In addition
to the impact 

                                      3

<PAGE>   4
 
of regulation, the banking subsidiaries are affected significantly by
the actions of the Federal Reserve Board as it attempts to control the money
supply and credit availability in order to influence the economy.

     The BHCA requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval
of the Federal Reserve Board before (i) it may acquire direct or indirect
ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such
acquisition, the bank holding company would directly or indirectly own or
control more than 5.0% of the voting shares of the bank; (ii) it or any of its
subsidiaries, other than a bank, may acquire all or substantially all of the
assets of a bank; or (iii) it may merge or consolidate with any other bank
holding company.

     The BHCA further provides that the Federal Reserve Board may not approve
any transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of
any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the
business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which
may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in
any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint
of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are
clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs
of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve Board is also required to
consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the
bank holding companies and banks concerned and the convenience and needs of the
community to be served. Consideration of financial resources generally focuses
on capital adequacy, and consideration of convenience and needs issues includes
the parties' performance under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as
amended (the "CRA"), both of which are discussed below.

     The BHCA, as amended by the interstate banking provisions of the
Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 ("the
Interstate Banking Act"), which became effective on September 29, 1995,
repealed the prior statutory restrictions on interstate acquisitions of banks
by bank holding companies, such that the Corporation and any other bank holding
company located in Tennessee may now acquire a bank located in any other state,
and a bank holding company outside Tennessee may lawfully acquire any
Tennessee-based bank, regardless of state law to the contrary, in either case
subject to certain deposit-percentage and other restrictions. The Interstate
Banking Act also generally provides that, after June 1, 1997, national and
state-chartered banks may branch interstate through acquisitions of banks in
other states. By adopting legislation prior to that date, a state has the
ability either to "opt in" and accelerate the date after which interstate
branching is permissible or to "opt out" and prohibit interstate branching
altogether. Tennessee has recently "opted in."

     The BHCA generally prohibits the Corporation from engaging in activities
other than banking or managing or controlling banks or other permissible
subsidiaries and from acquiring or retaining direct or indirect control of any
company engaged in any activities other than those activities determined by the
Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or
controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. In determining whether a
particular activity is permissible, the Federal Reserve Board must consider
whether the performance of such an activity reasonably can be expected to
produce benefits to the public, such as greater convenience, increased
competition, or gains in efficiency that outweigh possible adverse effects such
as undue concentration of resources, decreased or unfair competition, conflicts
of interest, or unsound banking practices. For example, factoring accounts
receivable, acquiring or servicing loans, leasing personal property, conducting
discount securities brokerage activities, performing certain data processing
services, acting as agent or broker in selling credit life insurance and
certain other types of insurance in connection with credit transactions, and
performing certain insurance underwriting activities have all been determined
by the Federal Reserve Board to be permissible activities of bank holding
companies.  The BHCA does not place territorial limitations on permissible
nonbanking activities of bank holding companies. Despite prior approval, the
Federal Reserve Board has the power to order a bank holding company or its
subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control
of any subsidiaries when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation
of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the
financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank
holding company.

CAPITAL

     The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for
bank holding companies. The minimum guideline for the ratio ("Risk-Based
Capital Ratio") of total capital ("Total Capital") to risk-weighted assets
(including certain off-balance-sheet activities such as standby letters of
credit) is 8%. At least half of the Total Capital must be composed of "Tier 1
Capital," which consists of common shareholders' equity, minority interests in
the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, noncumulative perpetual
preferred stock and a limited

                                       4

<PAGE>   5

amount of cumulative perpetual preferred stock, less goodwill and
excluding the unrealized gain or loss, net of taxes, on available for sale
securities. The remainder, which is "Tier 2 Capital," may consist of limited
amounts of subordinated debt (or certain other qualifying debt issued prior to
March 12, 1988), other preferred stock and a limited amount of loan loss
reserves.

     In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has established minimum leverage
ratio guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a
minimum ratio of Tier 1 Capital to average total assets less goodwill (the
"Leverage Ratio") of 3% for bank holding companies that meet certain specified
criteria, including those having the highest regulatory rating. All other bank
holding companies generally are required to maintain a Leverage Ratio of at
least 3% plus an additional cushion of 100 to 200 basis points. The guidelines
also provide that bank holding companies experiencing internal growth or making
acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially
above the minimum supervisory levels without significant reliance on intangible
assets. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve Board has indicated that it will
consider a "tangible Tier 1 Capital Leverage Ratio" (deducting all intangibles)
and other indicia of capital strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or
new activities. The Federal Reserve Board has not advised the Corporation of
any specific minimum Leverage Ratio applicable to the Corporation.

     The federal bank regulatory agencies maintain the Risk Based Capital
guidelines for banks and bank holding companies under continuing review. Under
one proposal, banks would be required to give explicit consideration to
interest-rate risk as an element of capital adequacy by maintaining capital to
compensate for such risk in an amount measured by the bank's exposure to
interest-rate risk in excess of a regulatory threshold. A proposal recently
issued by the Federal Reserve Board and joined in by the other bank regulatory
agencies increases the amount of capital required to be carried against certain
long-term derivative contracts; in addition, the proposal recognizes the effect
of certain bilateral netting arrangements in reducing potential future exposure
under these contracts. The Corporation's Management believes that these
changes, if adopted, will not have a material effect on the Corporation's
compliance with capital adequacy requirements.

     Failure to meet capital requirements can subject an institution to a
variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the
termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, and a prohibition on the taking
of brokered deposits. As described below, substantial additional restrictions
can be imposed upon FDIC-insured institutions that fail to meet applicable
capital requirements. See "Prompt Corrective Action" discussion below.

     At December 31, 1995, the Corporation's Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio was
16.35%, its Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio (i.e., its ratio of Tier 1 Capital
to risk-weighted assets) was 12.64% and its Leverage Ratio was 8.09%. In
addition, each of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries satisfied the minimum
capital requirements applicable to it and had the requisite capital levels to
qualify as a "well-capitalized" institution under the prompt corrective action
provisions discussed below.

     Each of the banking subsidiaries is subject to Risk-Based and Leverage
Capital Ratio requirements adopted by their respective federal regulators which
are substantially similar to those adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. As of
December 31, 1995, the Total and Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital and Leverage Ratios
of UPNB, the Corporation's largest bank subsidiary, were 15.69%, 14.43% and
9.08%, respectively. Neither the Corporation nor any of the banking
subsidiaries has been advised by any federal banking agency of any specific
minimum capital ratio requirement applicable to it.

PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION

     The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
("FDICIA"), and the joint regulations thereunder adopted by the federal banking
agencies, require the banking regulators to take prompt corrective action in
respect of depository institutions that do not meet their minimum capital
requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: "well capitalized,"
"adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized,"
and "critically undercapitalized." Under capital regulations, a bank is defined
to be well capitalized if it maintains a Leverage Ratio of at least 5%, a Tier
1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of at least 6% and a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio
of at least 10% and is not otherwise in a "troubled condition" as determined by
its appropriate federal regulatory agency. A bank is defined to be adequately
capitalized if it meets all of its minimum capital requirements as described
under "Capital" above. In addition, a bank will be considered
"undercapitalized" if it fails to meet any minimum required measure,
"significantly undercapitalized" if it is significantly below such measure, and


                                       5

<PAGE>   6
 

"critically undercapitalized" if it fails to maintain a level of tangible
equity equal to not less than 2% of total assets. A bank may be deemed to be in
a capitalization category that is lower than is indicated by its actual capital
position if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating.

     Regardless of their capital levels, all institutions are restricted from
making any capital distribution or paying any management fees that would cause
the institution to fail to satisfy the minimum levels required to be considered
adequately capitalized. An undercapitalized institution is: (i) subject to
increased monitoring by the appropriate federal banking regulator; (ii)
required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan within 45 days; (iii)
subject to asset growth limits; and (iv) required to obtain prior regulatory
approval for acquisitions, branching and new lines of business. Such capital
restoration plan must include a guarantee by the institution's holding company
that the institution will comply with the plan until it has been adequately
capitalized on average for four consecutive quarters. Pursuant to the
guarantee, the institution's holding company would be liable up to the lesser
of 5% of the institution's total assets or the amount necessary to bring the
institution into capital compliance as of the date it failed to comply with its
capital restoration plan. If the controlling bank holding company should fail
to fulfill its obligations under the guarantee and should file (or should have
filed against it) a petition under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, the appropriate
federal banking regulator could have a claim as a general creditor of the bank
holding company and, if the guarantee were deemed to be a commitment to
maintain capital under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, the claim would be entitled
to priority in such bankruptcy proceeding over third-party creditors of the
bank holding company.

     The regulatory agencies have discretionary authority to reclassify well
capitalized institutions as adequately capitalized, or to impose on adequately
capitalized institutions requirements or actions specified for undercapitalized
institutions, if the agency should determine after notice and an opportunity
for hearing that the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or is
engaging in an unsafe or unsound practice, which can consist of the receipt of
an unsatisfactory examination rating if the deficiencies cited are not
corrected. A significantly undercapitalized institution, as well as any
undercapitalized institution which should fail to submit an acceptable capital
restoration plan, may be subject to regulatory demands for recapitalization;
broader application of restrictions on transactions with affiliates;
limitations on interest rates paid on deposits; asset growth and other
activities; possible replacement of directors and officers; and restrictions on
capital distributions by any bank holding company controlling the institution.
Any company controlling the institution could also be required to divest the
institution or the institution could be required to divest subsidiaries. The
senior executive officers of a significantly undercapitalized institution may
not receive bonuses or increases in compensation without prior regulatory
approval and the institution is prohibited from making payments of principal or
interest on its subordinated debt. If an institution should become critically
undercapitalized, the institution would be subject to conservatorship or
receivership within 90 days unless periodic determinations are made that
forbearance from such action would better protect the deposit insurance fund.
Unless appropriate findings and certifications are made by the appropriate
federal bank regulatory agencies, a critically undercapitalized institution
must be placed in receivership if it should remain critically undercapitalized
on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date it
became critically undercapitalized.


                                       6

<PAGE>   7
 


COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT

     All of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries are subject to the
provisions of the CRA and the federal banking agencies' other implemented
regulations. Under the CRA, all financial institutions have a continuing and
affirmative obligation consistent with its safe and sound operation to help
meet the credit needs of their entire communities, including low-to-moderate
income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements
or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution's
discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are
best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. The CRA
requires the federal banking agencies, in connection with their examination of
a depository institution, to assess the institution's record in assessing and
meeting the credit needs of the community served by that institution, including
low-to-moderate income neighborhoods. The regulatory agency's assessment of the
institution's record is made available to the public. Further, such assessment
is required of any institution which has applied to: (i) charter a national
bank; (ii) obtain deposit insurance coverage for a newly chartered institution;
(iii) establish a new branch office that will accept deposits; (iv) relocate an
office; or (v) merge or consolidate with, or acquire the assets or assume the
liabilities of, a federally regulated financial institution. In the case of a
bank holding company applying for approval to acquire a bank or bank holding
company, the Federal Reserve Board will assess the records of each subsidiary
depository institution of the applicant bank holding company, and such records
may be the basis for denying the application. Based on their most recent CRA
compliance examinations, the Corporation's subsidiary banks and thrifts all
received at least a "satisfactory" CRA rating.

     Since December 1993, the federal banking agencies have had under
consideration a revision of their CRA regulations in order to provide clearer
guidance to depository institutions on the nature and extent of their CRA
obligations and the methods by which those obligations would be assessed and
enforced. In response to widespread criticisms of the December 1993 proposal,
the agencies on September 26, 1994, issued a revised proposal which was adopted
substantially as proposed on April 17, 1995. Under these new CRA regulations,
which are now effective, the earlier process-based CRA assessment factors were
replaced with a new evaluation system which would rate institutions based on
their actual performance in meeting community credit needs.  The evaluation
system used to judge an institution's CRA performance consists of three tests:
a lending test; an investment test; and a service test. Each of these tests
will be applied by the institution's federal regulator in an assessment context
that would take into account such factors as: (i) demographic data pertaining
to the community, (ii) the institution's capacity and constraints, (iii) the
institution's product offerings and business strategy, and (iv) data on the
prior performance of the institution and similarly situated lenders.  The new
lending test -- the most important of the three tests for all institutions
other than wholesale and limited purpose (e.g., credit card) banks -- will be
used to evaluate an institution's lending activities as measured by its
home-mortgage loans, small business and farm loans, community-development loans
and, at the option of the institution, its consumer loans. The institution's
regulator will weigh each of these lending categories to reflect their relative
importance to the institution's overall business and, in the case of community
development loans, the characteristics and needs of the institution's service
area and the opportunities available for this type of lending.  Assessment
criteria for the lending test will include: (i) geographical distribution of
the institution's lending; (ii) distribution of the institution's home mortgage
and consumer loans among different economic segments of the community; (iii)
the number and amount of small business and small farm loans made by the
institution; (iv) the number and amount of community-development loans
outstanding; and (v) the institution's use of innovative or flexible lending
practices to meet the needs of low-to-moderate income individuals and
neighborhoods. At the election of an institution or if particular circumstances
so warrant, the banking agencies will take into account in making their
assessments lending by the institution's affiliates as well as
community-development loans made by the lending consortia and other lenders in
which the institution has invested. As part of the new regulation, all
financial institutions will be required to report data on their small business
and small farm loans as well as their home mortgage loans, which are currently
required to be reported under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.

     The focus of the investment test will be the degree to which the
institution is helping to meet the needs of its service area through qualified
investments that (i) benefit low-to-moderate income individuals and small
businesses or farms, (ii) address affordable housing needs, or (iii) involve
donations of branch offices to minority or women's depository institutions.
Assessment of an institution's performance under the investment test will be
based upon the dollar amount of the institution's qualified investments, its
use of innovative or complex techniques to support community-development
initiatives, and its responsiveness to credit and community-development needs. 
The service test will evaluate an institution's systems for delivering retail
banking services, taking into account such factors as (i) the geographical
distribution of the

                                       7

<PAGE>   8
 

institution's branch offices and ATMs, (ii) the institution's record of opening
and closing branch offices and ATMs, and (iii) the availability of alternate
product-delivery systems such as home banking and loan production offices in
low-to-moderate income areas. The federal regulators will also consider an
institution's community-development service as part of the service test. A
separate community-development test will be applied to wholesale or limited
purpose financial institutions.

     Smaller institutions, i.e, those having total assets of less than $250
million, will be evaluated under more streamlined criteria. In addition, a
financial institution will have the option of having its CRA performance
evaluated based on a strategic plan of up to five years in length that is
developed in cooperation with local community groups. In order to be rated
under a strategic plan, the institution will be required to obtain the prior
approval of its federal regulator.

     The joint agency CRA regulation provides that an institution evaluated
under a given test will receive one of five ratings for that test: outstanding,
high satisfactory, low satisfactory, needs to improve, or substantial
noncompliance. An institution will then receive a certain number of points for
its rating on each test and the points will be combined to produce an overall
composite rating of either outstanding, satisfactory, needs to improve, or
substantial non-compliance. Under the agencies' rating guidelines, an
institution that receives an "outstanding" rating on the lending test will
receive a rating of at least "satisfactory", and no institution can receive an
overall rating of "satisfactory" unless it receives a rating of at least "low
satisfactory" on its lending test. In addition, evidence of discriminatory or
other illegal credit practices would adversely affect an institution's overall
rating. Under the new regulations, an institution's CRA rating would continue
to be taken into account by its regulator in considering various types of
applications.

DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS

     The Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking
subsidiaries and its nonbanking subsidiaries. The Corporation's revenues (on a
parent company only basis) result, in significant part, from dividends paid to
the Corporation by its subsidiaries. The right of the Corporation, and
consequently the rights of creditors and shareholders of the Corporation, to
participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary
through the payment of such dividends or otherwise is necessarily subject to
the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiary (including depositors, in the
case of banking subsidiaries) except to the extent that claims of the
Corporation in its capacity as a creditor may be recognized.

     There are statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to the payment
of dividends to the Corporation by its banking subsidiaries. Each national
banking association subsidiary of the Corporation is required by federal law to
obtain the prior approval of the Comptroller for the declaration of dividends
if the total of all dividends to be declared by the board of directors of such
bank in any year would exceed the total of (i) such bank's net profits (as
defined and interpreted by regulation) for that year, plus (ii) the retained
net profits (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for the preceding two
years, less any required transfers to surplus. In addition, national banks may
only pay dividends to the extent that their retained net profits (including the
portion transferred to surplus) exceed statutory bad debts (as defined by
regulation). The Corporation's state-chartered banking subsidiaries are subject
to similar restrictions on the payment of dividends by the respective state
laws under which they are organized. Furthermore, as described above under
"Prompt Corrective Action," all depository institutions are prohibited from
paying any dividends, making other distributions, or paying any management fees
if, after such payment, the depository institution would fail to satisfy its
minimum capital requirements. In accordance with the specified calculations, at
January 1, 1996, approximately $35 million was available for distribution to
the Corporation without obtaining prior regulatory approval. Future dividends
will depend upon the level of earnings of the banking subsidiaries of the
Corporation. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve Board that bank holding
companies should pay dividends only out of current earnings. Federal banking
regulators also have the authority to prohibit banks and bank holding companies
from paying a dividend if they should deem such payment to be an unsafe or
unsound practice.

SUPPORT OF BANKING SUBSIDIARIES

     Under Federal Reserve Board policy, the Corporation is expected to act as
a source of financial strength to its banking subsidiaries and, where required,
to commit resources to support each of such subsidiaries. This support may be
required at times when, absent such Federal Reserve Board policy, the
Corporation may not be inclined to provide it. Moreover, if one of its banking
subsidiaries should become undercapitalized, under FDICIA the Corporation would
be 


                                       8

<PAGE>   9
 
required to guarantee the subsidiary bank's compliance with its capital plan
in order for such plan to be accepted by the federal regulatory authority. See
discussion under "Prompt Corrective Action" above.

     Under the "cross guarantee" provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act (the "FDI Act"), any FDIC-insured subsidiary of the Corporation may be held
liable for any loss incurred by, or reasonably expected to be incurred by, the
FDIC in connection with (i) the "default" of any other commonly controlled
FDIC-insured subsidiary or (ii) any assistance provided by the FDIC to any
commonly controlled FDIC-insured subsidiary "in danger of default." "Default"
is defined generally as the appointment of a conservator or receiver and "in
danger of default" is defined generally as the existence of certain conditions
indicating that a default is likely to occur in the absence of regulatory
assistance.

     Because it is a bank holding company, any capital loans made by the
Corporation to its banking subsidiaries are subordinate in right of payment to
deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the
event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank
holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of
a banking subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to
a priority of payment over certain other creditors of the bank holding company,
including the holders of its subordinated debt.

TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES

     Provisions of the Federal Reserve Act impose restrictions on the type,
quantity and quality of transactions between "affiliates" (as defined below) of
an insured bank and the insured bank (including a bank holding company and its
nonbank subsidiaries). The purpose of these restrictions is to prevent misuse
of the resources of the insured institution by its uninsured affiliates. An
exception to most of these restrictions is provided for transactions between
two insured banks that are within the same holding company where the holding
company owns 80% or more of each of these banks (the "sister bank" exception).
The restrictions also do not apply to transactions between an insured bank and
its wholly owned subsidiaries. These restrictions include limitations on the
purchase and sale of assets and extensions of credit by the insured bank to its
holding company or its nonbank subsidiaries. An insured bank and its
subsidiaries are limited in engaging in "covered transactions" with their
nonbank or nonsavings-bank affiliates to the following amounts: (i) in the case
of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the
insured bank and its subsidiaries may not exceed 10% of the capital stock and
surplus of the insured bank and (ii) in the case of all affiliates, the
aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured bank and its
subsidiaries may not exceed 20% of the capital stock and surplus of the bank.
"Covered transactions" are defined by statute to include loans or other
extensions of credit as well as purchases of securities issued by an affiliate,
purchases of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the Federal Reserve Board),
the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan
and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit issued on
behalf of an affiliate. Further, provisions of the BHCA, as amended, prohibit a
bank holding company and its subsidiaries from engaging in certain tie-in
arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of
property or furnishing of services. As used herein, "affiliate" means generally
any company that controls the insured bank, a company which is under common
control with the insured bank and a subsidiary of the insured bank.

FDIC INSURANCE ASSESSMENTS

     In July 1993, the FDIC adopted a new risk-based assessment system for
insured depository institutions that takes into account the risks attributable
to different categories and concentrations of assets and liabilities. The new   
system, which went into effect on January 1, 1994, and replaces a transitional
system that the FDIC had utilized for the 1993 calendar year, assigns an
institution to one of three capital categories: (i) well capitalized, (ii)      
adequately capitalized, and (iii) undercapitalized. These three categories are
substantially similar to the "prompt corrective action" categories described
above with the "undercapitalized" category including institutions that are
undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized
for prompt corrective action purposes.  An institution is also assigned by the
FDIC to one of three supervisory subgroups within each capital group. The
supervisory subgroup to which an institution is assigned is based on a
supervisory evaluation provided to the FDIC by the institution's primary federal
regulator and information which the FDIC determines to be relevant to the
institution's financial condition and the risk posed to the deposit insurance
funds (which may include, if applicable, information provided by the
institution's state supervisor). An institution's insurance assessment rate is
then determined based on the capital category and supervisory category to which
it is assigned. Under the final risk-based assessment system, as well as the
prior transitional system, there are nine assessment risk classifications (i.e.,


                                       9

<PAGE>   10
 

combinations of capital groups and supervisory subgroups) to which different
assessment rates are applied. Assessment rates for members of both the Bank
Insurance Fund ("BIF") and the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF") for
the first half of 1995, as they had been during 1994, ranged from 23 basis
points (0.23% of deposits) per year for an institution in the highest category
(i.e., "well capitalized" and "healthy") to 31 basis points (0.31% of deposits)
for an institution in the lowest category (i.e., "undercapitalized" and
"substantial supervisory concern"). These rates were established for both funds
to achieve a designated ratio of reserves to insured deposits (i.e., 1.25%)
within a specified period of time.

     Once the designated ratio for the BIF was reached, which occurred in 1995,
the FDIC was authorized to reduce the minimum assessment rate below 23 basis
points and to set future assessment rates at such levels that would maintain a
fund's reserve ratio at the designated level. On December 11, 1995, the FDIC
adopted final regulations reducing the assessment rates for BIF-member banks.
Under the revised schedule, BIF-member banks, commencing January 1, 1996, will
now pay assessments ranging from 0 basis points to 27 basis points. At the same
time, the FDIC elected to retain the existing assessment rate of 23 to 31 basis
points, depending upon the institution's risk classification, for SAIF members
for the foreseeable future given the undercapitalized status of that insurance
fund. The FDIC deposit insurance assessment is expected to be $2,000 per
"well-capitalized" BIF-insured bank for the year 1996.

     On July 28, 1995, the FDIC, the Treasury Department and the OTS released
statements outlining a proposed plan ("Proposed Plan") to recapitalize the
SAIF. The Proposed Plan, which is pending both as a stand-alone measure and as
a part of the proposed budget reconciliation legislation, would require all
SAIF-member institutions to pay a special one-time assessment of approximately
85 basis points based on the amount of SAIF-assessable deposits. The special
assessment would  result in a significant recapitalization of the SAIF so as to
enable the fund to reach its designated reserve ratio. The Proposed Plan would
make other statutory changes that would strengthen the SAIF fund: the
assessment base for the payments on the Financing Corporation ("FICO") bonds
would be expanded to include the deposits of both BIF- and SAIF-insured
institutions; the unspent funds of the RTC would be made available to cover any
extraordinary and unanticipated SAIF losses until the BIF and SAIF shall be
merged (a part of the Proposed Plan not supported by the Treasury Department);
and the BIF and SAIF would be merged as soon as possible but no later than the
beginning of 1998. The Proposed Plan would also reduce the minimum average
assessment rate required under the FDI Act for a fund that is undercapitalized
or has outstanding borrowings from the Treasury or the Federal Financing Bank
from 23 basis points to 8 basis points. The Proposed Plan also includes special
rules for undercapitalized institutions that could not pay the special
assessment without increasing the risk of losses to the SAIF.  Other
legislative proposals made in connection with the Proposed Plan have included
combining the thrift and bank charters into a single unified charter and
requiring all thrifts to become banks or state-chartered savings banks.

BROKERED DEPOSITS

        The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the receipt of brokered
deposits. Under the regulations, a bank may not lawfully accept, roll over or
renew brokered deposits unless (i) it is well capitalized or (ii) it is
adequately capitalized and receives a waiver from the FDIC. A bank that may not
receive brokered deposits also may not offer "pass-through" insurance on certain
employee benefit accounts. Whether or not it has obtained such a waiver, an
adequately capitalized bank may not pay an interest rate on any deposits in
excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates specified by
regulation. There are no such restrictions on a bank that is well capitalized.
Because the Corporation's banking subsidiaries at December 31, 1995, had the
requisite capital levels to qualify as well capitalized institutions, the
Corporation believes the brokered deposits regulation will have no material
effect on the funding or liquidity of any of its banking subsidiaries.

SAFETY AND SOUNDNESS STANDARDS

     The FDI Act, as amended by the FDICIA and the Riegle Community Development
and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, requires the federal bank regulatory
agencies to prescribe standards, by regulations or guidelines, relating to the
internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems, loan
documentation, credit underwriting, interest-rate-risk exposure, asset growth,
asset quality, earnings, stock valuation and compensation, fees and benefits
and such other operational and managerial standards as the agencies may deem
appropriate.  The federal bank regulatory agencies adopted, effective August 9,
1995, a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards pursuant
to FDICIA, as amended. The guidelines establish general standards relating to
internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan
documentation, credit underwriting, interest-rate exposure, asset growth and
compensation, fees


                                       10

<PAGE>   11
 

and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things,
appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures
specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as
an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the
amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by
an executive officer, employee, director, or principal stockholder. The federal
banking agencies determined that stock valuation standards were not appropriate.
In addition, the agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not
require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an
agency that it is not satisfying any one or more of such safety and soundness
standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an
institution should fail to submit an acceptable compliance plan or should fail
in any material respect to implement an accepted compliance plan, the agency
must issue an order directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an
order directing other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized
association is subject under the "prompt correction action" provisions of
FDICIA. See "Prompt Corrective Action" above. If an institution should fail to
comply with such an order, the agency may seek to enforce such order in judicial
proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. The federal bank regulatory
agencies also proposed guidelines for asset quality earning standards.

DEPOSITOR PREFERENCE

     Legislation recently enacted by Congress establishes a nationwide
depositor-preference rule in the event of a bank failure. Under this
arrangement all deposits and certain other claims against a bank, including the
claim of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, would receive payment in
full before any general creditor of the bank, including the holders of its
subordinated debt securities, would be entitled to any payment in the event of
an insolvency or liquidation of the bank.

PROPOSED LEGISLATION

     Because of concerns relating to the competitiveness and the safety and
soundness of the industry, the Congress continues to consider a number of
wide-ranging proposals for altering the structure, regulation, and competitive
relationships of the nation's financial institutions. Among such bills are
proposals to combine banks and thrifts into a unified charter, to alter the
statutory separation of commercial and investment banking, and to further
expand the powers of depository institutions, bank holding companies, and
competitors of depository institutions.  It cannot be predicted whether or in
what form any of these proposals will be adopted or the extent to which the
business of the Corporation may be affected thereby.

PERSONNEL

     As of February 29, 1996, the Corporation, including all subsidiaries, had
5,690 employees (including 1,221 part-time employees).



                                       11

<PAGE>   12
 



STATISTICAL DISCLOSURES

     The statistical information required by Item 1 may be found in the 1995
Annual Report to Shareholders (Exhibit 13 hereto) and, to the extent indicated,
is incorporated herein by reference, as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Page in the Corporation's
                                                      1995 Annual Report to
               Guide 3 Disclosure                          Shareholders*
               ------------------                   --------------------------
<S>    <C>                                               <C>
I.     Distribution of Assets, Liabilities, and
       Shareholders' Equity; Interest Rates and
       Interest Differential
       A.   Average Balance Sheet                              22
       B.   Net Interest Earnings Analysis                     22
       C.   Rate/Volume Analysis                               23

II.    Investment Portfolio
       A.   Book Value of Investment Securities          27, 44, and 45
       B.   Maturities of Investment Securities                45
       C.   Investment Securities Concentrations         not applicable

III.   Loan Portfolio                                       
        A.   Types of Loans                                 24 and 46
        B.   Maturities and Sensitivity of
             Loans to Changes in Interest Rates          Follows this table
        C.   Risk Elements
             1.  Nonaccrual, Past Due 90 Days
                 or More, and Restructured Loans               24
             2.   Potential Problem Loans                      14
             3.   Foreign Outstandings                    Not significant
             4.   Loan Concentrations                          13
        D.   Other Interest-Bearing Assets                Not significant

IV.    Summary of Loan Loss Experience
        A.   Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses             25
        B.   Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses       24

V.     Deposits
        A.   Average Balances                               22 and 23
        B.   Maturities of Large Denomination
             Certificates of Deposit                      Follows this table
        C.   Foreign Deposit Liability Disclosure         Not significant

VI.    Return on Equity and Assets
        A.   Return on Assets                                  4
        B.   Return on Equity                                  4
        C.   Dividend Payout Ratio                             4
        D.   Equity to Assets Ratio                            4

VII.   Short-Term Borrowings                                 47 and 48
                                                           

</TABLE>


*Unless otherwise noted


                                      12

<PAGE>   13

The following table presents the maturities and sensitivities of the 
Corporation's loans to changes in interest rates at December 31, 1995:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       DUE                DUE AFTER ONE       DUE AFTER
                                                     WITHIN                BUT WITHIN            FIVE
                                                    ONE YEAR               FIVE YEARS           YEARS
                                                    --------              -------------        ---------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                 <C>                     <C>                 <C>
Commercial, Financial, and Agricultural             $  917,385              $437,366            $ 95,299

Real Estate - Construction                             255,338                42,995              24,368
                                                    ----------              --------            --------
     Total                                          $1,172,723              $480,361            $119,667
                                                    ==========              ========            ========
Fixed Rate                                                                  $336,648            $ 83,114
                                                                            ========            ========
Variable Rate                                                               $143,713            $ 36,553
                                                                            ========            ========


</TABLE>

The following table presents maturities of certificates of deposit of
$100,000 and over and other time deposits of $100,000 and over:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                       DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                                                     ---------------------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                        <C>
Under 3 Months                                                             $298,445

3 to 6 Months                                                               227,925
                                                                           
6 to 12 Months                                                              187,753

Over 12 Months                                                              187,631
                                                                           --------
     Total                                                                 $901,754
                                                                           ========
</TABLE>



                                      13

<PAGE>   14
                ITEM 1a. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The following lists the executive officers of the Corporation. Information
regarding the executive officers, their ages, their present positions held with
the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and their principal occupations for the
last five years are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             Position of Executive Officers
     Name                    with the Corporation and UPNB               Age
     ----                    --------------------------------            ---
<S>                          <C>                                         <C>    
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.     Chairman of the Board and                   58
                             Chief Executive Officer of 
                             the Corporation;
                             Chairman of the Board and
                             Chief Executive Officer of UPNB

Jackson W. Moore             President and Chief Operating               47
                             Officer of the Corporation

Jack W. Parker               Executive Vice President and                49
                             Chief Financial Officer of the 
                             Corporation; Executive Vice 
                             President and Chief Financial 
                             Officer of UPNB

M. Kirk Walters              Senior Vice President, Treasurer,           55
                             and Chief Accounting Officer of 
                             the Corporation; Senior Vice 
                             President of UPNB

James A. Gurley              Executive Vice President of the             62
                             Corporation; Executive Vice 
                             President of UPNB 

</TABLE>



Mr. Rawlins has been Chairman of the Boards of the Corporation and UPNB since
April 1989 and January 1986, respectively. He has also served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation and UPNB since September 1984. Mr. Rawlins
was President of the Corporation from September 1984 until he was elected
Chairman.

Mr. Moore has been President of the Corporation since April 1989. In April
1994, Mr. Moore was elected Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation. He is
also Chairman of PSB Bancshares, Inc., and is a Vice President and Director of
its subsidiary, The Peoples Savings Bank (not an affiliate bank of the
Corporation), located in Clanton, Alabama. He has served on the Boards of the
Corporation and UPNB since 1986.

Mr. Parker has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the
Corporation and UPNB since March 1990. From 1987 until being elected to these
positions with the Corporation, he was an Executive Vice President of UPNB and
President of the Mortgage Banking Group of UPNB.

Mr. Walters was elected Senior Vice President of the Corporation in November
1990 and has been Chief Accounting Officer since February 1990. He has been
Treasurer of the Corporation since 1985. He was a Vice President of the
Corporation from 1975 until he was elected to his current position. Mr. Walters
has been an officer of UPNB for more than twenty years and is currently a
Senior Vice President.

Mr. Gurley was elected Executive Vice President of the Corporation in November
1990. He was a Vice President of the Corporation from 1980 until he was elected
Executive Vice President. He has been an officer of UPNB for more than twenty
years and is currently an Executive Vice President.


                              ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     The Corporation's corporate headquarters are located in the
company-owned Union Planters Administrative Center at 7130 Goodlett Farms
Parkway, Memphis, Tennessee, a two-building complex located near the center of
Shelby County. In addition to being the corporate headquarters, it contains
approximately 250,000 square feet of space and houses BankCards, Mortgage
Servicing and Origination, Funds Management, Data Processing, Operations, Human
Resources, Financial, Legal, Credit and Review, Marketing, and Alternative
Investments and Insurance Products.


                                      14

<PAGE>   15
 

     UPNB's headquarters is located in a 70,000 square-foot company-owned
building in East Memphis. In addition to its headquarters, the building also
houses UPNB's Commercial Group, Trust Group, Brokerage Services, and Retail
Group Administration.

     As of March 1, 1996, the Corporation operated 188 banking offices in
Tennessee, 116 in Mississippi, 30 in Missouri, 44 in Arkansas, 15 in Louisiana,
7 in Alabama, and 5 locations in Kentucky. The majority of these locations are
owned. The subsidiaries also operate 324 twenty-four hour automated teller
locations.

     There are no material encumbrances on any of the company-owned properties.


                           ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Corporation and/or various subsidiaries are parties to various pending
civil actions, all of which are being defended vigorously. Additionally, the
Corporation and/or its subsidiaries are parties to various legal proceedings
that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. Management is of the
opinion, based upon present information, including evaluations of outside
counsel, that neither the Corporation's financial position, results of
operations, nor liquidity will be materially affected by the ultimate
resolution of pending or threatened legal proceedings.

     Certain of the Corporation's Mississippi banks ("UPC Banks") are
defendants in various lawsuits pending in state and Federal courts in
Mississippi related to the collateral protection insurance program in effect in
the UPC Banks in the 1980s and 1990s. Three of the federal actions (filed in
late 1995) purport to have been brought as class actions and include
allegations that premiums were excessive and improperly calculated; coverages
were improper and not disclosed; and improper payments were paid to the UPC
Banks by the insurance companies, allegedly constituting violations of various
state and federal statutes and the common laws. The CPI programs appear to have
been substantially similar in many respects to CPI programs of other
Mississippi banks, often with the same insurance carriers. Consequently, there
are now approximately 13 similar putative class actions (several of which have
been assigned to the U. S. District Court for the Southern District of
Mississippi, Southern Division) pending against at least five Mississippi banks
(including those against the UPC Banks), various insurance agencies and
carriers based upon their CPI programs. The relief sought in the purported
class actions includes actual damages, treble damages under certain statutes,
other statutory damages, and unspecified punitive damages, while one of the
individual suits seeks actual damages of $5 million and another seeks $25
million in punitive damages.

     The Corporation's broker/dealer subsidiaries (now inactive) were among the
numerous defendants in various individual and class actions pending in the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana involving
the issuance and sale of eight taxable municipal bond issues. During the fourth
quarter of 1995, the court approved settlement of these actions (which
settlement was without material loss to the Corporation) and dismissed the
actions with prejudice as they related to the Corporation and its subsidiaries.

     In July 1991, UPNB was joined with nine other banks as defendants in a
civil action in the Circuit Court of Shelby County, Tennessee, which, as
ultimately amended, alleged that the banks unlawfully conspired to fix the
charges for checks drawn on insufficient funds ("NSF") and sought recovery for
fees charged for deposited third-party checks which were returned uncollected,
included claims of unfair and deceptive trade practices, breach of contract,
tortious conduct, violation of provisions of the UCC and usury, and sought
compensatory and punitive damages of $25 million against each defendant, treble
damages under the Tennessee Consumer Protection Act and certification of a
class of plaintiffs comprised of all depositors who have been charged the NSF
fees. In March 1992, the state court proceeding was dismissed and in 1993 the
Tennessee Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the proceeding. During the
fourth quarter of 1995, the Tennessee Supreme Court reversed its earlier
decision declining to review the state court action and agreed to hear the
plaintiffs' appeal. In May 1992, substantially the same group of plaintiffs
filed a civil action in the U. S. District Court for the Western District of
Tennessee against UPNB and eight other banks, alleging violations of the
Sherman Act (which prohibits price-fixing by competitors) and the Tennessee
Consumer Protection Act, requesting certification of a similarly broad class,
and sought injunctive relief and damages for more than $100 million. During
1993 and 1994, the federal court granted defendants' motions to dismiss the
claims. Plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration was unsuccessful, as were
plaintiffs' appeals to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. On January 6, 1996, the U. S. Supreme Court denied plaintiffs'
petition for review of the Sixth Circuit Court's decision, thus terminating the
federal action.

                                      15

<PAGE>   16
 

     Certain subsidiaries of the Corporation were threatened in 1989 with a
civil action by the FDIC for the estate of a closed savings association, which
action would reportedly seek compensatory damages of at least $37 million and
other relief resulting from the sale of covered call options to such
association. A tolling and forbearance agreement, entered into by all parties
to the threatened action in 1989, continues in effect. During the fourth
quarter of 1995, counsel for the FDIC indicated that the FDIC does not intend
to pursue this matter.


                                   PART II

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
           MATTERS

     The information required by Item 5 is included in Table 14 captioned
"Selected Quarterly Data" included in the Corporation's 1995 Annual Report to
Shareholders on pages 28 and 29 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The information required by Item 6 is included under the heading "Selected
Financial Data" in the Corporation's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders on page
4 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
           RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The information required by Item 7 is included under the heading
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition" in the Corporation's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders on pages 5 -
31 and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The information required by Item 8 is included in the Corporation's 1995
Annual Report to Shareholders on pages 32 - 63 and in Table 14 captioned
"Selected Quarterly Data" on pages 28 and 29 which are incorporated herein by
reference.


                                    PART III

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required by Item 10 as to the directors of the Corporation
is included under the heading "Proposal I: Election of Directors" on pages 1 -
5 and under the heading "Director Compensation" on page 5 of the definitive
proxy statement of the Corporation to be used in soliciting proxies for the
Annual Meeting of shareholders to be held on April 25, 1996 ("Proxy Statement")
which is incorporated herein by reference.

     The information concerning "Executive Officers of the Registrant" is
included in Part I (Item 1a) of this Form 10-K in accordance with Instruction 3
to paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required by Item 11 as to compensation of directors and
executive officers is included under the heading "Proposal I: Election of
Directors" on pages 1 - 5 and under the heading "Certain Information as to
Management" on pages 9 - 16 of the Proxy Statement which is incorporated herein
by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information required by Item 12 as to certain beneficial owners and
management is included under the heading "Proposal I: Election of Directors" on
pages 1 - 5 of the Proxy Statement which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required by Item 13 as to transactions and relationships
with certain directors and executive officers of the Corporation and their
associates is included under the 

                                       16

<PAGE>   17
 


heading "Certain Relationships and Transactions" on page 16 of the Proxy
Statement which is incorporated herein by reference.


                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) (1)  The following audited consolidated financial statements of
         Union  Planters Corporation and Subsidiaries, included in the
         Corporation's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders, are incorporated
         herein by reference in Item 8:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Page in
                                                                  Annual Report
                                                                  -------------
         <S>                                                           <C>
         Report of Management                                          32

         Report of Independent Accountants                             33

         Consolidated Balance Sheet -                                  34
         December 31, 1995 and 1994      

         Consolidated Statement of Earnings -                          35
         Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993                 

         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders'            36
         Equity - Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993         

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows -                        37
         Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993                     

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                    38

</TABLE>


(a) (2)  All schedules have been omitted, since the required information is
         either not applicable, not deemed material, or is included in the
         respective consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto.


(a) (3)  Exhibits:

         The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index on pages i and ii, following
         page 18 of this Form 10-K are filed herewith or are incorporated herein
         by reference.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    Date of Current Report                        Subject
    ----------------------         -------------------------------------------
       <S>                         <C>
       October 26, 1995            Press Release announcing Third Quarter 1995
                                   operating results

       November 6, 1995            Subordinated Capital Notes due 2005

       November 16, 1995           Interim Unaudited Financial Statements of
                                   Capital Bancorporation, Inc., dated as of 
                                   and for the three and nine months ended
                                   September 30, 1995 and 1994

       December 8, 1995            Proforma Financial Statements dated 
                                   September 30, 1995

       January 5, 1996             Acquisition of Capital Bancorporation, Inc.
                                   on December 31, 1995

       March 8, 1996               Union Planters Corporation and Leader 
                                   Financial Corporation enter into an 
                                   agreement and plan of merger pursuant to 
                                   which Leader will be acquired by Union 
                                   Planters Corporation

</TABLE>


                                      17

<PAGE>   18
 

                                  SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                          UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                                 (Registrant)

                  By:  /s/ Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.
             ---------------------------------------------------
             Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr., Chairman of the Board and
                           Chief Executive Officer

Date:    March 18, 1996


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 18th of March, 1996.

         

/s/ Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                    /s/ Jack W. Parker
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                        Jack W. Parker
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive          Executive Vice President and
Officer, and Director                           Chief Financial Officer


/s/ Jackson W. Moore                            /s/ M. Kirk Walters
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
Jackson W. Moore                                M. Kirk Walters
President, Chief Operating Officer,             Senior Vice President, Treasurer
and Director                                    and Chief Accounting Officer


/s/ Albert M. Austin                            /s/ Stanley D. Overton
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
Albert M. Austin                                Stanley D. Overton
Director                                        Director


                                                /s/ Dr. V. Lane Rawlins
- ---------------------------------------         -------------------------------
Marvin E. Bruce                                 Dr. V. Lane Rawlins
Director                                        Director


/s/ George W. Bryan                              
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
George W. Bryan                                 Mike P. Sturdivant
Director                                        Director


/s/ Robert B. Colbert, Jr.                      /s/ Richard A. Trippeer, Jr.
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
Robert B. Colbert, Jr.                          Richard A. Trippeer, Jr.
Director                                        Director


/s/ C. J. Lowrance III                          /s/ Milton J. Womack
- ---------------------------------------         --------------------------------
C. J. Lowrance III                              Milton J. Womack
Director                                        Director


                                      18

<PAGE>   19
                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


3(a)     Restated Charter of Incorporation, as amended July 21, 1995, of Union
         Planters Corporation (filed herewith)

3(b)     Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended February 28, 1995, of Union
         Planters Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to the
         Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1994)

4(a)     Rights Agreement, dated January 19, 1989 between Union Planters
         Corporation and Union Planters National Bank, including Form of Rights
         Certificate (Exhibit A), and a Form Summary of Rights (Exhibit B)
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Union Planters Corporation's
         Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated as of January 19, 1989 on Form
         8-K filed February 1, 1989, Commission File No. 0-6919)

4(b)     Indenture dated as of April 1, 1989, between Union Planters Corporation
         and LaSalle National Bank for $34,500,000 of 10 1/8% Subordinated 
         Capital Debentures due 1999*

4(c)     Indenture dated as of October 1, 1992 between Union Planters 
         Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago (Trustee) for 
         $40,250,000 of 8 1/2% Subordinated Notes due 2002***

4(d)     Subordinated Indenture dated as of October 15, 1993 between the
         Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago as Trustee****

4(e)     Form of Subordinated Debt Security (6.25% Subordinated Notes due 
         2003)******

4(f)     Form of Subordinated Debt Security (6 3/4% Subordinated Notes due 
         2005)*******

10(a)    Employment Agreement between Union Planters Corporation and Benjamin W.
         Rawlins, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Annual
         Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10(b)    Employment Agreement between Union Planters Corporation and Jackson W.
         Moore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Annual 
         Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 1992)

10(c)    Deferred Compensation Agreements between Union Planters Corporation and
         certain highly compensated officers (incorporated by reference to 
         Exhibit 10(g) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated December 31, 
         1989, filed on March 26, 1990, Commission File No. 0-6919)

10(d)    Union Planters Corporation 1983 Stock Incentive Plan**

10(e)    (1) Amended Union Planters Corporation 1983 Stock Incentive 
         Plan*****

10(f)    Union Planters Corporation 1992 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
         December 31, 1993 filed on March 28, 1994, Commission File No. 1-10160)

10(g)    Deferred Compensation Agreements between Union Planters Corporation and
         Union Planters National Bank and certain outside directors 
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to the Annual Report on 
         Form 10-K dated December 31, 1989 filed on March 26, 1990, Commission 
         File No. 0-6919)

10(h)    Executive Deferred Compensation Agreement between Union Planters
         Corporation and certain highly compensated officers (incorporated by
         reference to Exhibit 10(n) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
         December 31, 1989 filed on March 26, 1990, Commission File No. 0-6919)

10(i)    Union Planters Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for
         Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the
         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 31, 1995)

10(j)    Union Planters Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan for
         Executives dated February 23, 1996 (filed herewith)



                                      i
<PAGE>   20
                          EXHIBIT INDEX (continued)


10(k)    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 8, 1996, by and between
         Union Planters Corporation and Leader Financial Corporation 
         (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Union Planters 
         Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8, 1996, filed 
         on March 12, 1996)

10(l)    Stock Option Agreement, dated March 9, 1996, issued by Leader Financial
         Corporation to Union Planters Corporation (incorporated by reference to
         Exhibit 2.2 to Union Planters Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K
         dated March 8, 1996, filed on March 12, 1996)
       
11       Computation of Per Share Earnings (filed herewith)

13       1995 Annual Report to Security Holders (filed herewith)

21       Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith)

23       Consent of Price Waterhouse LLP (filed herewith)

27       Financial Data Schedule (for SEC use only) (filed herewith)


      *    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-27784, filed March 31, 1989

     **    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-35928, filed July 23, 1990

    ***    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 filed as part of Registration
           Statement No. 33-52434, filed October 19, 1992

   ****    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-50655, filed October 21, 1993

  *****    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit No. 4 filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-23306, filed April 15, 1988

 ******    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-50655, filed October 21, 1993

*******    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) filed as part of 
           Registration Statement No. 33-63791, filed October 27, 1995






                                       ii






 





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED CHARTER
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   Exhibit 3(a)
                              RESTATED CHARTER

                                     OF

                         UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION

                          -------------------------


FIRST:  CORPORATE NAME:

         The name of the Corporation is:

                   * * * UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION * * *

         (hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Corporation").

SECOND:  DURATION:

         The duration of the Corporation is perpetual.

THIRD:   PRINCIPAL OFFICE:

         The address of the principal office of the Corporation in the State of
Tennessee shall be 7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway, in the City of Cordova, County
of Shelby.  The registered agent is George V. Kinney, Cashier, 7130 Goodlett
Farms Parkway, Cordova, Shelby County, Tennessee 38018.

FOURTH:  TYPE OF CORPORATION:

         The corporation is for profit.

FIFTH:   CORPORATE PURPOSES:

         Subject to any limitations which may be imposed upon its activities by
applicable law, the Corporation is formed to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which corporations may be organized under the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act.  Specifically, but not by way of limitation, the Corporation
is formed for the following purposes:

         (a)  To acquire by purchase; by subscription; by exchange; in exchange
for its Common Stock, Preferred Stock, bonds, debentures or other obligations;
or to acquire in any other manner; or to organize de novo; and to take,
receive, hold, own, sell, assign, transfer, exchange, pledge, hypothecate,
dispose of or otherwise deal with any interest in any business whether or not
represented by shares of stock, shares, bonds, debentures, notes, participation
certificates, warrants, rights, options, and without limitation any securities
or instruments evidencing rights or options to receive, purchase or subscribe
for any interest in any business (wherever located or organized) or any
securities, whether issued by or created by any person, firm, association,
corporation, national banking association, state-chartered bank, trust company,
savings bank, business trust, syndicate, limited partnership, organization, or
by any other entity; and to possess and exercise in respect thereof any and all
of the rights, powers and privileges of owners or holders who are natural
persons including, without limitation, the exercise of any voting rights
pertaining thereto;

         (b)  To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, tangible or
intangible, whether real, personal or mixed and wherever located and to
receive, hold, manage, use, dispose of and otherwise exercise all rights,
powers and privileges of ownership thereof;

         (c)  To promote, finance, advise, counsel and assist in any way, any
person or any business entity in which the Corporation shall have any interest
of any kind;

         (d)  To do all things necessary or desirable to enhance the value of
or to protect or preserve the interest of the Corporation in any business
entity, securities or other property of any type which it may own or in which
it may have any interest of any kind; and

         (e)  To render assistance, counsel and advice to any person or entity
and to serve or represent the same in any capacity whatsoever, whether or not
the Corporation shall have any ownership interest in such person or entity.

SIXTH:   CAPITAL STOCK:

         The total number of shares of all classes of stock to which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is hundred and ten million
(110,000,000) shares, which shall be divided into two classes as follows:  ten
million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock without par value (Preferred
Stock) and one hundred million (100,000,000) shares of Common Stock of the par
value of $5.00 per share (Common Stock).  The designations, voting powers,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and
qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the above classes of stock and
other general provisions relating thereto shall be as follows:

PREFERRED STOCK

         (a)  Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued in one or more series at
such time or times and for such consideration or considerations as the Board of
Directors may determine.  All shares of any one series shall be of equal rank
and identical in all respects except the dates from which dividends accrue or
accumulate with respect thereto may vary.

         (b)  The Board of Directors is expressly authorized at any time, and
from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in
one or more series, with such voting powers, full or limited, but not to exceed
one vote per share, or without voting powers and with such designations,
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and
expressed in the resolution or





                Page 1 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   2

resolutions providing for the issuance thereof adopted by the Board of
Directors, and as are not stated and expressed in this Charter, or any
Amendment thereto, including, (but without limiting the generality of the
foregoing) the following:

                 (1)  The distinctive designation and number of shares
comprising such series, which number may (except where otherwise provided by
the Board of Directors in creating such series) be increased or decreased (but
not below the number of shares then outstanding) from time to time by action of
the Board of Directors;

                 (2)  The dividend rate or rates on the shares of such series
and the relation which such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on
any other class or classes of capital stock; the terms and conditions upon
which and the periods in respect of which dividends shall be payable; whether
and upon what conditions such dividends shall be cumulative, non-cumulative or
partially cumulative and, if cumulative or partially cumulative, the date or
dates from which dividends shall accumulate;

                 (3)  Whether the shares of such series shall be callable or
redeemable, the limitations and restrictions with respect to such call or
redemption, the time or times when, the price or prices at which, and the
manner in which such shares shall be callable or redeemable, including the
manner of selecting shares of such series for call or redemption if less than
all shares are to be called or redeemed;

                 (4)  The amount payable upon shares of such series upon the
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or
winding up of the Corporation;

                 (5)  Whether the shares of such series shall be subject to the
operation of a purchase, retirement or sinking fund, and, if so, whether and
upon what conditions such purchase, retirement sinking fund shall be
cumulative, partially cumulative or non-cumulative, the extent to which and the
manner in which such fund shall be applied to the purchase, call or redemption
of the shares or such series for retirement or to other corporate purposes and
the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;

                 (6)  Whether the shares of such series shall be convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or classes or of any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock of the Corporation, and, if so
convertible or exchangeable, the price or prices or the rate or rates of
conversion or exchange, and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any
other terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange, provided, however,
that no shares of any such series shall be convertible into shares of any other
class or series having prior or superior rights and preferences as to dividends
or distributions of assets upon liquidation, and provided further that shares
without par value shall not be convertible into shares with par value unless
that part of the stated capital of the Corporation represented by such shares
without par value is, at the time of conversion, at least equal to the
aggregate par value of the shares into which the shares without par value are
to be converted;

                 (7)  The voting powers, full and/or limited, if any, of the
shares of such series; and whether and under what conditions the shares of such
series (alone or together with the shares of one or more other series having
similar provisions) shall be entitled to vote separately as a single class, for
the election of one or more additional directors of the Corporation in case of
dividend arrearage or other specified events, or upon other specified matters;

                 (8)  Whether the issuance of any additional shares of such
series, or of any shares of any other series, shall be subject to restrictions
as to issuance, or as to the powers, preferences or rights of any such other
series; and

                 (9)  Any other preferences, privileges and powers, and
relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such series, as the Board of Directors may deem
advisable and as shall be consistent with the provisions of the laws of the
State of Tennessee and of this Charter.

         (c)  No dividends shall be paid or declared or set apart on any
particular series of Preferred Stock in respect of any period unless
accumulated dividends shall be or shall have been paid, or declared and set
apart for payment, pro rata on all shares of Preferred Stock at the time
outstanding of each other series, so that the amount of dividends declared on
such particular series shall bear the same ratio to the amount declared on each
such other series as the dividend rate of such particular series shall bear to
the dividend rate of such other series.

         (d)  Unless and except to the extent otherwise required by law or
provided in the resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors creating
any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to this ARTICLE SIXTH, the holders of
the Preferred Stock shall have no voting power with respect to any matter
whatsoever.

         (e)  Shares of Preferred Stock called, redeemed, converted, exchanged,
purchased, retired or surrendered to the Corporation, or which have been issued
and reacquired in any manner, shall, upon compliance with any applicable
provisions of the Tennessee Business Corporation Act, have the status of
authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued by the
Board of Directors as part of the series of which they were originally a part
or may be reclassified into and reissued as part of a new series or as a part
of any other series, all subject to the protective conditions or restrictions
of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock.

SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK

         (f)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors in
accordance with the provisions of this ARTICLE SIXTH of the Charter, the Board
of Directors does hereby create, authorize and provide for the issuance of
Series A Preferred Stock out of the class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the voting powers,
designation, relative, participating, optional and other special rights,
preferences, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof that are
set forth as follows:

                 (1)  Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series shall
be designated as Series A Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock") and the
number of shares constituting such series shall be 250,000.  Such number of
shares may be adjusted by appropriate action of the Board of Directors.

                 (2)  Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)  Subject to the prior and superior rights of the
holders of any shares of any other series of Preferred Stock or any other
shares of preferred stock of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, each holder of
one one-hundredth (1/100) of a share (a "Unit") of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, (i) dividends
payable in cash on the 1st day of January, April, July and October in each year
(each such date being a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of such Unit of
Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount per Unit (rounded




                Page 2 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
                         
<PAGE>   3

to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (x) $.01 or (y) subject to the
provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, the aggregate per share amount
of all cash dividends declared on shares of the common stock of the
Corporation, par value $5.00 per share, (the "Common Stock") since the
immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the
first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of a Unit of
Series A Preferred Stock, and (ii) subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, quarterly distributions (payable in kind) on each
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date in an amount per Unit equal to the aggregate
per share amount of all non-cash dividends or other distributions (other than a
dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding
share of Common Stock, by reclassification or otherwise) declared on shares of
Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date,
or with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first
issuance of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock.  In the event that the
Corporation shall at any time after January 19, 1989 (the "Rights Declaration
Date") (i) declare or pay any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of
Common Stock or (iii) combine outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which the holder of a
Unit of Series A Preferred Stock was entitled immediately prior to such event
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount
of a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding
immediately prior to such event.

                          (b)  The Corporation shall declare a dividend or
distribution on Units of Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (a)
above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the shares of
Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock);
provided, however that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have
been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend payment Date,
a dividend of $.01 per Unit on the Series A Preferred Stock shall nevertheless
be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                          (c)  Dividends shall begin to accrue and shall be
cumulative on each outstanding Unit of Series A Preferred Stock from the
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issuance of such
Unit of Series A Preferred Stock, unless the date of issuance of such Unit is
prior to the record date for the First Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in
which case, dividends on such Unit shall begin to accrue from the date of
issuance of such Unit, or unless the date of issuance is a Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of
holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly
dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which
events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear
interest.  Dividends paid on Units of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount
less than the aggregate amount of all such dividends at the time accrued and
payable on such Units shall be allocated pro rata on a unit-by-unit basis
amount all Units of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding.  The
Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of
Units of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or
distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than 30 days
prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

                 (3)  Voting Rights.  The holders of Units of Series A
Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights.

                          (a)  Subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, each Unit of Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the
holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the
shareholders of the Corporation.  In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding
shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide
outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number
of votes per Unit to which holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock were
entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such
number by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of
which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding
immediately prior to such event.

                          (b)  Except as otherwise provided herein or by law,
the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of
Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a
vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

                          (c)     Except as set forth herein or required by
law, holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting
rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are
entitled to vote with holders of shares of Common Stock as set forth herein)
for the taking of any corporate action.

                 (4)  Certain Restrictions.

                          (a)     Whenever quarterly dividends or other
dividends or distributions payable on Units of Series A Preferred Stock as
provided in paragraph 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and
unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on outstanding
Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have been paid (or set aside for
payment) in full, the Corporation shall not:

                                  (i)  declare or pay dividends on, make any
other distributions or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any shares of stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred
Stock;

                                  (ii)     declare or pay dividends on or make
any other distributions on any shares of stock ranking on a parity as to
dividends with the Series A Preferred Stock, except for dividends paid ratably
on Units of Series A Preferred Stock and shares of all such parity stock on
which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to
which the holders of such Units and all such shares are then entitled;

                                  (iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire
for consideration shares of any stock ranking on a parity (either as to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A
Preferred Stock, provided, however, that the Corporation may at any time
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in
exchange for shares of any stock ranking junior (both as to dividends and upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock; or

                                  (iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for
consideration any Units of Series A Preferred Stock, except in accordance with
a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board
of Directors) to all holders of such Units.

                          (b)  The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary
of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any
shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under
paragraph (a) of this paragraph 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at
such time and in such manner.

                 (5)  Reacquired Shares.  Any Units of Series A Preferred Stock
purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever
shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof.  All such
Units shall, upon their cancellation, become authorized but unissued Units of
Preferred



                Page 3 of Union Planters Corporation Charter

<PAGE>   4

Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be
created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the
conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

                 (6)      Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

                          (a)  Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, no distribution shall be made (i)
to the holders of shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock
unless the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall have received,
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided in paragraph (b), the greater of
either (y) $90.00 per Unit plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends
and distributions thereon, whether or not earned or declared, to the date of
such payment, or (z) the amount equal to the aggregate per share amount to be
distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (ii) to the holders of
shares of stock ranking on a parity upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up
with the Series A Preferred Stock, unless simultaneously therewith
distributions are made ratably on Units of Series A Preferred Stock and all
other shares of such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which
the holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled under Clause
(i)(y) of this sentence and to which the holders of such shares of such parity
stock are entitled, in each case upon such liquidation dissolution or winding
up.

                          (b)  in the event the Corporation shall at any time
after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding
shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide
outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding shares of
Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the
aggregate amount to which holders of Units of Series A Preferred Stock were
entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to clause (i)(z) of paragraph
(1) of this paragraph 6 shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

                 (7)  Share Exchange, Merger, Etc.  In case the Corporation
shall enter into any share exchange, merger, combination or other transaction
in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or converted into other
stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case
Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged
for or converted into an amount per Unit (subject to the provision for
adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to the aggregate amount of stock,
securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may
be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is converted or
exchanged.  In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights
Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, or (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of
Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or conversion of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which
shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately
prior to such event.

                 (8)  Redemption.  The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall
not be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or any holder thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Units of Series A Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law
and the Charter or Bylaws of the Corporation.

                 (9)  Ranking.  The Units of Series A Preferred Stock shall
rank junior to all other series of the Preferred Stock and to any other class
of preferred stock that hereafter may be issued by the Corporation as to the
payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any
such series or class shall provide otherwise.

                 (10)  Amendment.  The Charter, including without limitation
the provisions hereof, shall not hereafter be amended, either directly or
indirectly, or through merger or share exchange with another corporation, in
any manner that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect the holders thereof adversely
without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the
outstanding Units of Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class.

                 (11)  Fractional Shares.  The Series A Preferred Stock may be
issued in Units or other fractions of a share, which Units or fractions shall
entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to
exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to
have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred Stock.

SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

         (g)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors in
accordance with the provisions of this Article VI of the Charter, the Board of
Directors of Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value
(the "Preferred Stock"), having the voting powers, designations, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof that are set forth as follows:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as Series B $8.00 Nonredeemable Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock") and the number of shares
constituting such series shall be 44,000.  Such number of shares may be
adjusted by appropriate action of this Board of Directors.

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)     Subject to the prior and superior rights of
the holders of any shares of any other series of Preferred Stock of the
Corporation ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock,
in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock"), and any other capital stock of the
Corporation ("Capital Stock") ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as
to the payment of dividends, shall be entitled to receive as and if declared by
the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose,
cumulative cash dividends at, but not exceeding, $8.00 per share per annum and
no more.

                          (b)     Dividends upon shares of Series B Preferred
Stock shall be cumulative so that if in respect of any past quarterly dividend
period or periods, full dividends accrued on the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall not have been paid, the aggregate deficiency shall be
fully paid or declared or set aside for payment before (i) any dividend shall
be declared and paid or set aside for payment on UPC Common Stock, or any other
Capital Stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to the payment
of dividends, (ii) any other distribution of assets shall be made with respect
to UPC Common Stock or any other Capital Stock ranking junior to the Series B
Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends, and (iii) the redemption or
purchase of any shares of




                Page 4 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   5

Series B Preferred Stock, UPC Common Stock, or any other Capital Stock ranking
on a parity with or junior to the Series B Preferred Stock as to the payment of
dividends by the Corporation.

                          (c)     Cash dividends on the Series B Preferred
Stock shall commence to accrue and shall be cumulative from the Effective Date
of the Merger between Union Planters - Steiner Acquisition Company and Steiner
Holdings pursuant to that Merger Agreement dated June 9, 1989 between UPC,
Subsidiary, Steiner Bank, Arnold Steiner and Mary Steiner (the "Merger
Agreement"); and, otherwise, from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date on which
cash dividends were paid on Series B Preferred Stock (in respect of a dividend
on Series B Preferred Stock) next preceding the date of issuance of such shares
of Series B Preferred Stock.

                          (d)     Cash dividends on shares of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be payable quarterly on the third Friday of February,
May, August and November (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date") and will have
the same record date for the payment of dividends as the record date for
payment of dividends on UPC Common Stock, and, if there is no record date for
the payment of dividends on UPC Common Stock, then the record date for the
payment of dividends of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be that date which
is 15 days prior to a given Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  No holders of Series B
Preferred Stock shall be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe for
any part of the unissued Series B Preferred Stock, UPC Common Stock, or Capital
Stock, or to purchase or subscribe for any bonds, certificates of indebtedness,
debentures, or other securities convertible into or carrying options, warrants
or rights to purchase stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to
purchase or subscribe for any stock or any securities of the Corporation
purchased by the Corporation or by its nominee or nominees, or to have any
other preemptive rights now or hereafter defined by the laws of the State of
Tennessee; provided, however, that this section shall not be deemed to prohibit
the exercise by the holders of UPC Series B Preferred Stock of Rights issued
pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights Agreement.

                 4.       Liquidation.  (a)  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts, but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock, or any
other Capital Stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series B Preferred
Stock as to liquidation, out of assets of the Corporation available for
distributions to its stockholders, $100 per share, plus, in each case, accrued
and unpaid dividends thereon to the date of payment thereof.  After such
payment has been made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of
Series B Preferred Stock (or funds necessary for the payment have been set
aside in trust for the account of such holders so as to be and continue to be
available therefor), the holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to no further distribution, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall
be divided and distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to
any prior rights of any holders of any other Capital Stock of the Corporation
entitled to participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of
assets) then outstanding according to their respective shares.  If on
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the net assets of the Corporation
available for distribution among the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are
insufficient to permit full payment to them, the entire net assets of the
Corporation so available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among
the holders of Series B Preferred Stock and the holders of any other Capital
Stock ranking on a parity with the Series B Preferred Stock as to liquidation
and distribution of assets.  Nothing herein contained shall be construed to
prohibit the retirement of Series B Preferred Stock by purchase, and neither
the purchase of Series B Preferred Stock, the consolidation or merger of the
Corporation, nor the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Corporation as an entirety shall be deemed a "liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the Corporation" within the meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right to Vote.  Except to the extent that the power
or right to vote is granted or required pursuant to the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, as amended from time to time, the Series B Preferred Stock
shall have no power or right to vote.

                 6.       Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock.  The holders
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall have the right, at their option,
any time after that date which is five (5) years after the Effective Date of
the Merger, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)     Except as provided in subsection (c) of this
Section 6, each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible into
that number of shares of UPC Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the
product of the multiplication of the number of Series B Preferred Shares issued
in the Merger by $100, by (ii) $12.95, then dividing that number by the number
of Series B Preferred Shares issued in the Merger (the "Conversion Ratio").

                          (b)     Except as provided in subsection (c) of this
Section 6, the estate of Arnold Steiner and the trustees of the trusts which
receive assets of the Estate of Bernard S. Steiner, Jr. pursuant to the
provisions of the last will and testament of Bernard S. Steiner, Jr., and which
shall have received Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Merger and such
last will and testament, shall have the right to convert the shares of Series B
Preferred Stock they own in accordance with the Conversion Ratio within five
(5) years from the Effective Date of the Merger, (i) as to the estate of Arnold
Steiner, upon the death of Arnold Steiner, and as to each such trust, upon the
death(s) of the oldest permissible income beneficiary of that particular trust;
(ii) should there be a change in control (as defined in Section 2(a) of the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, 12 U.S.C. Section 1841(a) of UPC;
and (iii) should UPC issue any other preferred stock having priority as to the
payment of dividends or as to liquidation preference over that of the Series B
Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     If any Series B Preferred Stock shall be
converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock into which
such Series B Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or attributable
thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights Agreement, the
surrender of such Series B Preferred Stock shall effectively cancel all Rights
attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series B Preferred Stock so
converted.

                          (d)     If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation shall (i) declare and pay, on or in respect of, UPC Common Stock
any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock by combining such shares into
a smaller number of shares, or subdivide the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock,
the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (e)     If the Corporation consolidates with or
merges into any corporation or reclassifies outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares) each
share of Series B Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series B Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series B Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification; and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.





                Page 5 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   6

                          (f)     Whenever the Conversion Ratio is required to
be adjusted, as herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the
transfer agent for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each
holder of record of Series B Preferred Stock a statement signed by the
President or a Vice President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth
the adjusted Conversion Ratio, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustment.

                          (g)     On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of Series B
Preferred Stock or the certificates of Series B Preferred Stock so to be
converted, duly endorsed for transfer, the holder of such Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled, subject to the limitations herein contained, to
receive in exchange therefor a certificate or certificates for fully paid and
nonassessable shares, and cash for fractional shares of UPC Common Stock or
other securities pursuant to subsection (e) above, on the basis aforesaid.  The
Series B Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been converted and the person
converting the same to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock,
for the purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatever as
of the date when the certificate or certificates for such Series B Preferred
Stock are surrendered to the Corporation as aforesaid.  The Corporation shall
not be required to make any such conversion, and no surrender of the Series B
Preferred Stock shall be effective for such purposes, while the books for the
transfer of either class of stock are closed for any purpose, but the surrender
of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock for conversion during any period
while such books are closed shall become effective for all purposes of
conversion immediately upon the reopening of such books, as if the conversion
had been made on the date such shares of Series B Preferred Stock were
surrendered.

                          (h)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series B Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion or issuance of UPC Common Stock
shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax, or has established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer agent, if any, that such tax
has been paid or is not required.  Upon any conversion of Series B Preferred
Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or allowance shall be made for
dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock so converted, and all rights to
dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed satisfied; however, except as
provided in the next sentence hereof, nothing in this section shall be deemed
to relieve the Corporation from its obligation to pay any dividends which shall
have been declared and shall be payable to holders of Series B Preferred Stock
of record as of a date prior to such conversion even though the payment date
for such dividend is subsequent to the date of conversion.

                 7.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding, reserve
and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock, solely
for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock,
such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time, be
sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series B Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series B
Preferred Stock as herein provided.

                 8.       Definitions.  For purposes hereof:

                          (a)  The term "outstanding", when used in reference
to shares of stock, shall mean issued shares, excluding shares held by the
Corporation or a subsidiary thereof, and shares called for redemption, funds
for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by the Corporation or
deposited in trust;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series B Preferred Stock as of any quarterly dividend date shall be
deemed to be the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and
including such quarterly dividend date, whether or not earned or declared, and
the amount of dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series B Preferred Stock as
at any date other than a quarterly dividend date shall be deemed to be (i) the
amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last
preceding quarterly dividend date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii)
an amount calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the
shares of Series B Preferred Stock (8%) for the period after such last
preceding quarterly dividend date to and including the date as of which the
calculation is made, based on a 360-day year or 12 consecutive 30-day months.

                 9.       Redemption.  The shares of Series B Preferred Stock
shall not be redeemable at the option of the Corporation or any holder thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Series B Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law and its
Charter or Bylaws.

                 10.      Ranking.  The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank
superior to that of the Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock as well as to
all other series of the Corporation's preferred stock, unless the designation
of rights and preferences for any other series of the Corporation's preferred
stock expressly provides otherwise.

                 11.      Amendment.  The Charter, including without
limitations the provisions hereof, shall not hereafter be amended, either
directly or indirectly, or through merger or share exchange with another
corporation, in any manner that would alter or change the powers, preferences
or special rights of the Series B Preferred Stock so as to affect the holders
thereof adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or
more of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, voting separately
as a class; provided, however, that this paragraph shall have no affect on the
ability of the Corporation to amend the Rights Agreement or redeem the UPC
Preferred Share Purchase Rights in accordance therewith.

                 12.      Fractional Shares.  The Series B Preferred Shares may
be issued in units or other fractions of a share, which units or fractions
shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder's fractional shares, to
exercise such rights, receive dividends, and participate in all distributions
and derive the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series B Preferred
Stock.

SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK
                                

         (h)     Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of the Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of no par value
preferred stock (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as 10 3/8% Increasing Rate, Redeemable, Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series C (the "Series C Preferred Stock") and the number of
shares of Preferred Stock constituting such Series C Preferred Stock shall be
690,000.  Such number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be adjusted
hereafter by appropriate action of the Board of Directors.  The Series C
Preferred Stock shall have a stated value (the "Stated Value") of $25.00 per
share.




         
                Page 6 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   7

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.

                          (a)  The holders of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be entitled to receive when and as
declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the
purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly at the rate per share set
forth in paragraph 2(c) below, on the fifteenth day (or, if such fifteenth day
is not a Business Day, on the next Business Day) of February, May, August and
November in each year (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), in respect of the
Quarterly Dividend Period next preceding such fifteenth day, and no other
dividend or dividends.  Such dividends shall be payable to holders of the
Series C Preferred Stock on such date as is not more than 30 nor less than 10
days prior to the particular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  As used herein,
a "Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of three months ending on the last
day of January, April, July or October.  Subject to the provisions of paragraph
(c) of Section Sixth of the Charter, dividends on account of arrears for any
past Quarterly Dividend Period(s) may be declared and paid at any time, without
reference to any regular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date to holders of record
on such date not exceeding 30 or less than 10 days preceding the payment date
thereof as may be fixed by the Board of Directors.  The amount of dividend per
share payable for any Quarterly Dividend Period less than a full Quarterly
Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed in the period for which
payable.

                          (b)  Preferred dividends upon shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from (but not
including) the day upon which the initial issuance of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock occurs.

                          (c)     For each Quarterly Dividend Period ending on
or before October 31, 1994, preferred dividends payable with respect to each
such Quarterly Dividend Period shall be $0.648438 per share.  For each
Quarterly Dividend Period ending after November 1, 1994 and on or before
October 31, 1995, preferred dividends payable with respect to each such
Quarterly Dividend Period shall be $0.679688 per share.  For each Quarterly
Dividend Period ending after November 1, 1995, and on or before October 31,
1996, preferred dividends payable with respect to each such Quarterly Dividend
Period shall be $0.710938 per share.  For each Quarterly Dividend Period ending
after November 1, 1996, preferred dividends payable with respect to such
Quarterly Dividend Periods shall be $0.742188 per share.  No interest, or sum
of money in lieu of interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend
payment or payments which may be in arrears.

                          (d)  For purposes hereof, "Business Day" shall mean
any day upon which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking business.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  Holders of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe
for any part of the unissued Series C Preferred Stock, any UPC Common Stock, or
any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities
convertible into or carrying options, warrants or rights to purchase any stock
or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the Corporation or by
its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive rights now or
hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts, but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series C Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $25.00 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
initial issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for the payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and continue to be available therefor), the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any prior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series C Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series C Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the
respective amounts which would be payable on such shares of Series C Preferred
Stock and on any such other Preferred Stock if all amounts payable thereon were
paid in full.  Neither the consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or
into any other corporation or corporations, nor a reorganization of the
Corporation alone, nor the sale or transfer by the Corporation of all or
substantially all of its assets shall be deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation" within the meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right to Vote.

                          (a)     Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series C Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights.

                          (b)     So long as any shares of the Series C
Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least
two-thirds (2/3ds) of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding at the
time (voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred
Stock of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series C Preferred Stock
either as to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up and upon which like voting rights have
been conferred and are exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in
writing or at any special or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be
necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following:

                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock having rights,
preferences or privileges prior to the Series C Preferred Stock, or any
increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or series having
rights, preferences or privileges prior to the Series C Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)     the amendment, alteration or repeal,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the
Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any right,
preference, privilege or voting power of the Series C Preferred Stock or of the
holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series C Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to materially and
adversely affect such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers.



         

                Page 7 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   8

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected, all outstanding shares of Series
C Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and funds
shall have been deposited in trust in an amount sufficient to effect such
redemption.

                 6.       Redemption.

                          (a)  The shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors and with the prior written consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after October 31, 1994 at $25.00 per share, plus
all dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series C Preferred Stock from (but not
including) the day of issuance up to the day fixed for redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the Corporation may
acquire Series C Preferred Stock in any other manner permitted by law and its
Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)  In the event that less than the entire amount of
the Series C Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.  Notice of any redemption
shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 30
nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, to each holder of record of
the shares selected for redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the
same shall appear on the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice
shall state: (1) the redemption date; (2) the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such
holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such
holder; (3) the redemption price and the manner in which the redemption price
is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or places where certificates for
such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (5)
that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such
redemption date.  No failure to mail such notice or any defect therein or in
the mailing thereof shall affect the validity of the proceedings for
redemption.  Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the holder
receives the notice.  Upon such redemption date, or upon such earlier date as
the Board of Directors shall designate for payment of the redemption price
(unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of the redemption price as
set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
selected for redemption and to whom notice has been duly given shall cease to
be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series C Preferred Stock and
shall have no interest in or claim against the Corporation by virtue thereof
and shall have no dividend, voting or other rights with respect to such shares
except the right to receive the moneys payable upon such redemption from the
Corporation or otherwise, without interest thereon, upon surrender (and
endorsement, if required by the Corporation) of the certificates, and the
shares evidenced and represented thereby shall no longer be deemed to be
outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide funds for redemption
shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the redemption date, the Corporation
shall deposit with a bank or trust company (which may be an affiliate of the
Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis, Tennessee and having a
capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any other such bank or
trust company located in the continental United States as may be designated
from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for such redemption, in
trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be applied to the
redemption of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption.
Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the Corporation from time
to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end of six years from
such redemption date shall be repaid or released to the Corporation, after
which the holder or holders of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock so
called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the
redemption price.  Upon redemption of Series C Preferred Stock in the manner
set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series C Preferred Stock by the
Corporation, the Series C Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation shall
be retired and canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized but
unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and may
thereafter be issued, but not as shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.

                          (a)  Any class or series of stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "prior to" the Series C Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series C
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series C
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series C Preferred Stock.

                          (b)     The Series C Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with both the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock and the Series A
Preferred Stock, if and when such Series A Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issue of debt obligations, whether or not
subordinated, without the approval of the shareholders.

                 9.       Conversion or Exchange.  The holders of the Series C
Preferred Stock shall not have any rights herein to convert such shares into,
or exchange such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt
security) of the Corporation.

SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

         (i)  Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of its Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
having no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as the: 9.5% REDEEMABLE, CUMULATIVE, CONVERTIBLE, PREFERRED
STOCK, SERIES D (the "Series D Preferred Stock") and the number of shares of
Preferred Stock constituting such Series D Preferred Stock shall be 253,659.
Such number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock may be adjusted hereafter by
appropriate action of the Board of Directors.  The Series D Preferred Stock
shall have a stated value of $20.50 per share (the "Stated Value").

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.  (a)  The holders of
shares of Series D Preferred Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00
par value common stock of the Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be
entitled to receive when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of
funds




                Page 8 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   9

legally available for the purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly
at the annual rate of 9.5% of the Stated Value thereof on the fifteenth day
(or, if such fifteenth day should not be a Business Day, on the next Business
Day) of February, May, August and November in each year (a "Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date"), in respect of the Quarterly Dividend Period next preceding such
fifteenth day, and no other dividend or dividends.  Such dividends shall be
payable to holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock on such date as
may be fixed by the Board of Directors which date shall not be more than 30 nor
less than 10 days prior to the applicable Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  As
used herein, a "Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of three calendar
months ending on the last day of January, April, July and October.  Subject to
the provisions of paragraph (c) of Article Sixth of the Charter, dividends on
account of arrears for any past Quarterly Dividend Period(s) may be declared
and paid at any time designated by the Board of Directors, without reference to
any regular Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date
as may be fixed by the Board of Directors, which date shall not be more than 30
nor less than 10 days preceding the designated payment date.  The amount of
dividend per share payable for any Quarterly Dividend Period less than a full
Quarterly Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of
twelve 30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed in the period with
respect to which it is payable.

                          (b)  Preferred dividends upon shares of Series D
Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from the day upon
which the original issuance of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall occur
which shall be deemed to be the effective date of the merger of Southeastern
Bancshares, Inc. with and into Union Planters - SBI Acquisition Company, both
of which are Tennessee corporations.

                          (c)     No interest, or sum of money in lieu of
interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which
may be in arrears.

                          (d)  For purposes hereof, a "Business Day" shall mean
any day on which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking businesses.

                 3.       No Preemptive Rights.  The holders of shares of
Series D Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or
subscribe for any part of the unissued Series D Preferred Stock, any UPC Common
Stock, or any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or
subscribe for any bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other
securities convertible into, or carrying options, warrants or rights to
purchase, any stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or
subscribe for any stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the
Corporation or by its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive
rights now or hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series D Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $20.50 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
original issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for such payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and to continue to be available therefor),
the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any senior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series D Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series D Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series D Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the
Series D Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts
which would be payable on such shares of Series D Preferred Stock and on any
such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred
Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  Neither the
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation
or corporations, nor a reorganization of the Corporation alone, nor the sale or
transfer by the Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets shall be
deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation" within the
meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right of Holders of Series D Shares to Vote.

                          (a)  Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series D Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights except for those which may be required by the laws of the
State of Tennessee.

                          (b)     So long as any shares of Series D Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least two-thirds
(2/3ds) of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
(voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series D Preferred Stock either
as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any special
or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect
or validate any one or more of the following actions:

                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series D Preferred
Stock, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or
series having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series D
Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)      the amendment, alteration or
repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions
of the Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any
right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series D Preferred Stock or
of the holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with, or junior to the Series D Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to "materially and
adversely affect" such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the
Series D Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected (i) all outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and
(ii) funds shall have been deposited in trust in an amount sufficient to effect
such redemption as provided herein.

                 6.       Redemption.




                Page 9 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   10

                          (a)  The shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors but only with the prior consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after the third anniversary of the Effective Time
of the Merger of SBI with and into Union Planters - SBI Acquisition Company at
Twenty and 50/100 Dollars ($20.50) per share (the "Redemption Price"), plus all
dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series D Preferred Stock from (but not
including) the day of original issuance up to the Redemption Date (as defined
below).  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of this Section, the
Corporation may acquire Series D Preferred Stock in any other lawful manner
permitted by its Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)  In the event that less than the entire amount of
Series D Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.

                          (c)  Notice of any redemption, whether whole or
partial, shall be given by United States first class mail, postage prepaid,
deposited in the mail not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the
Redemption Date, addressed to each holder of record of the shares selected for
redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the same shall appear on
the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice shall state: (1) the
date designated by the Board of Directors as the "Redemption Date"; (2) the
number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than
all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such
shares to be redeemed from such holder; (3) the Redemption Price and the manner
in which the Redemption Price is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or
places where certificates representing and evidencing such shares are to be
surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; and (5) that dividends on the
shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date.  No failure
to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall
affect the validity of the proceedings for redemption.  Any notice mailed in
the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given whether or not the holder receives the notice.  On the Redemption Date,
or on such earlier date as the Board of Directors shall designate for payment
of the Redemption Price (unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of
the Redemption Price as set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of
Series D Preferred Stock selected for redemption and to whom notice has been
duly given shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series
D Preferred Stock and shall have no interest in, or claim against the
Corporation by virtue thereof and shall have no dividend, voting or other
rights with respect to such shares except the right to receive the moneys
payable upon such redemption from the Corporation or otherwise, without
interest thereon, upon surrender (and proper endorsement, if required by the
Corporation) of the certificates, and the shares represented thereby shall no
longer be deemed to be outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide
funds for redemption shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall have deposited with a bank or trust company (which
may be an affiliate of the Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis,
Tennessee, having a capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any
other such bank or trust company located in the continental United States as
may be designated from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for
such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be
applied to the redemption of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock so called
for redemption.  Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the
Corporation from time to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end
of six years from such Redemption Date shall be repaid or released to the
Corporation, after which the holder or holders of such shares of Series D
Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for
payment of the Redemption Price.  Upon redemption of Series D Preferred Stock
in the manner set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series D Preferred Stock
by the Corporation, the Series D Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation
shall be retired and canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and
may thereafter be issued, but not as shares of Series D Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.

                          (a)  Any class or series of stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "senior to" the Series D Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series D
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series D
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series D Preferred Stock.

                          (b)     The Series D Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation's
Series C Preferred Stock and the Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock, if and
when shares of such Series A Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock.  The
registered holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall have the right,
at their option, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock (and,
upon the occurrence of a certain type of merger, into other assets) on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)     The registered holders of the Series D
Preferred Stock shall have the right at any time after the date of its original
issuance but prior to the Redemption Date designated in the notice of
redemption given to such holders in accordance with the provisions of Section
6, to convert each share of the Corporation's Series D Preferred Stock
registered in the name of such holders into one (1) share of the Corporation's
Common Stock having a par value of $5.00 per share.  The Series D Preferred
Stock shall not be convertible into any other class or classes or any other
series of any class or classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt
security) of the Corporation.

                          (b)     On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of the Series D
Preferred Stock (the "Transfer Agent") of the certificates representing and
evidencing Series D Preferred Stock so to be converted, duly endorsed for
conversion, the holder of such Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled,
subject to the limitations herein contained, to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate or certificates for fully paid and nonassessable shares, and cash
for fractional shares (if any) of UPC Common Stock or other securities pursuant
to subsection (d) below on the basis set forth.  The Series D Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to have been converted and the person converting the same shall
be deemed to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock, for the
purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatsoever as of the
date when the certificate or certificates representing and evidencing such
Series D Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered to the Transfer Agent as
aforesaid.  The holder of Series D Preferred Stock shall be responsible for
selection of the method of delivery to the Transfer Agent of any share
certificates intended to be surrendered for conversion and the Corporation
shall have no risk or liability for the loss or late delivery of certificates
for conversion.  Properly endorsed certificates must be physically received by
the Transfer Agent no later than the close of business on the Business Day next
preceding the designated Redemption Date in order for the conversion to become
effective.  The Corporation shall not be required to make any such conversion,
and no surrender of the Series D Preferred Stock shall be effective for such
purposes, while the books for the transfer of either class of stock are closed
for any purpose, but the surrender of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock
for conversion during any period while such books are closed shall become
effective for all purposes of conversion immediately upon the reopening of such
books, as if the conversion had been made on the date such shares of Series D
Preferred Stock were surrendered.





                Page 10 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   11


                          (c)  If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation should (i) declare and pay on, or in respect of, the UPC Common
Stock any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock; or (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares; or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of the UPC Common Stock by combining such shares
into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) subdivide the outstanding shares of
Series D Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (d)     If the Corporation should consolidate with,
or merge into any corporation or reclassify outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares), each
share of Series D Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series D Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series D Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.

                          (e)     Whenever the conversion ratio or the type of
consideration other than UPC Common Stock receivable by the holder upon
conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock is required to be adjusted, as
herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the transfer agent
for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each holder of record of
Series D Preferred Stock a statement signed by the President or a Vice
President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth the adjusted
conversion ratio and, if applicable, a description of the consideration
receivable upon consummation, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustments.

                          (f)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series D Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion or issuance of UPC Common Stock
shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax, or has established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer agent, if any, that such tax
has been paid or is not required.  Upon any conversion of Series D Preferred
Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or allowance shall be made for
dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock so converted, and all rights to
dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed satisfied; provided, however, that
nothing in this section shall be deemed to relieve the Corporation from its
obligation to pay any dividends which shall have been declared and shall be
payable to holders of Series D Preferred Stock of record as of a date prior to
such conversion even though the payment date for such dividend may be
subsequent to the date of conversion.

                          (g)     If any shares of Series D Preferred Stock
should be converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock
into which such Series D Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or
attributable thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights
Agreement, the surrender of such Series D Preferred Stock shall effectively
cancel all Rights attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series D
Preferred Stock so converted.

                 9.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series D Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding,
reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series D Preferred
Stock, such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time,
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series D Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series D
Preferred Stock in the manner herein provided.

                 10.      Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issuance of debt obligations, whether or
not subordinated, without the approval of any of its shareholders.

                 11.      Definitions.  For purposes of subparagraph (i) of
Article Sixth of the Charter:

                          (a)     The term "outstanding", when used in
reference to shares of stock, shall mean shares which are authorized and
issued, excluding shares held by the Corporation or by a subsidiary of the
Corporation (other than in a fiduciary capacity), and excluding shares called
for redemption, funds for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by
the Corporation or deposited in trust in the manner provided herein;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series D Preferred Stock as of the last day of the applicable
Quarterly Dividend Period (the "Quarterly Dividend Date") shall be deemed to be
the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including such
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, and the amount of
dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series D Preferred Stock as at any date
other than a Quarterly Dividend Date shall be deemed to be (i) the amount of
any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii) an amount
calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the shares of
Series D Preferred Stock (9.5%) for the period subsequent to such last
preceding Quarterly Dividend Date to and including the date as of which the
calculation is made, based on a 360-day year of 12 consecutive 30-day months
and the actual number of days elapsed in the latter period.

SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK

         (j)     Pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
Union Planters Corporation (the "Corporation") by the provisions of this
Article Sixth of its Charter and by the provisions of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, the Board of Directors of the Corporation does hereby create,
authorize and provide for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock out
of the Corporation's authorized class of 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock
having no par value (the "Preferred Stock"), having the designation, relative
participating, optional and other special rights, preferences, qualifications,
limitations and restrictions provided hereafter:

                 1.       Designation and Amount.  The shares of such series
shall be designated as the: 8% CUMULATIVE, CONVERTIBLE, PREFERRED STOCK, SERIES
E (the "Series E Preferred Stock") and the number of shares of Preferred Stock
constituting such Series E Preferred Stock shall be 4,500,000.  Such number of
shares of Series E Preferred Stock may be adjusted hereafter by appropriate
action of the Board of Directors.  The Series E Preferred Stock shall have a
stated value of $25.00 per share (the "Stated Value").

                 2.       Dividends and Distributions.




                Page 11 of Union Planters Corporation Charter

<PAGE>   12


                          (a)  The holders of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock, in preference to the holders of the $5.00 par value common stock of the
Corporation (the "UPC Common Stock") shall be entitled to receive when, as and
if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the
purpose, cumulative cash dividends payable quarterly at the annual rate of 8%
of the Stated Value thereof on the fifteenth day (or, if such fifteenth day
should not be a Business Day, on the next Business Day) of February, May,
August and November in each year (a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), in
respect of the Quarterly Dividend Period next preceding such fifteenth day, and
no other dividend or dividends.  Such dividends shall be payable to holders of
record of the Series E Preferred Stock on such date as may be fixed by the
Board of Directors which date shall not be more than 30 nor less than 10 days
prior to the applicable Quarterly Dividend Payment Date.  As used herein, a
"Quarterly Dividend Period" means a period of three calendar months ending on
the last day of January, April, July and October.  Subject to the provisions of
paragraph (c) of Article Sixth of the Charter, dividends on account of arrears
for any past Quarterly Dividend Period(s) may be declared and paid at any time
designated by the Board of Directors, without reference to any regular
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date as may be
fixed by the Board of Directors, which date shall not be more than 30 nor less
than 10 days preceding the designated payment date.  The amount of dividend per
share payable for any Quarterly Dividend Period less than a full Quarterly
Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve
30-day months and the actual number of days elapsed in the period with respect
to which it is payable.

                          (b)  Preferred dividends upon shares of Series E
Preferred Stock shall commence to accrue and be cumulative from the day upon
which the original issuance of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall occur.

                          (c)     No interest, or sum of money in lieu of
interest, shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which
may be in arrears.

                          (d)  For purposes hereof, a "Business Day" shall mean
any day on which commercial banks in the City of Memphis, Tennessee, are
required to be open for the transaction of their general banking businesses.

                 3.  No Preemptive Rights.  The holders of shares of Series E
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled, as of right, to purchase or subscribe
for any part of the unissued Series E Preferred Stock, any UPC Common Stock, or
any other capital stock of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for any
bonds, certificates of indebtedness, debentures, or other securities
convertible into, or carrying options, warrants or rights to purchase, any
stock or other securities of the Corporation, or to purchase or subscribe for
any stock or any securities of the Corporation purchased by the Corporation or
by its nominee or nominees, or to have any other preemptive rights now or
hereafter defined by the laws of the State of Tennessee.

                 4.       Liquidation.  In the event of the voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the
Corporation, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all debts but before any
distribution of assets may be made to the holders of UPC Common Stock or any
other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series E Preferred Stock
as to the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Corporation, out of assets of the Corporation available for distributions
to its shareholders, $25.00 per share (the "Liquidation Value"), plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid dividends thereon from (but not including) the day of
original issuance to the date of payment thereof.  After such payment has been
made in full to the holders of the outstanding shares of Series E Preferred
Stock (or funds necessary for such payment have been set aside in trust for the
account of such holders so as to be and to continue to be available therefor),
the holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to no further
distributions, and the remaining assets of the Corporation shall be divided and
distributed among the holders of UPC Common Stock (subject to any senior rights
of any holders of any other capital stock of the Corporation entitled to
participate with the UPC Common Stock as to the distribution of assets) then
outstanding according to their respective rights as shareholders.  If, upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the net assets of
the Corporation, or proceeds thereof available for distribution among the
holders of Series E Preferred Stock should be insufficient to permit payment in
full of the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any other
Preferred Stock ranking, as to liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on a
parity with the Series E Preferred Stock, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series E Preferred Stock and
the holders of any such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the
Series E Preferred Stock ratably in accordance with the respective amounts
which would be payable on such shares of Series E Preferred Stock and on any
such other Preferred Stock ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred
Stock if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full.  Neither the
consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation
or corporations, nor a reorganization of the Corporation alone, nor the sale or
transfer by the Corporation of all or substantially all of its assets shall be
deemed a "liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation" within the
meaning of this paragraph 4.

                 5.       Right of Holders of Series E Shares to Vote.

                          (a)     Except as hereinafter provided for and as
otherwise from time to time required by law, the Series E Preferred Stock shall
have no voting rights except for those which may be required by the laws of the
State of Tennessee.

                          (b)     So long as any shares of Series E Preferred
Stock remain outstanding, the consents of the holders of at least two-thirds
(2/3ds) of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock outstanding at the time
(voting separately as a class together with all other series of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation ranking on a parity with the Series E Preferred Stock either
as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up and upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are
exercisable) given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at any special
or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect
or validate any one or more of the following actions:

                                  (i)      the authorization, creation or
issuance of a new class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series E Preferred
Stock, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of any class or
series having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Series E
Preferred Stock; or

                                  (ii)      the amendment, alteration or
repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions
of the Corporation's Charter which would materially and adversely affect any
right, preference, privilege or voting power of the Series E Preferred Stock or
of the holders thereof; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of
authorized UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock or the authorization, creation
or issuance of any other series of UPC Common Stock or Preferred Stock, in each
case ranking on a parity with, or junior to the Series E Preferred Stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to "materially and
adversely affect" such rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the
Series E Preferred Stock.

                          (c)     The foregoing voting provisions shall not
apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote
would otherwise be required shall be effected (i) all outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or called for redemption and
(ii) funds shall have been deposited in trust in an amount sufficient to effect
such redemption as provided herein.

                 6.       Redemption.




                Page 12 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   13


                          (a)  The shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be
redeemable, in whole or in part, only at the option of the Corporation by
resolution of its Board of Directors but only with the prior consent of the
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or of the appropriate Federal
Reserve Bank acting under delegated authority, or their successors, at any time
and from time to time on or after March 1, 1997, at a price "Redemption Price"
of $25.00 per share, plus all dividends accrued and unpaid on such Series E
Preferred Stock from (but not including) the day of original issuance up to the
Redemption Date (as defined below).  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence of
this Section, the Corporation may acquire Series E Preferred Stock in any other
lawful manner permitted by its Charter or Bylaws.

                          (b)  In the event that less than the entire amount of
Series E Preferred Stock outstanding is to be redeemed at any one time, the
shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (as nearly as may
be) or by any other method determined by the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its sole discretion to be equitable.

                          (c)  Notice of any redemption, whether whole or
partial, shall be given by United States first class mail, postage prepaid,
deposited in the mail not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the
Redemption Date, addressed to each holder of record of the shares selected for
redemption at such holders' respective addresses as the same shall appear on
the stock register of the Corporation.  Each such notice shall state: (1) the
date designated by the Board of Directors as the "Redemption Date"; (2) the
number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than
all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such
shares to be redeemed from such holder; (3) the Redemption Price and the manner
in which the Redemption Price is to be paid and delivered; (4) the place or
places where certificates representing and evidencing such shares are to be
surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; and (5) that dividends on the
shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such Redemption Date.  No failure
to mail such notice or any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall
affect the validity of the proceedings for redemption.  Any notice mailed in
the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly
given whether or not the holder receives the notice.  On the Redemption Date,
or on such earlier date as the Board of Directors shall designate for payment
of the Redemption Price (unless the Corporation shall default in the payment of
the Redemption Price as set forth in such notice), the holders of shares of
Series E Preferred Stock selected for redemption and to whom notice has been
duly given shall cease to be shareholders with respect to such shares of Series
E Preferred Stock and shall have no interest in, or claim against the
Corporation by virtue thereof and shall have no dividend, voting or other
rights with respect to such shares except the right to receive the moneys
payable upon such redemption from the Corporation or otherwise, without
interest thereon, upon surrender (and proper endorsement, if required by the
Corporation) of the certificates, and the shares represented thereby shall no
longer be deemed to be outstanding.  The Corporation's obligation to provide
funds for redemption shall be deemed fulfilled if, on or before the Redemption
Date, the Corporation shall have deposited with a bank or trust company (which
may be an affiliate of the Corporation), having an office or agency in Memphis,
Tennessee, having a capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000, or with any
other such bank or trust company located in the continental United States as
may be designated from time to time by the Corporation, funds necessary for
such redemption, in trust, with irrevocable instructions that such funds be
applied to the redemption of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock so called
for redemption.  Any interest accrued on such funds shall be paid to the
Corporation from time to time.  Any funds so deposited and unclaimed at the end
of six years from such Redemption Date shall be repaid or released to the
Corporation, after which the holder or holders of such shares of Series E
Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for
payment of the Redemption Price.  Upon redemption of Series E Preferred Stock
in the manner set out herein, or upon the purchase of Series E Preferred Stock
by the Corporation, the Series E Preferred Stock so acquired by the Corporation
shall be retired and canceled and shall be restored to the status of authorized
but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, without designation as to series, and
may thereafter be issued, but not as shares of Series E Preferred Stock.

                 7.       Ranking.

                          (a)  Any class or series of stock of the Corporation
shall be deemed to rank:

                                  (i)  "senior to" the Series E Preferred Stock
if the holders of such class or series shall be entitled to the receipt of
dividends or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, as the case may be, in preference or priority to the holders of Series E
Preferred Stock; and

                                  (ii)  "on a parity with" the Series E
Preferred Stock if the holders of such class or series of stock and the holders
of the Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the receipt of dividends
or of amounts distributable upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, as the
case may be, in proportion to their respective dividend rates or liquidation
prices, without preference or priority one over the other whether or not the
dividend rates, dividend payment dates or redemption or liquidation prices per
share of such other class or series of stock are different from those of the
Series E Preferred Stock.

                          (b)     The Series E Preferred Stock shall rank on a
parity with the Corporation's Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation's
Series C Preferred Stock, the Corporation's Series D Preferred Stock  and the
Corporation's Series A Preferred Stock, if and when shares of such Series A
Preferred Stock should be issued.

                 8.       Conversion of Series E Preferred Stock.  The
registered holders of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall have the right,
at their option, to convert such shares into shares of UPC Common Stock (and,
upon the occurrence of a certain type of merger, into other assets) on the
following terms and conditions:

                          (a)  The registered holders of the Series E Preferred
Stock shall have the right at any time after the date of its original issuance
but prior to the Redemption Date designated in the notice of redemption given
to such holders in accordance with the provisions of Section 6, to convert each
share of the Corporation's Series E Preferred Stock registered in the name of
such holders into 1.25 shares of the Corporation's Common Stock having a par
value of $5.00 per share.  The Series E Preferred Stock shall not be
convertible into any other class or classes or any other series of any class or
classes of capital stock (or any other equity or debt security) of the
Corporation.

                          (b)      On presentation and surrender to the
Corporation at any office or agency maintained for the transfer of the Series E
Preferred Stock (the "Transfer Agent") of the certificates representing and
evidencing Series E Preferred Stock so to be converted, duly endorsed for
conversion, the holder of such Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled,
subject to the limitations herein contained, to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate or certificates for fully paid and nonassessable shares, and cash
for fractional shares (if any) of UPC Common Stock or other securities pursuant
to subsection (d) below on the basis set forth.  The Series E Preferred Stock
shall be deemed to have been converted and the person converting the same shall
be deemed to have become the holder of record of UPC Common Stock, for the
purpose of receiving dividends and for all other purposes whatsoever as of the
date when the certificate or certificates representing and evidencing such
Series E Preferred Stock shall have been surrendered to the Transfer Agent as
aforesaid.  The holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall be responsible for
selection of the method of delivery to the Transfer Agent of any share
certificates intended to be surrendered for conversion and the Corporation
shall have no risk or liability for the loss or late delivery of certificates
for conversion.  Properly endorsed certificates must be physically received by
the Transfer Agent no later than the close of business on the Business Day next
preceding the designated Redemption Date in order for the conversion to become
effective.  The Corporation shall not be required to make any such conversion,
and no surrender of the Series E Preferred Stock shall be effective for such
purposes, while the books for the transfer of either class of stock are closed
for any purpose, but the surrender of such shares of Series E Preferred Stock
for conversion during any period while





                Page 13 of Union Planters Corporation Charter

<PAGE>   14

such books are closed shall become effective for all purposes of conversion
immediately upon the reopening of such books, as if the conversion had been
made on the date such shares of Series E Preferred Stock were surrendered.

                          (c)  If at any time, or from time to time, the
Corporation should (i) declare and pay on, or in respect of, the UPC Common
Stock any dividend payable in shares of UPC Common Stock; or (ii) subdivide the
outstanding shares of UPC Common Stock into a greater number of shares, or
contract the number of outstanding shares of Series E Preferred Stock by
combining such shares into a smaller number of shares; or (iii) contract the
number of outstanding shares of the UPC Common Stock by combining such shares
into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) subdivide the outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred Stock into a greater number of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock, the Conversion Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted as of such time.

                          (d)     If the Corporation should consolidate with,
or merge into any corporation or reclassify outstanding shares of UPC Common
Stock (other than by way of subdivision or contraction of such shares), each
share of Series E Preferred Stock shall thereafter be convertible into the
number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Corporation,
or of the entity resulting from such consolidation or merger, to which a holder
of the number of shares of UPC Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of such
share of Series E Preferred Stock would have been entitled upon such
consolidation, merger or reclassification, had the holder of such share of
Series E Preferred Stock exercised his right of conversion and had such shares
been issued and outstanding and had such holder been the holder of record of
such UPC Common Stock at the time of such consolidation, merger or
reclassification and the Corporation shall make lawful provision therefor as a
part of such consolidation, merger or reclassification.

                          (e)     Whenever the conversion ratio or the type of
consideration other than UPC Common Stock receivable by the holder upon
conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock is required to be adjusted, as
herein provided, the Corporation shall promptly file with the transfer agent
for the UPC Common Stock and simultaneously provide to each holder of record of
Series E Preferred Stock a statement signed by the President or a Vice
President or the Secretary or the Treasurer setting forth the adjusted
conversion ratio and, if applicable, a description of the consideration
receivable upon consummation, determined as so provided.  Such statement shall
set forth in reasonable detail such facts as may be necessary to show the
reason for and the manner of computing such adjustments.

                          (f)     The Corporation shall pay any and all taxes
which may be imposed upon it with respect to the issuance and delivery of UPC
Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock as herein
provided.  The Corporation shall not be required in any event to pay any
transfer or other taxes by reason of the issuance of such UPC Common Stock in
names other than those in which the Series E Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion may stand, and no such conversion or issuance of UPC Common Stock
shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issuance has paid to
the Corporation the amount of any such tax, or has established to the
satisfaction of the Corporation and its transfer agent, if any, that such tax
has been paid or is not required.  Upon any conversion of Series E Preferred
Stock as herein provided, no adjustment or allowance shall be made for
dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock so converted, and all rights to
dividends, if any, shall cease and be deemed satisfied; provided, however, that
nothing in this section shall be deemed to relieve the Corporation from its
obligation to pay any dividends which shall have been declared and shall be
payable to holders of Series E Preferred Stock of record as of a date prior to
such conversion even though the payment date for such dividend may be
subsequent to the date of conversion.

                          (g)     If any shares of Series E Preferred Stock
should be converted into UPC Common Stock at a time when the UPC Common Stock
into which such Series E Preferred Stock is convertible has attached or
attributable thereto Rights issued pursuant to the UPC Share Purchase Rights
Agreement, the surrender of such Series E Preferred Stock shall effectively
cancel all Rights attached or attributable to the share(s) of Series E
Preferred Stock so converted.

                 9.       Reservation of UPC Common Stock.  The Corporation
shall, so long as any of the Series E Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding,
reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued UPC Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series E Preferred
Stock, such number of shares of UPC Common Stock as shall, from time to time,
be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of the Series E Preferred
Stock then outstanding.  The Corporation shall, from time to time, increase its
authorized UPC Common Stock and take such other actions as may be necessary to
permit the issuance from time to time of the shares of the UPC Common Stock, as
fully paid and nonassessable shares, upon the conversion of the Series E
Preferred Stock in the manner herein provided.

                 10.      Debt Obligations.  The Corporation, at any time and
from time to time, may authorize the issuance of debt obligations, whether or
not subordinated, without the approval of any of its shareholders.

                 11.      Definitions.  For purposes of subparagraph (j) of
Article Sixth of the Charter:

                          (a)  The term "outstanding", when used in reference
to shares of stock, shall mean shares which are authorized and issued,
excluding shares held by the Corporation or by a subsidiary of the Corporation
(other than in a fiduciary capacity), and excluding shares called for
redemption, funds for the redemption of which shall have been set aside by the
Corporation or deposited in trust in the manner provided herein;

                          (b)     The amount of dividends "accrued" on any
share of Series E Preferred Stock as of the last day of the applicable
Quarterly Dividend Period (the "Quarterly Dividend Date") shall be deemed to be
the amount of any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including such
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, and the amount of
dividends "accrued" on any shares of Series E Preferred Stock as at any date
other than a Quarterly Dividend Date shall be deemed to be (i) the amount of
any unpaid dividends accumulated thereon to and including the last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date, whether or not earned or declared, plus (ii) an amount
calculated on the basis of the annual dividend rate fixed for the shares of
Series E Preferred Stock (8%) for the period subsequent to such last preceding
Quarterly Dividend Date to and including the date as of which the calculation
is made, based on a 360-day year of 12 consecutive 30-day months and the actual
number of days elapsed in the latter period.


COMMON STOCK

         (a)  Shares of Common Stock may be issued at such time or times and
for such consideration or considerations (not less than the par value thereof)
as the Board of Directors may deem advisable subject to such limitations as may
be set forth in the laws of the State of Tennessee or the Charter or the Bylaws
of the Corporation.

         (b)  Except as provided by law or this Charter, each holder of Common
Stock shall have one vote in respect of each share of stock held by him of
record on the books of the Corporation on all matters voted upon by the
shareholders.




                Page 14 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   15


         (c)  Subject to the preferential dividend rights, if any, applicable
to shares of Preferred Stock and subject to applicable requirements, if any,
with respect to the setting aside of sums for purchase, retirement or sinking
funds for Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to
receive, to the extent permitted by law, such dividends as may be declared from
time to time by the Board of Directors.

         (d)  In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up of the Corporation, after
distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to
the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation of whatever
kind available for distribution to stockholders ratably in proportion to the
number of shares of Common Stock held by them respectively.  The Board of
Directors may distribute in kind to the holders of Common Stock such remaining
assets of the Corporation or may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or
any part of such remaining assets to any other person, corporation, trust, or
other entity and receive payment therefor in cash, stock or obligations of such
other corporation, trust or entity, or any combination thereof, and may sell
all or any part of the consideration so received and distribute any balance
thereof in kind to holders of Common Stock.  Neither the merger or
consolidation of the Corporation into or with any other corporation, nor the
merger of any other corporation into it, nor any purchase or redemption of
shares of stock of the Corporation of any class, shall be deemed to be a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation for the purposes of
this paragraph.

         (e)  Such numbers of shares of Common Stock as may from time to time
be required for such purpose shall be reserved for issuance (i) upon conversion
of any shares of Preferred Stock or any other obligation of the Corporation
convertible into shares of Common Stock which is at the time outstanding or
issuable upon exercise of any options or warrants at the time outstanding, and
(ii) upon exercise of any options or warrants at the time outstanding to
purchase shares of Common Stock.

SEVENTH:  MINIMUM CAPITAL TO COMMENCE BUSINESS:

         The Corporation will not commence business until consideration of one
thousand dollars ($1,000) has been received for the issuance of shares.

EIGHTH:  NO PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS:

         Neither the holders of Common Stock, nor the holders of Preferred
Stock nor the holders of any securities convertible into, exchangeable for or
carrying any rights to subscribe to any class of capital stock of the
Corporation shall, as such holders, have any right to acquire, purchase or
subscribe for any shares of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock of the
Corporation or any class of capital stock or any securities convertible into,
exchangeable for, or carrying any rights to subscribe to, shares of Common
Stock or any such other class of capital stock of the Corporation, which it may
hereafter issue or sell (whether out of the number of shares now or hereafter
authorized by this Charter, or out of any shares of the Common Stock or other
capital stock of the Corporation acquired by it after the issuance thereof, or
otherwise), other than such right, if any, as the Board of Directors of the
Corporation in its discretion may determine.

NINTH:  DIRECTORS:

         The number of directors of the Corporation shall be such number, not
less than seven (7) nor more than twenty-five (25), as shall be provided from
time to time in the Bylaws, provided that no amendment to the Bylaws decreasing
the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any
incumbent director, and provided further that no action shall be taken by the
directors (whether through amendment of the Bylaws or otherwise) to increase
the number of directors as provided in the Bylaws from time to time unless at
least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the directors then in
office shall concur in said action.  Directors need not be shareholders of the
Corporation nor need they be residents of Tennessee.

         The Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes of
directors which shall be designated Class I, Class II and Class III.  Such
classes shall be as nearly equal in number as the then total number of
directors constituting the entire board shall permit, with the terms of office
of all members of one class expiring each year.  Should the number of directors
fixed by the Bylaws not be equally divisible by three, the excess director or
directors shall be assigned to Classes III or II as follows:  (i) if there
shall be an excess of one directorship over a number equally divisible by
three, such extra directorship shall be classified in Class III; and (ii) if
there be an excess of two directorships over a number equally divisible by
three, one shall be classified in Class II and the other in Class III.  At the
annual meeting of shareholders in 1981: directors of Class I shall be elected
to hold office for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting;
directors of Class II shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at
the second succeeding annual meeting; and directors of Class III shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
meeting.  At each annual meeting of shareholders after 1981, the successors to
the members of the class of directors whose terms shall then expire shall be
elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual
meeting, except that the successor to any director who shall have been elected
by the directors to fill a vacancy whose term shall expire at such meeting
shall be elected by the shareholders for a term expiring at the same time as
the terms of other members of the same class.  Any director elected by the
Board of Directors to fill a vacancy (whether or not such vacancy shall have
been created by an increase in the number of directors) shall serve only until
the next annual meeting of the shareholders.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any director whose term shall expire at any annual meeting shall continue to
serve until such time as his successor shall have been duly elected and shall
have qualified unless his position on the Board shall have been abolished by
action taken to reduce the size of the Board prior to said meeting.

         Should the number of members of the Corporation's Board as fixed by
the Bylaws be reduced by amendment thereof, the Board shall designate, by the
name of the incumbent(s), the position(s) to be abolished, the first being
selected from Class II should the number of members of that Class exceed the
number of members of Class I, the second being selected from Class III should
the number of its members exceed the number of members of Class I, and others,
in sequence from Classes I, II, III, I, II, III, etc. in that order. Should
additional directorships be created pursuant to amendment of the Bylaws, they
shall be allocated first to Class II and then to Class I as may be required to
make equal the number of directorships in each class.  Should the number of
directorships be equal as among the three classes, newly created positions
shall be assigned first to Class III, then to Class II, then to Class I, etc.

         Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Charter or the Bylaws
(and notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be specified by
law, the Charter or the Bylaws of this Corporation), the affirmative vote of
the holders of sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of this Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one
class) shall be required (a) to amend, alter, change or repeal this ARTICLE
NINTH of the Charter or (b) to remove from office any director of this
Corporation whether with or without cause.

TENTH:  NO CUMULATIVE VOTING FOR DIRECTORS:

         Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the
election.  No cumulative voting shall be permitted with respect to the election
of directors.

ELEVENTH:  CERTAIN POWERS DEFINED:




                Page 15 of Union Planters Corporation Charter

<PAGE>   16


         The following provisions are hereby adopted for the purpose of
defining, limiting and regulating the powers of the Corporation and of its
directors and shareholders:

         (a)  All corporate powers of the Corporation shall be exercised by its
Board of Directors except as otherwise provided by law, provided, however, that
the Board of Directors, by a resolution adopted by a majority of the entire
Board, may designate an Executive Committee consisting of five (5) or more
directors, and other committees, consisting of five (5) or more directors, and
may delegate to such committee or committees all such authority of the Board
that it deems desirable, except that no such committee or committees, unless
specifically so authorized by the Board, shall have and exercise the authority
of the Board to:

                 (1)  adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws;

                 (2)  submit to the shareholders of the Corporation any action
         requiring shareholders' authorization under the Tennessee Business
         Corporation Act;

                 (3)  fill vacancies in the Board or in any committee;

                 (4)  declare dividends or make other corporate distributions; 
         nor

                 (5)  issue or reissue any Common Stock, or Preferred Stock, or
         any obligation of the Corporation exchangeable for or convertible into
         its capital stock of any class or any warrant, right or option to
         acquire the same.

         The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of
any such committee, who may replace any absent member or members at any meeting
of such committee.  Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the
Board.  The designation of any such committee shall serve at the pleasure of
the Board.  The designation of any such committee and the delegation thereto of
authority shall not relieve any director of any responsibility imposed by law.
To the extent consistent with law, this Charter and the Bylaws of the
Corporation relating to the conduct of meetings of the Board shall govern
meetings of the Executive and other committees.

         (b)  Whenever under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act
shareholders are required or permitted to take any action by vote, such action
may be taken without a meeting on written consent, setting forth the action so
taken, signed by all of the persons or entities entitled to vote thereon.
Directors may take any action which they are required or permitted to take
under the Tennessee Business Corporation Act without a meeting in the same
manner.

         (c)  The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or
repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation by a majority vote of the entire Board,
but any Bylaw so adopted by the Board may be further amended or repealed by
action of the shareholders of the Corporation.  The Bylaws may contain any
provision for the regulation and management of the business or affairs of the
Corporation not inconsistent with law and this Charter.

         (d)  The Board of Directors shall have power from time to time to set
apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or
reserves for any proper purpose, and to abolish any such reserve.

         (e)  The Board of Directors from time to time shall determine whether
and to what extent and at what times and places and under what conditions and
regulations the accounts and books of the Corporation, or any of them, shall be
open to the inspection of the shareholders, and no shareholder shall have any
right to inspect any account, book or document of the Corporation except as
conferred by statute, the Bylaws or as authorized by resolution of the Board of
Directors.

         (f)     The Board of Directors of the Corporation, without the vote of
the shareholders, may distribute to its shareholders out of its capital surplus
a portion of its assets, in cash or in property, in accordance with and subject
to the limitations imposed by Section 48-16-401 of the Tennessee Business
Corporation Act, provided however, that no such distribution shall be made to
the holders of any class of shares until adequate provision shall be made for
any sinking fund requirements applicable to the retirement of Preferred Stock
of the Corporation.

         (g)     The Corporation shall have the right to purchase or otherwise
acquire its own shares in accordance with Section 48-16-302 of the Tennessee
Business Corporation Act to the extent of unreserved and unrestricted earned
surplus available therefor, or, if such unreserved and unrestricted earned
surplus is not available, to the extent of unreserved and unrestricted capital
surplus available therefor.

TWELFTH:  INDEMNIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS:

         To the fullest extent permitted by Tennessee law, the Corporation may
indemnify or purchase and maintain insurance to indemnify any of its directors,
officers, employees or agents and any persons who may serve at the request of
the Corporation as directors, officers, employees, trustees or agents of any
other corporation, firm, association, national banking association,
state-chartered bank, trust company, business trust, organization or any other
type of entity whether or not the Corporation shall have any ownership interest
in such entity.  Such indemnification(s) may be provided for in the Bylaws, or
by resolution of the Board of Directors or by appropriate contract with the
person involved.

THIRTEENTH:  CHARTER AMENDMENTS:

         The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal
any provision made in this Charter, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed
by the laws of the State of Tennessee, and all rights conferred herein upon
shareholders and the Board of Directors are granted subject to this
reservation.

FOURTEENTH:  SPECIAL VOTE IN CERTAIN CASES:

         (a)     Except as otherwise expressly provided in Paragraph 4 of this
ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the affirmative vote of the holders of sixty-six and
two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of this Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
considered for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH as one class, shall be
required to authorize:

                 (1)      any merger or consolidation of this Corporation with
or into any other corporation, or other entity; or

                 (2)      any sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of
all or substantially all of the assets of this Corporation to or with any other
corporation, person, or other entity, if, as of the "Date of Determination" as
defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, such other corporation, person, or entity
is the "Beneficial Owner," directly or indirectly, of ten percent (10%) or more
of the outstanding shares of capital stock of this Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the





                Page 16 of Union Planters Corporation Charter
<PAGE>   17
election of directors, considered for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH
as one class.  Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact
that some lesser percentage may be specified in law or any agreement with any
national securities exchange.

         (b)     For purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, any corporation,
person, or other entity shall be deemed to be the "Beneficial Owner" of any
shares of capital stock of this Corporation (i) which it or any "Affiliate" or
"Associate" of it (as defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) has the right to
acquire pursuant to any agreement, or upon exercise of conversion rights,
warrants, or options, or otherwise, or (ii) which are "Beneficially Owned,"
directly or indirectly (including shares being owned through application of
clause (i) above), by any other corporation, person or entity which is its
"Affiliate" or "Associate" (as defined in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) or with
which it or any "Affiliate" or "Associate" or it has any agreement,
arrangement, or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or
disposing of the capital stock of this Corporation.  For the purposes of this
ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the outstanding shares of any class of capital stock of
this Corporation shall include shares deemed owned through the application of
clauses (i) and (ii) above but shall not include any other shares which may be
issuable pursuant to any agreement, or upon exercise of conversion rights,
warrants, or options, or otherwise.

         (c)     The Board of Directors of this Corporation shall have the
power and duty to determine for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, on the
basis of information then known to it, whether any corporation, person, or
other entity "Beneficially Owns" ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, or is an "Affiliate" or an "Associate" (as defined in
this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH) or another.  Any such determination by the Board of
Directors made in good faith shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes
of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH.

         (d)     The provisions of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH shall not apply to
any merger or consolidation of this Corporation with or into, or any sale,
lease, exchange, or other disposition of any assets of this Corporation to, any
corporation or entity of which a majority of the outstanding shares of all
classes of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, considered for this purpose as one class, is owned of record or
beneficially by this Corporation and its subsidiaries.

         (e)     As used in this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

                 (1)      Affiliate.  An "Affiliate" of, or a person
"affiliated" with, a specific person, means a person that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by,
or is under common control with, the person specified.

                 (2)      Associate.  The term "Associate" used to indicate a
relationship with any person, means (i) any corporation or organization (other
than this Corporation or a majority-owned subsidiary of this Corporation) of
which such person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the
beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of equity
securities, (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has a
substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or
in a similar fiduciary capacity, (iii) any relative or spouse of such person,
or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such person, or (iv)
any investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 for
which such person or any affiliate of such person serves as investment adviser.

                 (3)      Date of Determination.  The term "Date of
Determination" means (i) the date on which a binding agreement (except for the
fulfillment of conditions precedent, including, without limitation, votes of
shareholders to approve such transaction) is entered into by this Corporation,
as authorized by its Board of Directors, and another corporation, person or
other entity providing for any merger or consolidation of this Corporation or
any sale, lease, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of this Corporation, as referred to in Paragraph 1 in this ARTICLE
FOURTEENTH; or, (ii) if such an agreement as referred to in item (i) is amended
so as to make it less favorable to this Corporation and its shareholders, the
date on which such amendment is approved by the Board of Directors of this
Corporation, or, (iii) in cases where neither item (i) nor item (ii) shall be
applicable, the record date for the determination of shareholders of this
Corporation entitled to notice of and to vote upon the transaction in question.
The Board of Directors of this Corporation shall have the power and duty to
determine for the purposes of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH the Date of Determination
as to any transaction.  Any such determination by the Board of Directors made
in good faith shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this ARTICLE
FOURTEENTH.

         (f)     The provisions of this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH as to the vote
required for any action described herein, shall apply in addition to any other
provision for a vote required with respect to such action by law or otherwise.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Charter or the Bylaws (and
notwithstanding the fact that some lesser percentage may be specified in law,
the Charter, or the Bylaws), the affirmative vote of the holders of sixty-six
and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) or more of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of this Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors (considered for this purpose as one class) shall be required to
amend, alter, or repeal this ARTICLE FOURTEENTH.

Revised 07/21/95



                Page 17 of Union Planters Corporation Charter

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.J
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>DEFERRED COMPENSATION CHART
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1




                                                                  Exhibit 10(j)









                                     1996


                  Deferred Compensation Plan for Executives





<PAGE>   2




                              TABLE OF CONTENTS


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                       <C>
RECITALS.................................................................  -1- 
                                                                             
Section 1    DEFINITIONS.................................................  -1- 
                                                                             
Section 2    ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION                                   
      2.1    Eligibility.................................................  -5- 
      2.2    Participation...............................................  -5- 
                                                                             
Section 3    ADMINISTRATION                                                  
      3.1    General Powers of Administration............................  -6- 
      3.2    Company as Fiduciary........................................  -6- 
      3.3    Indemnification.............................................  -6- 
                                                                             
Section 4    DEFERRAL MATCHING AND SUPPLEMENTAL                              
             CONTRIBUTIONS                                                   
      4.1  Deferred Compensation.........................................  -7- 
             A.    Deferral Election                                         
             B.    Timing of Election                                        
             C.    Content of Deferral Elections                             
      4.2    Matching Contributions......................................  -8- 
      4.3    Supplemental Contributions..................................  -8- 
                                                                             
Section 5    DEFERRAL PLAN ACCOUNTS                                          
      5.1    Establishment of Deferral Plan Accounts.....................  -8- 
      5.2    Deferred Compensation Subaccount............................  -8- 
             A.    Initial Credit to Subaccount                              
             B.    Earnings Credit to Subaccount
      5.3    Matching Contribution Subaccount............................  -9- 
             A.    Initial Credit to Subaccount                             
             B.    Earnings Credit to Subaccount                            
      5.4    Supplemental Contribution Subaccount........................ -10-
             A.    Initial Credit to Subaccount                         
             B.    Earnings Credit to Subaccount                        
      5.5    Transfer of Prior Plan Deferral Amounts to DPAs............. -10-
                                                                        
Section 6    VESTING OF DPA SUBACCOUNTS                                 
      6.1    Vesting..................................................... -11-
             A.    Deferred Compensation Subaccount
             B.    Matching Contribution Subaccount
             C.    Supplemental Contribution Subaccount

</TABLE>
                              

<PAGE>   3

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                     <C>
Section 7    PAYMENT TO PARTICIPANTS                                         
      7.1    Payment Upon Termination of Employment.................... -12-
             A.    Lump Sum Distribution                                
             B.    Death Before Payment of Benefits                     
      7.2    Distributions in Cases of Hardship........................ -13- 
                                                                        
Section 8    PARTICIPANT STATEMENTS                                          
      8.1    Participant Statements.................................... -13- 
             A.    Annual Participant Statements                        
             B.    Statement Upon Termination of Employment             
                                                                             
Section 9    AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION PLAN                                   
      9.1    Amendment or Termination of Plan.......................... -15-
                                                                        
Section 10   GENERAL PROVISIONS                                              
     10.1    Participant's Rights Unfunded............................. -15- 
     10.2    Independence of Other Benefit Arrangements................ -16- 
     10.3    No Secured Guarantee of Benefits.......................... -16- 
     10.4    No Enlargement of Employee Rights......................... -16-
     10.5    Spendthrift Provision..................................... -16-
     10.6    Applicable Law............................................ -16-
     10.7    Severability.............................................. -16-
     10.8    Incapacity of Recipient................................... -16-
     10.9    Successors................................................ -16-
    10.10    Unclaimed Benefits........................................ -17-
    10.11    Limitations of Liability.................................. -17-
    10.12    Forfeiture of Benefits ................................... -17-
    10.13    Payment of Attorney's Fees, Court Costs, and Interest on    
             Loss of Benefits.......................................... -17-
    10.14    Payment of Taxes.......................................... -17-
    10.15    Withholding............................................... -18-
    10.16    Participants Bound by Terms of the Plan................... -18-
    10.17    Effective Date of the Plan................................ -18-
             
 EXHIBIT A:  PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
 EXHIBIT B:  DEFERRED COMPENSATION ELECTION FORM
 EXHIBIT C:  TRUST UNDER DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

</TABLE>
 
 
<PAGE>   4
                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                   DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR EXECUTIVES

                                    RECITALS

WHEREAS, Union Planters Corporation ("Company") desires to assist selected
Company executives in their ability to better provide for their own financial
future by permitting such executives to defer of a portion of their current
annual salary and any bonus compensation;

WHEREAS, the Company desires that such deferrals are to be made without
restrictions imposed by those Internal Revenue Code provisions which apply to
tax-qualified retirement plans;

WHEREAS, Company has in the past periodically entered into individual income
deferral arrangements with selected Company executives whereby such executives
were provided the opportunity to elect to defer a portion of their base
compensation and/or bonus received during a calendar year; and

WHEREAS, as to future deferral by such executives, Company desires to set forth
the terms and conditions of any such future deferral arrangements through this
Deferred Compensation Plan.


                                   SECTION 1
                                  DEFINITIONS

1.1 "APPLICABLE FEDERAL RATE" shall mean 120 percent of the applicable federal
rate (as calculated on a mid-term basis, compounded monthly) pursuant to Code
Section 1274(d), as amended.

1.2 "BENEFICIARY" shall mean the person or persons Participant has designated
in writing to Company to receive benefits under the Agreement in the event of
the Participant's death. If the Participant has not specifically designated any
Beneficiary for purposes of the Agreement, then the Beneficiary shall become
the Participant's estate. In the case of the death of the Beneficiary before
completion of payments under the Agreement to the Beneficiary, then the
Beneficiary's estate shall become entitled to any remaining payments.

1.3 "BONUS" shall mean any special and/or discretionary compensation amounts in
excess of Salary determined by the Company to be payable to a Participant with
respect to services rendered.

1.4 "CHANGE OF CONTROL" shall mean the occurrence of the earliest of any of the
following events:


       A. The acquisition by any entity, person, or group (excluding any
       entity, person, or group owning Voting Stock at the effective date of
       this Plan) of beneficial ownership, as


                                      1
<PAGE>   5


       that term is defined in Rule  13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of
       1934, of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the Voting Stock of
       Company;

       B. The commencement and consummation by any entity, person, or group
       (other than Company) of a tender offer or an exchange offer for more
       than twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the Voting Stock of Company;
       or

       C. The effective date of a (i) merger or consolidation of Company with
       one or more other corporations as a result of which the holders of the
       Voting Stock of Company immediately prior to such merger or
       consolidation hold less than eighty percent (80%) of the Voting Stock of
       the surviving or resulting corporation, or (ii) a sale or transfer of a
       majority of the property of Company, other than to an entity of which
       Company controls 80% or more of the Voting Stock.

1.5 "CODE" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.6 "COMMITTEE" shall mean the Salary and Benefits Committee of the Company's
Board of Directors, or such committee charged with oversight of the Company's
salary and benefits programs.

1.7 "COMPANY" shall mean Union Planters Corporation.

1.8 "CURRENT EARNINGS RATE" shall mean an interest rate determined as of each
December 31. Such interest rate shall be equal to a 12-month average of 120
percent of the applicable mid-term federal rate under Code Section 1274 (d), as
amended; provided, however, that in no event shall such Current Earnings Rate
exceed that interest rate which would require disclosure under Securities and
Exchange Commission annual proxy statement reporting guidelines as additional
reportable earnings. Interest compounding shall be on an annual basis based
upon the period of deferral.

1.9 "DEFERRED COMPENSATION" shall mean the sum of Salary and/or Bonus that is
the subject of an elective deferral under Section 4.1 of the Plan.

1.10 "DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT" shall mean the bookkeeping account
established for a Participant under the Plan to which Deferred Compensation
amounts with respect to such Participant are credited from time to time, as
provided in Section 5.2 of the Plan. For purposes of this definition, unless
otherwise indicated by the Plan, Deferred Compensation Subaccount shall refer
to both the Deferred Compensation Cash and Stock Subparts.

1.11 "DEFERRED COMPENSATION ELECTION FORM" shall mean the form which
Participants use to defer Salary and/or Bonus pursuant to Section 4.1 of the
Plan.

1.12 "DISABILITY" shall mean mental or physical disability as determined by the
Committee in accordance with standards and procedures similar to those under
the Company's employee long-



                                       2


<PAGE>   6

term disability plan, if any. At any time that the Company does not maintain
such a long-term disability plan, Disability shall mean the inability of a
Participant, as determined by the Committee, to substantially perform such
Participant's regular duties and responsibilities due to a medically
determinable physical or mental illness which has lasted (or can reasonably be
expected to last) for a period of six (6) consecutive months.

1.13 "DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE" shall mean the date upon which cash dividends are
paid to Company shareholders.

1.14 "ELIGIBLE EXECUTIVE" shall mean any employee of the Company being paid
Salary at a rate in excess of $125,000 annually and who is selected by the
Committee to participate in the Plan.

1.15 "GOOD REASON" shall mean a termination of employment by the Participant
with the Company if, without the Participant's express written consent:

       (i) Company shall assign to Participant duties of a nonexecutive nature
       or for which Participant is not reasonably equipped by his or her skills
       and experience; or

       (ii) Company shall reduce the salary of the Participant, or materially
       reduce the amount of paid vacations to which he or she is entitled, or
       materially reduce his or her fringe benefits and perquisites; or

       (iii) Company shall fail to provide office facilities, secretarial
       services, and other administrative services to the Participant which are
       substantially equivalent to the facilities and services provided to the
       Participant at the initial date of the Participant's participation in
       the Plan; or

       (iv) Company shall terminate incentive and/or benefit plans or
       arrangements, or reduce or limit the Participant's participation
       therein, relative to the level of participation of other executives of
       similar rank, to such an extent as to materially reduce the aggregate
       value of the Participant's incentive compensation and/or benefits below
       their aggregate value as of the initial date of the Participant's
       participation in the Plan.

1.16 "MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS SUBACCOUNT" shall mean the bookkeeping account
established for a Participant under Section 5.3 of the Plan to which the
Company's Matching Contributions under Section 4.2 of the Plan are credited     
from time to time. For purposes of this definition, unless otherwise indicated
by the Plan, Matching Contribution Subaccount shall refer to both the Matching
Contribution Cash and Stock Subparts.

1.17 "PARTICIPANT" shall mean an Eligible Executive who has been selected by
the Committee to participate in the Plan.

1.18 "PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT" shall mean that Agreement entered into by a
Participant (as set forth in Exhibit A to the Plan) prior to participation in
the Plan.


                                       3

<PAGE>   7


1.19 "PLAN" shall mean the Union Planters Corporation 1996 Deferred
Compensation Plan for Executives, as set forth herein and as amended from time
to time.

1.20 "PRIOR PLAN" shall mean a nonqualified deferred compensation plan or
similar arrangement in which a Participant participated prior to the Plan and
through which the Participant reduced and deferred a portion on his or her
current taxable Salary and/or Bonus.

1.21 "SALARY" shall mean the regular annual base compensation paid by the
Company to a Participant (without regard to any reduction thereof pursuant to
the Plan, any 401(k) plan or Code Section 125 flexible benefits plan maintained
by the Company), exclusive of Bonus and any other incentive payments made by
the Company to such Participant.

1.22 "STOCK" shall mean common stock of the Company quoted on the New York
Stock Exchange, as identified by the symbol UPC.

1.23 "STOCK UNITS" shall mean the number of shares of Stock (carried to four
decimal places) credited to a Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching
Contribution or Supplemental Contribution Subaccounts in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4 of the Plan. Such credit shall be for
bookkeeping purposes only, with the number of Stock Units automatically
converted to cash prior to payment to a Participant. Under no circumstances
shall any shares of Stock be payable or distributable to a Participant under
the terms of the Plan, nor shall any Participant have any rights as a
shareholder of the Company based on those Stock Units allocated to his or her
Subaccounts.

In the event of a Change in Capital Stock, the Stock Units then credited to a
Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching Contribution or Supplemental
Contribution Subaccounts shall be appropriately adjusted, based on the
Committee's directions, to account for the change in number of issued and
outstanding shares of Stock. For these purposes a Change in Capital Stock shall
mean any increase or decrease in the number of shares of issued Stock resulting
from a subdivision or consolidation of shares, whether through reorganization,
recapitalization, stock split-up, stock distribution or combination of shares,
or the payment of a share dividend or other increase or decrease in the number
of such shares outstanding effected without receipt of consideration by the
Company.

1.24 "SUBACCOUNT" means the Deferred Compensation Cash and Stock Subparts, the
Matching Contributions Cash and Stock Subparts and/or the Supplemental
Contributions Cash and Stock Subparts, as the context requires.

1.25 "SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTIONS SUBACCOUNT" shall mean the bookkeeping account
established for the Participant under Section 5.4 of the Plan and to which the
Company's Supplemental Contributions under Section 4.3 of the Plan are
credited. For purposes of this definition, unless otherwise indicated by the
Plan, Supplemental Contributions Subaccount shall refer to both the
Supplemental Contributions Cash and Stock Subparts.




                                      4
<PAGE>   8


1.26 "UNFORESEEABLE EMERGENCY" shall mean any of the following: (i) a severe
financial hardship to the Participant resulting from a sudden and unexpected
illness or accident of or with respect to the Participant or a dependent of the
Participant, (ii) a loss of the Participant's property due to casualty, or
(iii) some other similar extraordinary unforeseeable circumstances arising as a
result of events beyond the control of the Participant.

1.27 "VOTING STOCK" shall mean that class (or classes) of common stock of the
Company entitled to vote in the election of the Company's directors.

1.28 "WEIGHTED AVERAGE CLOSING PRICE" shall mean the weighted closing price of
the Stock during the thirty-day period preceding the date of valuation. The
Weighted Average Closing Price shall be the result of (i) divided by (ii),
where:

       (i) shall equal the sum of the closing prices of Stock on each trading
       day during the thirty-day period preceding the date of valuation, and

       (ii) shall equal the actual number of trading days during the thirty-day
       period preceding the date of valuation.

1.29 "YEAR OF SERVICE" shall mean any calendar year of employment by the
Participant with Company (prior to and after the effective date of the Plan)
during which the Participant accumulates at least 1000 hours of service. For
these purposes, the provisions of Department of Labor Regulations 2530.200-2(b)
and (c) are incorporated herein by reference as they relate to the
determination of "hour of service."


                                   SECTION 2
                         ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

2.1 ELIGIBILITY. Individuals eligible to participate in the Plan shall consist
of the Eligible Executives of the Company.

2.2 PARTICIPATION. Participation in the Plan by Eligible Executives shall be
determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan. All Participants in the Plan shall, prior to
participation, execute a Participation Agreement as set forth in Exhibit A to
the Plan.

Once becoming a Participant in the Plan, an Eligible Executive shall continue
to participate in the Plan until such time as: (i) the Participant ceases to be
an Eligible Executive, or (ii) the Committee takes action to terminate the
Eligible Executive's right to continued participation in the Plan. Should an
individual cease to be a Participant under the provisions of (i) or (ii) above
while still employed by Company, any payment to Participant will be made in
accordance with the provisions of Section 7.1 upon the termination of
employment by the individual with Company.



                                      5

<PAGE>   9

                                   SECTION 3
                                 ADMINISTRATION

3.1 GENERAL POWERS OF ADMINISTRATION. The Plan shall be administered by the
Committee. The Committee is authorized to construe and interpret the Plan and
promulgate, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the
implementation, administration, and maintenance of the Plan.    Subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall make all determinations
necessary or advisable for the implementation, administration, and maintenance
of the Plan including, without limitation, determining the Eligible Executives
and correcting any technical defect(s) or technical omission(s), or reconciling
any technical inconsistencies, in the Plan.

The Committee may designate persons other than members of the Committee to
carry out the day-to-day ministerial administration of the Plan under such
conditions and limitations as it may prescribe; provided, however, that the
Committee shall not delegate its authority with regard to the determination of
Eligible Executives. The Committee's determinations under the Plan need not be
uniform and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not such
Participants are similarly situated. Any determination, decision, or action of
the Committee in connection with the construction, interpretation,
administration, implementation, or maintenance of the Plan shall be final,
conclusive, and binding upon all Participants and any person(s) claiming any
Plan benefits under or through any Participants.

3.2 COMPANY AS FIDUCIARY. Company is hereby designated as a fiduciary under the
Plan. Any decision by Company or the Committee denying a claim by Participant
or a Beneficiary for benefits under the Agreement shall be stated in writing
and shall be delivered or mailed to the Participant or Beneficiary. Such
statement shall set forth the specific reasons for the denial, written to the
best of the Company's ability in a manner that may be understood without legal
counsel. In addition, Company shall afford a reasonable opportunity to the
Participant or Beneficiary for a full and fair review of the decision denying
such claim.

Notwithstanding the above provisions of Section 3.2, to the extent that the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA") may require specific
procedures to be followed in the event of a denial of a claim, such provisions
of ERISA will be followed.

3.3 INDEMNIFICATION. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless the Committee
and each member thereof against any cost or expense (including, without
limitation, attorney's fees) or liability (including, without limitation, any
sum paid with the approval of the Company in settlement of a claim) arising out
of any act or omission to act, except in the case of willful gross misconduct
or gross negligence.



                                      6

<PAGE>   10


                                   SECTION 4
               DEFERRAL, MATCHING AND SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTIONS

4.1    DEFERRED COMPENSATION. Participants may defer all or a portion of their
Salary and/or Bonus earned during any calendar year, in accordance with the
following provisions.

       A.  DEFERRAL ELECTION. To defer compensation during any particular year,
       those Eligible Executives participating in the Plan must execute a
       Deferred Compensation Election Form ("Form") and file such Form with the
       Committee (or its designee).

       B.  TIMING OF ELECTION. In the year in which the Plan is first
       implemented (and in each succeeding calendar year), those Eligible
       Executives selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan must
       make an election to defer Salary and/or Bonus within 30 days after the
       later of: (i) the date the Eligible Executive is selected by the
       Committee to participate in the Plan, or (ii) the effective date of the
       Plan. Such election will only be effective for Salary and/or Bonus
       earned subsequent to such election.

       Once participating in the Plan, deferral elections by Participants
       during subsequent years shall be completed and filed with the Committee
       (or its designee) prior to the January 1 of the year to which such
       deferral election applies.

       C.  CONTENT OF DEFERRAL ELECTIONS. The following shall apply to all
       deferral elections:

           (i) All deferral elections shall contain a statement that the
           Participant elects to defer a portion of the Participant's Salary
           and/or Bonus for a specified calendar year and that is earned and
           becomes payable to the Participant after the filing of such deferral
           election;

           (ii) Except for the provisions of subsection (iii) below, any
           deferral election shall only apply to the Salary and/or Bonus that
           is attributable to the Participant's services rendered to the
           Company during the calendar year for which such election is made
           (whether or not such compensation is actually paid and received in
           such calendar year);

           (iii) If a Participant is currently deferring Salary and/or Bonus
           and fails to complete and return a Form prior to the January 1 of
           the calendar year to which such Form is to be effective, then the
           deferral election made by the Participant on the most recently filed
           Form shall be considered effective for the new calendar year; and

           (iv) A Participant may terminate a deferral election for the
           remaining portion of any calendar year by filing with the Committee
           (or its designee) written notice that any deferrals are to cease
           during such calendar year. Such notice shall be effective with
           respect to all Salary or Bonus earned and paid after the filing of
           such notice. Once any such notice is filed, the Participant must
           file a new Form with the Committee (or



                                      7

<PAGE>   11


           its designee) to recommence any deferral and may not resume
           any deferral of Salary and/or Bonus until the following year.

4.2    MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS. Provided the Participant is employed by the
Company, on the first business day of each month the Company shall credit to
the Participant's Matching Contribution Subaccount a matching contribution
equal to 25% of Salary and/or Bonus actually deferred under the Plan by the
Participant during the preceding month. Notwithstanding the above, no Matching
Contribution shall be made on any transfer to the Plan of Prior Plan deferred
amounts pursuant to Section 5.5 of the Plan.

4.3    SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTIONS. In its sole discretion, provided the
Participant is employed by the Company, the Company may, on the first business
day of any month, credit additional sums to the Participant's Supplemental
Contribution Subaccount. The amount of any such contributions shall be
determined by the Company in its sole discretion.


                                   SECTION 5
                             DEFERRAL PLAN ACCOUNTS

5.1    ESTABLISHMENT OF DEFERRAL PLAN ACCOUNTS. The Company shall establish a
Deferral Plan Account ("DPA") for each Participant. Each Participant's DPA
shall be comprised of Deferred Compensation Cash and Stock Subparts, Matching
Contribution Cash and Stock Subparts, and Supplemental Contribution Cash and
Stock Subparts.

5.2    DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT. Deferred Compensation Cash and Deferred
Compensation Stock Subparts shall be created under each Participant's Deferred  
Compensation Subaccount to which shall be credited all Salary and/or Bonus
amounts deferred by a Participant in accordance with Section 4.1 of the Plan.

       A.  INITIAL CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Deferred
       Compensation Cash and Stock Subparts shall be credited no less
       frequently than the first business day of each month with an amount
       equal to the sum of the Salary and/or Bonus deferred by the Participant
       during the preceding month in accordance with Section 4.1 of the Plan.

           (I) CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. The dollar amount of Salary and/or
           Bonus deferred shall be converted into Stock Units by dividing such
           dollar amount by the Weighted Average Closing Price of the Company's
           Stock which exists on the date such Salary and/or Bonus is credited
           to the Participant's Stock Subpart.

           (II) CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. The actual dollar amount of Salary
           and/or Bonus deferred shall be credited as cash to the Participant's
           Cash Subpart.



                                      8

<PAGE>   12

       B. EARNINGS CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Deferred
       Compensation Stock and Cash Subparts shall be credited with earnings
       amounts equal to the following.

           (I) EARNINGS CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. On each Dividend Payment Date,
           an amount equal to the sum of the cash dividends potentially payable
           on all Stock Units then allocated to the Participant's Deferred
           Compensation Stock Subpart shall be credited to such Subpart. The
           dollar amount of such cash dividends shall be converted into Stock
           Units by dividing such dollar amount by the Weighted Average Closing
           Price of the Company's Stock which exists on such Dividend Payment
           Date.

           (II) EARNINGS CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. On each December 31, the
           Current Earnings Rate (appropriately compounded) shall be multiplied
           by the dollar sum then allocated to the Participant's Deferred
           Compensation Cash Subpart. The resulting amount shall be credited to
           such Subpart.

5.3    MATCHING CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. Matching Contribution Cash and Matching
Contribution Stock Subparts shall be created under each Participant's Matching
Contribution Subaccount to which shall be credited all Matching Contributions
made in accordance with Section 4.2 of the Plan.

       A.  INITIAL CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Matching
       Contribution Cash and Stock Subparts shall be credited no less
       frequently than the first business day of each month with an amount
       equal to the Matching Contributions made in accordance with Section 4.2
       of the Plan .

           (I) CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. The dollar amount of Matching
           Contribution shall be converted into Stock Units by dividing such
           dollar amount by the Weighted Average Closing Price of the
           Company's Stock which exists on the date such Salary and/or Bonus is
           credited to the Participant's Stock Subpart.

           (II) CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. The actual dollar amount of Matching
           Contribution shall be credited as cash to the Participant's Cash
           Subpart.

       B.  EARNINGS CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Matching
       Contribution Stock and Cash Subparts shall be credited with earnings
       amounts equal to the following.

           (I) EARNINGS CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. On each Dividend Payment Date,
           an amount equal to the sum of the cash dividends potentially payable
           on all Stock Units then allocated to the Participant's Matching
           Contribution Stock Subpart shall be credited to such Stock Subpart.
           The dollar amount of such cash dividends shall be converted into
           Stock Units by dividing such dollar amount by the Weighted Average
           Closing Price of the Company's Stock which exists on such Dividend
           Payment Date.



                                      9
<PAGE>   13


           (II) EARNINGS CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. On each December 31, the
           Current Earnings Rate (appropriately compounded) shall be multiplied
           by the dollar sum then allocated to the Participant's Matching
           Contribution Cash Subpart. The resulting amount shall be credited to
           such Cash Subpart.

5.4 SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. Supplemental Contribution Cash and
Supplemental Contribution Stock Subparts shall be created under each
Participant's Supplemental Contribution Subaccount to which shall be credited
all Supplemental Contributions made in accordance with Section 4.3 of the Plan.

       A.  INITIAL CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Supplemental
       Contribution Cash and Stock Subparts shall be credited no less
       frequently than the first business day of each month with an amount
       equal to any Supplemental Contributions made in accordance with Section
       4.3 of the Plan.

           (I) CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. The dollar amount of Supplemental
           Contribution shall be converted into Stock Units by dividing such
           dollar amount by the Weighted Average Closing Price of the Company's
           Stock which exists on the date such Salary and/or Bonus is credited
           to the Participant's Stock Subpart.

           (II) CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. The actual dollar amount of
           Supplemental Contribution shall be credited as cash to the
           Participant's Cash Subpart.

       B.  EARNINGS CREDIT TO SUBACCOUNT. Each Participant's Supplemental
       Contribution Stock and Cash Subparts shall be credited with earnings
       amounts equal to the following.

           (I) EARNINGS CREDIT TO STOCK SUBPART. On each Dividend Payment Date,
           an amount equal to the sum of the cash dividends potentially payable
           on all Stock Units then allocated to the Participant's Supplemental
           Contribution Stock Subpart shall be credited to such Stock Subpart.
           The dollar amount of such cash dividends shall be converted into
           Stock Units by dividing such dollar amount by the Weighted Average
           Closing Price of the Company's Stock which exists on such Dividend
           Payment Date.

           (II) EARNINGS CREDIT TO CASH SUBPART. On each December 31, the
           Current Earnings Rate (appropriately compounded) shall be multiplied
           by the dollar sum then allocated to the Participant's Supplemental
           Contribution Cash Subpart. The resulting amount shall be credited to
           such Cash Subpart.

5.5 TRANSFER OF PRIOR PLAN DEFERRAL AMOUNTS TO DPAS. Should a Participant have
previously deferred a portion of his or her Salary and/or Bonus compensation
under a Prior Plan, then any amounts credited to a Participant's deferred
compensation account (or similar bookkeeping account) under the Prior Plan as
of the date of commencement of participation in the Plan by the Participant
shall be transferred to the Plan's Deferred Compensation Subaccount.  From such
date of transfer, the deferred compensation account (or similar bookkeeping
account) under the Prior Plan
                


                                     10
<PAGE>   14
shall cease to exist for purposes of paying any benefits under the
provisions of the Prior Plan and any benefits payable under the Prior Plan
shall henceforth be payable subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

                                   SECTION 6
                           VESTING OF DPA SUBACCOUNTS


6.1    VESTING. A Participant's Subaccounts shall vest in accordance with the
following.

       A. DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT. A Participant's Deferred
       Compensation Subaccount shall at all times be 100% Vested.

       B. MATCHING CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. A Participant's Matching
       Contribution Subaccount shall vest in accordance with the following
       schedule:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                Participant's Years of
                       Service                    Vested Percentage   
                ----------------------            -----------------   
                         <S>                            <C>            
                         1                               0%             
                         2                               0%             
                         3                               0%             
                         4                               0%             
                         5                              100%            
</TABLE>



       Notwithstanding the above vesting schedule under Section 6.1 (B), upon
       the following events, a Participant's Matching Contribution Subaccount
       shall become 100% vested: (i) the death or Disability of the
       Participant, (ii) a Change in Control of the Company, or (iii) the
       termination of employment by a Participant for Good Reason.

       C. SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. A Participant's Supplemental
       Contribution Subaccounts shall vest in accordance with the following
       schedule:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               Participant's Years of                                
                        Service                   Vested Percentage   
                ----------------------            -----------------   
                         <S>                             <C>             
                         1                                0%             
                         2                                0%             
                         3                                0%             
                         4                                0%             
                         5                               100%            
</TABLE>

       Notwithstanding the above vesting schedule under Section 6.1 (C), upon
       the following events, a Participant's Supplemental Contribution
       Subaccount shall become 100% vested: (i) the death or Disability of the
       Participant, (ii) a Change in Control of the Company, or (iii) the
       termination of employment by a Participant for Good Reason.


                                     11

<PAGE>   15


                                   SECTION 7
                            PAYMENT TO PARTICIPANTS

7.1   PAYMENT UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Once a Participant terminates
service with the Company (for whatever reason), the Participant (or, if
appropriate, his or her Beneficiary) will be entitled to payment of the vested
value of such Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching Contribution and
Supplemental Contribution Subaccounts as follows:

       A.  LUMP SUM DISTRIBUTION. An amount equal to the vested value of the
       Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching Contribution, and
       Supplemental Contribution Subaccounts shall be paid to the Participant:
       (1) in one lump sum distribution on the first business day of the second
       month following the Participant's termination of employment, or (2) in
       such manner as the Company and Participant mutually agree to in writing.

           (I) VALUATION OF DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT. For purposes of
           determining the payment from the Participant's Deferred Compensation
           Subaccount, the greater of the cash value of the Deferred
           Compensation Cash or Deferred Compensation Stock Subpart will be
           used for purposes of determining the amount of payment.

            To determine the cash value of the Participant's Deferred
       Compensation Stock Subpart, the number of Stock Units credited on the
       date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the Weighted
       Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To determine the value
       of the Participant's Deferred Compensation Cash Subpart, the cash amount
       credited to such Subpart on the date of termination of employment shall
       be utilized.

           (II) VALUATION OF MATCHING CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT.  For purposes of
           determining the payment from the Participant's Matching Contribution
           Subaccount, the greater of the cash value of the Matching
           Contribution Cash or Matching Contribution Stock Subpart will be
           used for purposes of determining the amount of payment.

            To determine the cash value of the Participant's Matching
       Contribution Stock Subpart, the number of Stock Units credited on the
       date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the Weighted
       Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To determine the value
       of the Participant's Matching Contribution Cash Account, the cash amount
       credited to such Subpart on the date of termination of employment shall
       be utilized.

           (III) VALUATION OF SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT.  For
           purposes of determining the payment from the Participant's
           Supplemental Contribution Subaccount, the greater of the cash value
           of the Supplemental Contribution Cash or



                                     12
<PAGE>   16


           Supplemental Contribution Stock Subpart will be used for purposes
           of determining the amount of payment.

            To determine the cash value of the Participant's Supplemental
       Contribution Stock Subpart, the number of Stock Units credited on the
       date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the Weighted
       Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To determine the value
       of the Participant's Supplemental Contribution Cash Account, the cash
       amount credited to such Subpart on the date of termination of employment
       shall be utilized.

       B. DEATH BEFORE PAYMENT OF BENEFITS. Should Participant die before the
       balance of the Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching
       Contribution and Supplemental Contribution Subaccounts have been paid to
       the Participant, then any remaining payments will be made to the
       Participant's Beneficiary in the same form and manner as they would have
       been made to the Participant under the provisions of Section 7.1(A) of
       the Plan.

7.2.   DISTRIBUTIONS IN CASES OF HARDSHIP. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 7.1 of the Plan, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, choose to
permit a Participant to withdraw amounts from his or her Deferred Compensation  
Subaccount upon a showing by such Participant that an Unforeseeable Emergency
has occurred. Such distributions shall be limited to the amount shown to be
necessary to meet the Unforeseeable Emergency, and no more than one withdrawal
will be permitted from a Participant's Deferred Compensation Subaccount during
each calendar year.

The dollar amount of any withdrawal shall reduce the value of both the
Participant's Deferred Compensation Cash and Stock Subparts. To determine the
cash value of the Participant's Deferred Compensation Stock Subpart on the date
of withdrawal of funds, the number of Stock Units credited on the date of
withdrawal of funds shall be multiplied by the Weighted Average Closing Price
of the Stock on such date. To determine the value of the Participant's Deferred
Compensation Cash Subpart on the date of withdrawal of funds, the cash amount
credited to such Subpart on such date shall be utilized.

Any amounts distributed to a Participant pursuant to a hardship withdrawal
shall be considered to be taxable wages to the Participant in the calendar year
of withdrawal.



                                   SECTION 8
                             PARTICIPANT STATEMENTS

8.1    PARTICIPANT STATEMENTS Each Participant shall be provided with the
following statements.

       A. ANNUAL PARTICIPANT STATEMENTS. At or within a reasonable period of
       time following the end of each calendar year, each Participant shall be
       provided with a statement showing the balances (vested and nonvested) in
       the Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching Contribution, and
       Supplemental Contributions Subaccounts, as follows.



                                     13
<PAGE>   17


           (I) DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT. The end of year balance in a
           Participant's Deferred Compensation Stock Subpart shall consist of
           the number of Stock Units allocated to the Participant's Stock
           Subpart at year end, multiplied by the Weighted Average Closing
           Price of the Stock on such date. The end-of-year balance in a
           Participant's Deferred Compensation Cash Subpart shall consist of
           the dollar amount of cash allocated to the Participant's Cash
           Subpart at year end.

           (II) MATCHING CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. The end-of-year balance in a
           Participant's Matching Contribution  Stock Subpart shall consist of
           the number of Stock Units allocated to the Participant's Stock
           Subpart at year end, multiplied by the Weighted Average Closing
           Price of the Stock on such date. The end-of-year balance in a
           Participant's Matching Contribution Cash Subpart shall consist of
           the dollar amount of cash allocated to the Participant's Cash
           Subpart at year end.

           (III) SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. The end-of-year balance
           in a Participant's Supplemental Contribution Stock Subpart shall
           consist of the number of Stock Units allocated to the Participant's
           Subpart at year end, multiplied by the Weighted Average Closing
           Price of the Stock on such date. The end of year balance in a
           Participant's Supplemental Contribution Cash Subpart shall consist
           of the dollar amount of cash allocated to the Participant's Cash
           Subpart at year end.

       B.  STATEMENT UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Within 30 days following
       the date of termination of employment by a Participant (for any reason),
       the Participant shall be provided with a statement showing the vested
       balances in the Participant's Deferred Compensation, Matching
       Contribution, and Supplemental Contributions Subaccounts, as follows.

           (I) DEFERRED COMPENSATION SUBACCOUNT. The balance in a Participant's
           Deferred Compensation Subaccount shall consist of the greater of the
           cash value of the Deferred Compensation Cash or Deferred
           Compensation Stock Subpart.

                To determine the cash value of the Participant's Deferred
           Compensation Stock Account, the number of Stock Units credited on
           the date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the
           Weighted Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To
           determine the value of the Participant's Deferred Compensation Cash
           Subpart, the cash amount credited to such Subpart on the date of
           termination of employment shall be utilized.

           (II) MATCHING CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. The balance in a
           Participant's Matching Contribution Subaccount shall consist of the
           greater of the cash value of the Matching Contribution Cash or
           Matching Contribution Stock Subpart.



                                     14
<PAGE>   18


                 To determine the cash value of the Participant's Matching
           Contribution Stock Subpart, the number of Stock Units credited on
           the date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the
           Weighted Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To
           determine the value of the Participant's Matching Contribution Cash
           Subpart, the cash amount credited to such Subpart on the date of
           termination of employment shall be utilized.

           (III) SUPPLEMENTAL CONTRIBUTION SUBACCOUNT. The balance in a
           Participant's Supplemental Contribution Subaccount shall consist of
           the greater of the cash value of the Supplemental Contribution Cash
           or Supplemental Contribution Stock Subpart.

                To determine the cash value of the Participant's Supplemental
           ContributionStock Subpart, the number of Stock Units credited on the
           date of termination of employment shall be multiplied by the
           Weighted Average Closing Price of the Stock on such date. To
           determine the value of the Participant's Supplemental Contribution
           Cash Account, the cash amount credited to such Subpart on the date
           of termination of employment shall be utilized.


                                   SECTION 9
                        AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN

9.1.   AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN. Any amendment to this Plan shall be
made pursuant to a resolution of the Board; provided, however, that if such     
amendment directly or indirectly affects the benefits payable under the Plan,
such amendment must be mutually agreed to in writing by Participant (or, in the
event that the Participant is deceased at the date of amendment, the
Beneficiary).


                                   SECTION 10
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.1   PARTICIPANT'S RIGHTS UNFUNDED. The Plan at all times shall be unfunded as
defined under provisions of the Code. The right of Participant or any
Beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder shall be an uninsured claim
against the general assets of Company in the event of the Company's insolvency
or bankruptcy.

Company shall implement a form of trust arrangement (known generally as a
"rabbi trust") to hold Company assets which will be used to make payments to
the Participant (or any Beneficiary) under the terms of the Plan. Such trust
arrangement will not be a "funded" arrangement under the provisions of the
Code, and a copy of such trust arrangement shall be included with this Plan as
Exhibit C.



                                     15
<PAGE>   19


10.2   INDEPENDENCE OF OTHER BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS. Participation in the Plan
shall in no way restrict or otherwise impact Participant's participation in any
other welfare benefit plan, employment or other contract, deferred compensation
arrangement, equity participation plan or any other form of retirement benefit
arrangement sponsored by Company.

10.3   NO SECURED GUARANTEE OF BENEFITS. In the event of the insolvency or
bankruptcy of Company, Participant shall remain a general creditor of the
Company with respect to any benefits payable under the Plan and nothing
contained in the Plan shall constitute a secured guaranty by Company or any
other person or entity that the assets of Company will be sufficient to pay any
benefit hereunder in the event of the Company's insolvency or bankruptcy.

10.4   NO ENLARGEMENT OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS. No Participant shall have any right to
receive a distribution of any benefits under the Plan except in accordance with
the terms of the Plan. Establishment of the Plan shall not be construed to give
any Participant the right to be retained in the service of Company.

10.5  SPENDTHRIFT PROVISION. No interest of any person or entity in, or right to
receive a distribution under, the Plan shall be subject in any manner to sale,
transfer, assignment, pledge, attachment, garnishment, or other alienation or
encumbrance of any kind; nor may such interest or right to receive a
distribution be taken, either voluntarily or involuntarily for the satisfaction
of the debts of, or other obligations or claims against, such person or entity,
including claims for alimony, support, separate maintenance and claims in
bankruptcy proceedings.

10.6  APPLICABLE LAW. The Plan shall be construed and administered under the
laws of the State of Tennessee.

10.7  SEVERABILITY. In the event that any of the provisions of the Plan are held
to be inoperative or invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, then: (i)
insofar as is reasonable, effect will be given to the intent manifested in the
provision held invalid or inoperative, and (ii) the validity and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of the Plan will not be affected thereby.

10.8  INCAPACITY OF RECIPIENT. If any person entitled to a distribution under
the Plan is deemed by Company to be incapable (physically or mentally) of
personally receiving and giving a valid receipt for any payment pursuant to the
Plan, then, unless and until claim therefore shall have been made by a duly
appointed guardian or other legal representative of such person, Company may
provide for such payment or any part thereof to be made to any other person or
institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and maintenance
of such person. Any such payment shall be a payment for the account of such
person and a complete discharge of any liability of Company and the Plan with
respect to such payment.

10.9  SUCCESSORS. The terms and conditions of the Plan will be binding on the
Company's and Participant's successors, heirs and assigns (herein, "Participant
Successors" and "Company Successors").



                                     16
<PAGE>   20


10.10  UNCLAIMED BENEFITS. Participant shall keep Company informed of his or her
current address and the current address of his or her Beneficiary. Company
shall not be obligated to search for the whereabouts of any person. If the
location of Participant is not made known to Company within a one (1) year
period after the date on which payment  is to be made under the provisions of
Section 7.1, then payment may be made by the Company to the Beneficiary
instead. If, within one (1) additional year after such initial one (1) year
period, Company is unable to locate any designated Beneficiary of the
Participant, then Company shall have no further obligation to pay any benefit
under the Plan to such Participant or designated Beneficiary and any such
benefit shall be irrevocably forfeited.

10.11  LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. Participant and any other person claiming
benefits under the Plan shall be entitled under this Plan only to those
payments provided in accordance with the provisions of the Plan ("Payment
Claims").  With the exception of the provisions of Section 10.13 of the Plan,
neither Company, Company Successor nor any individual acting as employee or
agent of Company or Company Successor shall be liable to Participant or any
other person for any other claim, loss, liability or expense under this Plan
not directly related to a Payment Claim.

10.12  FORFEITURE OF BENEFITS. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan,
should Participant engage in theft, fraud or embezzlement causing significant
property damage to Company, then any benefits payable to such Participant under
the Plan will automatically be forfeited. The determination of theft or
embezzlement will be made by the Board in good faith, but such determination
does not require an actual criminal indictment or conviction prior to or after
such decision. In any determination of forfeiture pursuant to this Section
10.12, Participant will be given the opportunity to refute any such decision by
the Board, but the Board's decision on the matter will be considered final and
binding on Participant and all other parties.

10.13  PAYMENT OF ATTORNEY'S FEES, COURT COSTS, AND INTEREST ON LOSS OF
BENEFITS.  Should either the Company or  Company Successor (for these purposes,
"Company") or Participant bring an action at law (or through arbitration) in
order that the Plan's terms be enforced, then the party prevailing in the
action at law (or through arbitration) shall be entitled to reimbursement from
the losing party for reasonable attorney's fees, court costs and other similar
amounts expended in the enforcement of the Plan. In addition, should the
prevailing party be Participant, he or she shall also be entitled to interest
on any delayed payments, with such interest computed at the Applicable Rate.

10.14  PAYMENT OF TAXES. Should the payment of any benefits under this Plan be
classified as payment of an excess parachute payment under the provisions of
Code Sections 280G and 4999, then an additional payment will be made to the
Participant based on the amount of excise tax or penalty payable by the
Participant because of such classification. Such payment will be made within
two (2) months following Participant's termination of employment, once a good
faith determination is made by either Company or Participant that the payment
of any benefit under the Plan will constitute an excess parachute payment. The
amount payable to the Participant will be calculated as follows: (amount of
excise tax or penalty payable by Participant) divided by (one (1) minus the
highest marginal income tax rate under the Code for individuals).



                                     17
<PAGE>   21


10.15  WITHHOLDING. There shall be deducted from all payments under the Plan the
amount of any taxes required to be withheld by any federal, state, or local
government. The Participants, any Beneficiaries, and personal representatives
shall bear any and all federal, foreign, state, local, income, or other taxes
imposed on amounts paid under the Plan.

10.16  PARTICIPANTS BOUND BY TERMS OF THE PLAN. Each Participant shall be
deemed conclusively to have accepted and consented to all terms of the Plan and
all actions or decisions made by the Company with regard to the Plan.
Such terms and consent shall also apply to and be binding upon any
Beneficiaries, personal representatives, and other Participant Successors of
each Participant. Each Participant shall receive a copy of the Plan.

10.17  EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE PLAN. The Plan shall be effective as of January 1,
1996.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Plan is hereby adopted by the Company on this  23rd
day of February, 1995.




                                        UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION


                                   By:  /s/  Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.
                                        -----------------------------

                               Title:  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer



                                     18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11
                                                                     PAGE 1 OF 2


                          UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                      COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           --------------------------------------------------------------          
                                                               1995                  1994                       1993
                                                           ------------          ------------               -------------
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
Primary Earnings Per Share
- --------------------------

Computation for Statement of Earnings
- -------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                     <C>                       <C>
Reconciliation of net earnings to amount                                                          
  used for primary earnings per share:                                                              
     Net earnings                                          $   135,402             $    65,861               $    99,603
     Less: Preferred stock dividends                                                        
               Series B                                           (352)                   (352)                     (352)
               Series C                                         (1,491)                                           (1,790)
               Series D                                           (165)                   (494)                     (494)
               Series E                                         (6,734)                 (6,216)                   (5,832)
               Preferred Stock of                                                          
                 acquired entity                                (1,361)                 (1,345)                   (1,345)
                                                           -----------             -----------               -----------
                                                                                                  
     Net earnings applicable to primary                                                           
       earnings per share                                  $   126,790             $    55,963               $    89,790
                                                           ===========             ===========               ===========
Reconciliation of weighted average number                                                         
  of shares to amount used in primary earnings                                                 
  per share computation:                                                                       
     Average shares outstanding                            $44,696,327             $43,475,322               $38,665,590
  Average common equivalent shares:                                                        
     Assumed exercise of options                               312,125                 265,277                   248,496
                                                           -----------             -----------               -----------
     Primary average shares outstanding                     45,008,452              43,740,599                38,914,086
                                                           -----------             -----------               -----------
Primary earnings per share                                 $      2.82             $      1.28               $      2.31
                                                           ===========             ===========               ===========
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   2

                                                                      EXHIBIT 11
                                                                     PAGE 2 OF 2

                          UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                      COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE



<TABLE>
<CAPTION> 
                                                                          YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          1995                       1994                     1993
                                                     ---------------            ---------------          ------------- 
                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share
- --------------------------------

Computation for Statement of Earnings
- -------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>                       <C>                     <C>       
Reconciliation of net earnings to amounts used for
  fully diluted earnings per share:
     Net earnings                                       $   135,402               $    65,861             $    99,603
       Less:  Preferred stock dividends
                  Series C                                        -                    (1,491)                 (1,790)
                  Series D                                        -                      (494)                      -
                  Series E                                        -                    (6,216)                      -
                  Preferred stock of
                    acquired entity                          (1,361)                   (1,345)                 (1,345)
                                                        -----------               -----------             -----------
     Net earnings applicable to fully
       diluted earnings per share                       $   134,041               $    56,315             $    96,468
                                                        ===========               ===========             ===========

Reconciliation of weighted average number of shares
  to amount used in fully diluted earnings
  per share computation:
    Average shares outstanding                           44,696,327                43,475,322              38,665,590
  Average common equivalent shares:
     Assumed exercise of options                            326,498                   267,554                 266,575
     Assumed conversion of preferred stock:
               Series B                                     339,768                   339,768                 339,768
               Series D                                     125,785                         -                 253,655
               Series E                                   4,129,709                         -               3,618,515
                                                        -----------               -----------             -----------
     Fully diluted average shares outstanding            49,618,087                44,082,644              43,144,103
                                                        ===========               ===========             ===========

Fully diluted earnings per share                        $      2.70               $      1.28             $      2.24
                                                        ===========               ===========             ===========
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                    EXHIBIT 13

                              1995 ANNUAL REPORT


                      [UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION LOGO]




<PAGE>   2
                                    UNION
                                   PLANTERS
                                 CORPORATION
                                    (Logo)


                             MARKET AREAS SERVED


                 TENNESSEE, MISSISSIPPI, MISSOURI, ARKANSAS,
                       LOUISIANA, ALABAMA, AND KENTUCKY


(Figure 1 - The inside front cover of Exhibit 13 (Union Planters Corporation's
Annual Report to Shareholders for 1995) contains a map of the states of
Tennessee, Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Kentucky
showing the counties and a parish where Union Planters Corporation affiliates
have banking locations and the headquarters for Union Planters Corporation.
<PAGE>   3
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                              FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
======================================================================================================
DECEMBER 31,                                                       1995           1994       % CHANGE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER
                                                                             SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>            <C>
FOR THE YEAR
  Net earnings                                                  $   135,402    $    65,861    105.59%
PER COMMON SHARE
  Net earnings
    Primary                                                     $      2.82    $      1.28    120.31%
    Fully diluted                                                      2.70           1.28    110.94
  Cash dividends                                                        .98            .88     11.36
  Book value                                                          19.24          16.08     19.65
AT YEAR END
  Assets                                                        $11,277,116    $10,985,020      2.66%
  Earning assets                                                 10,405,715     10,032,591      3.72
  Loans, net of unearned income                                   7,069,853      6,721,597      5.18
  Allowance for losses on loans                                     133,487        133,966      (.36)
  Deposits                                                        9,447,736      9,253,165      2.10
  Shareholders' equity                                              966,331        805,147     20.02
  Common shares outstanding (in thousands)                           45,447         43,774      3.82
KEY RATIOS
  Return on average assets                                             1.24%           .60%
  Return on average common equity                                     15.92           7.61
  Net interest income (taxable-equivalent) as a percentage of
    average earning assets                                             4.59           4.36
  Expense ratio                                                        1.94           2.29
  Efficiency ratio                                                    59.51          65.93
  Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of loans               1.89           1.99
  Nonperforming loans as a percentage of loans                          .48            .32
  Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and foreclosed
    properties                                                          .59            .43
  Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of
    nonperforming loans                                                 391            614
  Shareholders' equity to total assets                                 8.57           7.33
  Leverage ratio                                                       8.09           7.15
  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets                              12.64          11.88
  Total capital to risk-weighted assets                               16.35          14.27
======================================================================================================
</TABLE>
 
                                    CONTENTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              PAGE
                                                                                              ----
<S>                                                                                             <C>
Letter to Shareholders.....................................................................      2
Selected Financial Data....................................................................      4
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition......      5
Financial Tables...........................................................................     19
Selected Quarterly Data....................................................................     28
Banks and Communities Served...............................................................     31
Report of Management.......................................................................     32
Report of Independent Accountants..........................................................     33
Consolidated Financial Statements..........................................................     34
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.................................................     38
Executive Officers and Directors...........................................................     64
</TABLE>
 
                                        1
<PAGE>   4
 
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS
 
     We are pleased to report record annual net earnings for 1995 of $135.4
million, or $2.70 per fully diluted common share, compared to net earnings of
$65.9 million, or $1.28 per fully diluted common share for 1994. These results
include Capital Bancorporation, Inc. ("Capital"), a $1.1 billion Missouri bank
holding company, which was acquired on December 31, 1995 and was accounted for
as a pooling of interests.
 
     Return on average assets for the year was 1.24% and return on average
common equity was 15.92%. Excluding the Capital acquisition, return on average
assets and return on average common equity would have been 1.40% and 17.96%,
respectively, placing Union Planters in the top quartile of its peer group.
 
     Economic conditions remained favorable nationally and in the Mid-South. For
the full year 1995, net interest income was $447.4 million compared to $423.1
million in 1994. The increase is attributable to both loan growth and a higher
net interest margin. Average loans increased 14% for the year and the margin was
4.59% compared to 4.36% in 1994.
 
     In recent years the organization has enjoyed excellent credit quality and
an unusually low level of charge-offs and provisions. While 1995 charge-offs and
provisions were up from 1994, reflecting loan growth, acquisitions, a continuing
reduction in recoveries of prior year's charge-offs, and a slight shift in the
portfolio toward consumer lending, credit quality remains excellent and charges
are low compared to historical standards. The provision for losses on loans was
$22.2 million, or .32% of average loans, compared to a provision for losses on
loans of $4.9 million, or .08% of average loans for 1994. Net charge-offs for
the year were $25.5 million compared to $5.7 million in 1994.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the allowance for losses on loans was $133.5 million,
or 1.89% of loans. Nonperforming assets at December 31, 1995 were $41.9 million,
or .59% of loans and foreclosed properties, compared to $29.2 million, or .43%
of loans and foreclosed properties at year end 1994.
 
     For the year, noninterest income, excluding investment securities gains and
losses, increased 30% to $157.2 million. The increase was from service charges
on deposit accounts, bank card income, and profits and commissions from our
Small Business Administration loan packaging trading operations.
 
     Noninterest expenses for the year were $382.2 million, down $45.5 million
from 1994. The decrease was due to a decline in FDIC insurance expenses and
merger-related expenses. Also, 1994 included significant restructuring and other
charges which did not occur in 1995.
 
     Total assets at year end were $11.3 billion, total loans were $7.1 billion,
and total deposits were $9.4 billion. Shareholders' equity was $966 million and
equity to total assets and leverage ratios were 8.57% and 8.09%, respectively.
 
CAPITAL ACQUISITION
 
     We completed the acquisition of Capital at year end. Capital is
headquartered in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, which is approximately 170 miles from
Union Planters' headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee. Capital has adopted the
Union Planters name and operates six banks with 30 locations. The banks are
headquartered in Cape Girardeau, Sikeston, Perryville, Columbia, Clayton, and
Springfield, Missouri. Capital's Arkansas thrift was merged into Union Planters
Bank of Northeast Arkansas.
 
     This was an excellent opportunity for Union Planters to extend its banking
franchise into Missouri. Capital's geography is very complimentary to our
existing banking locations in Northwest Tennessee and Northeast Arkansas. Over
one-half of Capital's assets are in nearby Southeast Missouri. There was also an
excellent match with our community banking philosophy. Capital's subsidiary
banks are generally community banks which emphasize serving the needs of their
local communities and whose boards of directors consist of individuals who
reside in those communities.
 
     As a result of the Capital acquisition, we now serve customers with 405
banking locations in a 7 state area. The following is a breakdown of our loans
and deposits by state:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          LOANS      DEPOSITS
          STATE           (000'S)    (000'S)
  ----------------------  ------     --------
  <S>                     <C>         <C>
  Tennessee.............  $3,445      $4,901
  Mississippi...........   1,660       2,119
  Missouri..............     787         934
  Arkansas..............     552         734
  Louisiana.............     366         484
  Alabama...............     182         230
  Kentucky..............      78         101
</TABLE>
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   5
 
DIVIDEND INCREASE
 
     Our philosophy has been to maintain a dividend payout ratio of 30% to 40%
of earnings. The Board of Directors declared on January 18, 1996, a quarterly
dividend of $0.27 per share on Union Planters Corporation Common Stock. We are
pleased to announce this 8% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.25 to
$0.27 reflecting our strong capital position, higher core earnings, and our
confidence in future earnings.
 
OUTLOOK
 
     We are pleased with the Corporation's results for 1995. They exceeded our
internal budgets and met the expectations of management and the Board of
Directors. Each of our affiliate banks and all of our employees have worked very
hard to improve profitability and better serve our customers. Our restructuring
efforts which began approximately 18 months ago have produced significant
benefits and each of our banks has adopted a set of "best banking practices" to
help us maintain high efficiency and customer service levels.
 
     The banking industry is continuing to undergo significant change and
consolidation. Greater investor expectations have forced the industry to place
far more emphasis on efficiency, productivity, and return on equity than was
formerly the case. We want Union Planters to become the premier financial
institution within the Mid-South region as we continue to expand our customer
base through both internal growth and acquisitions. With size, we will be able
to afford the technology and systems necessary to allow us to remain current and
competitive in the evolving financial payment systems industry and to achieve
economies of scale in various services and product lines not available to
smaller institutions. We will continue to strive to become an efficient and
effective organization from the smallest branch within the system to the back
office of the Corporation.
 
     We welcome our new shareholders and invite you to participate in our
automatic dividend reinvestment program which offers a 5% discount and no
brokerage fees on share purchases.
 
     Thank you for your continued support.
 
Yours very truly,
 

/s/ BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS, JR.
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   6
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, (1)
                                                              ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 1995          1994          1993         1992         1991
                                                              -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
INCOME STATEMENT DATA
  Net interest income.......................................  $   447,431   $   423,114   $  375,033   $  305,211   $  256,537
  Provision for losses on loans.............................       22,231         4,894       17,950       29,071       35,960
  Investment securities gains (losses)......................          476       (20,298)       4,506       14,019        2,633
  Other noninterest income..................................      157,176       121,103      123,056      103,506       95,415
  Noninterest expense.......................................      382,164       427,697      346,450      297,665      255,906
                                                              -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Earnings before income taxes, extraordinary item, and
    accounting changes......................................      200,688        91,328      138,195       96,000       62,719
  Applicable income taxes...................................       65,286        25,467       41,168       27,048       14,443
                                                              -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
    changes.................................................      135,402        65,861       97,027       68,952       48,276
  Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of taxes....           --            --       (3,206)          --           --
  Accounting changes, net of taxes..........................           --            --        5,782           --           --
                                                              -----------   -----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Net earnings..............................................  $   135,402   $    65,861   $   99,603   $   68,952   $   48,276
                                                               ==========    ==========    =========    =========    =========
PER COMMON SHARE DATA(2)
  Primary
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes...............................................  $      2.82   $      1.28   $     2.24   $     1.75   $     1.35
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
      taxes.................................................           --            --         (.08)          --           --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes........................           --            --          .15           --           --
    Net earnings............................................         2.82          1.28         2.31         1.75         1.35
  Fully diluted
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes...............................................         2.70          1.28         2.18         1.73         1.35
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
      taxes.................................................           --            --         (.07)          --           --
    Accounting changes, net of taxes........................           --            --          .13           --           --
    Net earnings............................................         2.70          1.28         2.24         1.73         1.35
  Cash dividends............................................          .98           .88          .72          .60          .48
  Book value................................................        19.24         16.08        16.25        14.08        12.88
BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT PERIOD END)
  Total assets..............................................  $11,277,116   $10,985,020   $9,919,944   $8,331,073   $6,566,973
  Loans, net of unearned income.............................    7,069,853     6,721,597    5,293,850    4,193,149    3,613,945
  Allowance for losses on loans.............................      133,487       133,966      125,499      100,282       74,739
  Investment securities.....................................    2,774,890     3,084,110    3,431,081    2,935,665    1,864,871
  Deposits..................................................    9,447,736     9,253,165    8,445,760    7,171,191    5,698,062
  Short-term borrowings.....................................      241,023       455,010      300,414      343,452      244,513
  Long-term debt(3)
    Parent company..........................................      214,758       114,790      114,729       74,292       38,163
    Subsidiary banks........................................      270,500       241,218      212,149       38,463       18,790
  Total shareholders' equity................................      966,331       805,147      751,844      595,106      475,128
Average assets..............................................   10,954,895    10,948,979    9,706,356    7,586,827    6,555,009
Average shareholders' equity................................      899,615       850,934      707,788      551,650      442,756
Average shares outstanding (in thousands)
    Primary.................................................       45,008        43,741       38,914       35,463       34,569
    Fully diluted...........................................       49,618        44,083       43,144       38,307       34,922
PROFITABILITY AND CAPITAL RATIOS
  Return on average assets..................................         1.24%          .60%        1.03%         .91%         .74%
  Return on average common equity...........................        15.92          7.61        15.10        13.11        10.95
  Net interest income (taxable-equivalent) to average
    earning assets (4)......................................         4.59          4.36         4.40         4.57         4.48
  Loans/deposits............................................        74.83         72.64        62.68        58.47        63.42
  Common and preferred dividend payout ratio................        37.55         62.50        32.64        36.12        34.51
  Equity/assets (period end)................................         8.57          7.33         7.58         7.14         7.24
  Average shareholders' equity/average total assets.........         8.21          7.77         7.29         7.27         6.75
  Leverage ratio(5).........................................         8.09          7.15         7.21         7.07         7.06
  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets(5).................        12.64         11.88        13.10        12.85        11.66
  Total capital to risk-weighted assets(5)..................        16.35         14.27        15.74        14.83        13.80
ASSET QUALITY RATIOS
  Allowance/period end loans................................         1.89          1.99         2.37         2.39         2.07
  Nonperforming loans/total loans...........................          .48           .32          .58         1.22         1.01
  Allowance/nonperforming loans.............................          391           614          411          196          205
  Nonperforming assets/loans and foreclosed properties......          .59           .43          .78         1.58         1.60
  Provision/average loans...................................          .32           .08          .35          .72          .95
  Net charge-offs/average loans.............................          .36           .09          .28          .55          .92
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Reference is made to "Basis of Presentation" in Note 1 to the consolidated
    financial statements.
(2) Share and per share amounts have been retroactively restated for significant
    acquisitions accounted for as poolings of interests.
(3) Long-term debt includes subordinated notes and debentures, obligations under
    capital leases, mortgage indebtedness, and notes payable with maturities
    greater than one year. Subsidiary banks' long-term debt is primarily FHLB
    advances.
(4) Calculation does not include the impact of the unrealized gain or loss on
    available for sale securities.
(5) The risk-based capital ratios are based upon capital guidelines prescribed
    by Federal bank regulatory authorities. Under those guidelines, the required
    minimum Tier 1 and Total capital to risk-weighted assets ratios are 4% and
    8%, respectively. The required minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to
    total adjusted assets is 3% to 5% (5% for bank holding companies effecting
    acquisitions).
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   7
 
               MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF
                       OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
 
     This section of the Annual Report provides a narrative discussion and
analysis of the Corporation's results of operations and financial condition. The
discussion should be read with the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes and the financial tables at the end of this section. Note 1
to the consolidated financial statements provides a brief overview of the nature
of the Corporation's operations. The map on the inside front cover of this
report, Table 15, and the listing of Communities Served on page 31 provides
additional information regarding the size, locations, and markets served by the
Corporation's subsidiaries.
 
     The financial information contained in this discussion reflects the
December 31, 1995 acquisition of Capital Bancorporation, Inc. ("Capital"), a
$1.1 billion Missouri-headquartered bank holding company, in a transaction
accounted for as a pooling of interests. Accordingly, the financial information
included in this discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial
condition presents combined information of the two entities as if the
acquisition had been in effect for all periods.
 
EARNINGS OVERVIEW
 
     The Corporation reported record annual earnings for 1995 of $135.4 million,
or $2.70 per fully diluted common share, compared to net earnings of $65.9
million, or $1.28 per fully diluted common share for 1994, and $99.6 million, or
$2.24 per fully diluted common share in 1993. The record earnings level in 1995
resulted in a return on average assets of 1.24%, up from .60% and 1.03% in 1994
and 1993, respectively. The return on average common equity was 15.92% in 1995,
7.61% in 1994 and 15.10% in 1993.
 
     The results for 1995 were impacted by merger-related expenses incidental to
the Capital acquisition of $9.5 million after taxes (see Note 13 to the
consolidated financial statements). Excluding the impact of the merger-related
expenses, earnings for 1995 would have been $144.9 million.
 
     The improvement in operating results in 1995 as compared to 1994 relates to
the following: (i) a continued improvement in net interest income; (ii) a
decline in noninterest expenses related primarily to restructuring and other
charges in 1994 which did not recur in 1995, (iii) a reduction in merger-related
expenses of $3.0 million; (iv) a reduction of salaries and employee benefits
expense, as a result of implementation of the Corporation's 1994 restructuring
plan; (v) net investment securities losses of $20.3 million in 1994 compared to
$476,000 of net gains in 1995; and (vi) growth of noninterest income due
primarily to growth in service charges on deposit accounts, bank card income,
and profits and commissions from the Corporation's Small Business Administration
("SBA") trading operations. Partially offsetting these improvements was an
increase in the provision for losses on loans of $17.3 million to $22.2 million,
or .32% of average loans. The increase related primarily to loan growth,
acquisitions, and increasing charge-offs in the consumer loan portfolio,
primarily credit cards.
 
     Reported results for 1994 were reduced by approximately $52.0 million due
to the following items (after tax impact): (i) restructuring charges and
merger-related expenses of $29.2 million (see Note 13 to the consolidated
financial statements); (ii) investment securities losses of $13.1 million; and
(iii) consumer loan marketing program totaling $9.7 million. A favorable
litigation settlement of $1.3 million partially offset these items. Excluding
the impact of these items, earnings for 1994 would have been $116.6 million.
 
     Net earnings for 1993 included a net benefit of $2.6 million, or $.06 per
fully diluted common share, from the cumulative effect of certain accounting
changes partially offset by an extraordinary item related to the in-substance
defeasance of debt. Before these items, earnings would have been $97.0 million.
 
     The following sections more fully describe the changes in the Corporation's
results of operations. Table 1 which follows this discussion presents a
five-year summary of the Corporation's consolidated results separately
disclosing certain operating items discussed above. Additionally, Table 2
presents for the past five years the contribution to fully diluted earnings per
common share of the various components of net earnings.
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   8
 
ACQUISITIONS
 
     Acquisitions have been and are expected to continue to be a significant
part of the Corporation's overall business strategy. Over the past three years,
the Corporation has completed twenty-eight acquisitions adding approximately
$6.3 billion in total assets. The largest acquisitions, Grenada Sunburst System
Corporation ("Grenada"), a $2.5 billion bank holding company acquired December
31, 1994, and Capital, a $1.1 billion bank holding company, have enhanced the
Corporation's franchise by expanding the Corporation's operations in Mississippi
and into Missouri and Louisiana. Table 3 presents condensed balance sheet
information for the acquisitions completed in the last three years and Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding
those acquisitions.
 
     Management's philosophy has been to provide additional diversification of
the revenue sources and earnings of the Corporation through the acquisition of
well-managed financial institutions. The strategy generally targets in-market
institutions, institutions in contiguous markets, and institutions with
significant local market share.
 
     Where practicable, the Corporation permits an acquired institution to
remain a separate entity and to retain its local board of directors and
officers. Local independence in their day-to-day operations is encouraged to
allow the institutions to grow commensurate with their local markets. Certain
functions, such as data processing, investment management, payroll and benefits
administration, loan review, and audit, are centralized to allow the
institutions to focus on serving their customers. This strategy has made the
Corporation an attractive acquiror of financial institutions.
 
1994 RESTRUCTURING PLAN
 
     In connection with the acquisition of Grenada in 1994, management adopted a
specific plan of restructuring related to its operations in order to facilitate
the consolidation of the two organizations and to improve operating efficiencies
and profitability throughout the Corporation. The plan included a review of
branch operations to determine appropriate staffing levels and to determine
"best" practices for branch operations. Individual branch operations were
reviewed to determine whether certain branches should be consolidated, closed or
divested. Additionally, all sources of fee income were reviewed to identify new
opportunities for additional noninterest income. The net interest margin was
also evaluated to identify potential for improvement. A review was also made of
the operations of the Corporation and Grenada to identify consolidation
opportunities and efficiencies to be gained from combining the two companies.
Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements provides additional information
regarding this plan.
 
     Implementation of this plan resulted in the following pretax charges in
1994: (i) an early retirement and voluntary separation plan in which 388
employees elected to participate resulted in a charge of $12.5 million; (ii) an
involuntary separation plan was also developed which identified approximately
600 positions to be eliminated and resulted in a charge of $3.8 million; and
(iii) approximately 38 branches were identified for closure or divestiture
resulting in a charge of $10.5 million. No additional charges were incurred in
1995.
 
     The staff-reduction portion of this plan has resulted in the separation,
through December 31, 1995, of approximately 690 employees which is expected to
produce annual pretax expense savings of approximately $16 million. Some
additional reductions are expected in 1996, but they are not significant. At
December 31, 1995, the Corporation had employee severance reserves of $603,000
which are considered adequate by management to complete the remaining reductions
under the plan.
 
     In addition to the 38 branches identified for closure or divestiture,
during 1995 an additional seven branches were identified. Through December 31,
1995, 33 branches had been closed or divested and an additional 12 branches are
expected to be closed or divested under the plan subject to receiving regulatory
approval. At December 31, 1995, the reserve for branch closings was
approximately $2.7 million which is considered adequate by management to
complete the planned closings or divestitures.
 
     In addition to the above savings, implementation of this plan resulted in
an increase in noninterest income, primarily service charges on deposit
accounts, of approximately $16.1 million. See the "Noninterest Income"
discussion which follows.
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   9
 
     The changes implemented under this plan will be monitored by management on
an ongoing basis. Staffing levels will be monitored monthly and "best" practice
changes will be implemented as additional institutions are acquired. Management
is committed to maintaining the improved profitability that has resulted from
the changes that have been implemented.
 
REORGANIZATION OF BANKING SUBSIDIARIES
 
     In 1995 management implemented plans to internally merge and reorganize
certain of its banking subsidiaries and at the same time, change the names of
the institutions to Union Planters. At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had 47
banking subsidiaries. During 1995 and through February 29, 1996, the Corporation
acquired six banks in Missouri, one in Tennessee and four in Arkansas.
Additionally, in 1995 management effected a division of the principal subsidiary
of Grenada, Sunburst Bank, Mississippi, into five separate banks (three existing
and two new banks).
 
     As of February 29, 1996, the Corporation had 38 banking subsidiaries, a net
reduction of 22 entities. It is expected that the merger of these subsidiaries
with other subsidiaries in contiguous markets together with the name changes
made at the same time will produce operating efficiencies as the banks
capitalize on common advertising efforts and elimination of certain duplicate
operations.
 
                               EARNINGS ANALYSIS
 
NET INTEREST INCOME
 
     Net interest income is the principal source of earnings for the
Corporation. Net interest income is comprised of interest income and
loan-related fees less interest expense. Net interest income is affected by a
number of factors including the level, pricing, mix, and maturity of earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities; interest-rate fluctuations; and asset
quality. For purposes of this discussion, net interest income is presented on a
taxable-equivalent basis, which restates tax-exempt income to an amount that
would yield the same after-tax income had the income been subject to taxation at
the Federal statutory income tax rate. Reference is made to Tables 4 and 5 which
present the Corporation's average balance sheet and rate/volume analysis for
each of the three years ended December 31, 1995.
 
     Net interest income for 1995 was $464.8 million, a 5% increase over 1994.
Net interest income was $441.5 million and $392.4 million, respectively, in 1994
and 1993. The improvement in 1995 is attributable to loan growth, higher yields
from loans and investment securities, and a higher net interest margin. The
increase between 1993 and 1994 was attributable to a higher volume of earning
assets, predominately growth from acquisitions.
 
     The net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average
earning assets) for 1995 was 4.59%, an increase of 23 basis points over 4.36%
for 1994. For 1993, the net interest margin was 4.40%. The interest rate spread
improved 4 basis points in 1995 to 3.90% following a decline of 9 basis points
between 1993 and 1994.
 
     The Corporation has used, to a limited extent, interest-rate swaps to
manage certain elements of its interest-rate risk. Note 17 to the consolidated
financial statements provides details of the Corporation's interest-rate swaps.
The impact of these interest-rate swaps on net interest income was to reduce net
interest income $2.4 million in 1995 as compared to an increase in net interest
income of $1.4 million in 1994. The impact of the interest-rate swaps has been
substantially offset by corresponding changes in interest rates and yields
related to the underlying assets and liabilities. These interest-rate swaps are
not expected to have a significant impact on net interest income in 1996, since
the major portion of these swaps matured in January, 1996 and the remainder are
expected to mature by May, 1996.
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   10
 
INTEREST INCOME
 
     A breakdown of the components of average earning assets is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     1995       1994      1993
                                                                    ------     ------     -----
<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>
Average earning assets (in billions)..............................  $ 10.1     $ 10.1     $ 8.9
Comprised of:
  Loans...........................................................      69%        61%       57%
  Investment securities...........................................      27         36        38
  Other earning assets............................................       4          3         5
- ---------------
Yield earned on average earning assets............................    8.43%      7.38%     7.32%
</TABLE>
 
     Taxable-equivalent interest income increased $107.8 million in 1995 to
$854.1 million. The increase is attributable primarily to the 14% growth in
average loans for the year and the higher yields on earning assets, primarily
loans and investment securities. Overall, the yield on average earning assets
increased 105 basis points to 8.43% due to the rising interest-rate environment.
Average investment securities declined in 1995 as funds from the sales and
maturities of these securities were used to fund a portion of the loan growth.
In 1994, the $93.4 million increase in interest income was attributable to an
overall increase in average earning assets, primarily investment securities and
loans, due to acquisitions. Partially offsetting the increase in earning assets
in 1994 was a decline in the yields on loans and investment securities.
 
INTEREST EXPENSE
 
     A breakdown of the components of average interest-bearing liabilities is as
follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      1995      1994      1993
                                                                      -----     -----     -----
<S>                                                                   <C>       <C>       <C>
Average interest-bearing liabilities (in billions)..................  $ 8.6     $ 8.7     $ 7.7
Comprised of:
  Deposits..........................................................     92%       90%       93%
  Short-term borrowings.............................................      3         6         4
  FHLB advances and long-term debt..................................      5         4         3
- ---------------
Rate on average interest-bearing liabilities........................   4.53%     3.52%     3.37%
</TABLE>
 
     Interest expense increased 28% in 1995 to $389.3 million. The increase is
attributable to increased interest rates in all categories of interest-bearing
liabilities and is reflective of the interest-rate environment. Average
interest-bearing liabilities declined slightly between 1994 and 1995, short-term
borrowings having accounted for most of the decline. Loan growth was funded with
investment securities sales and maturities instead of growth of interest-bearing
liabilities. The reduction of interest-bearing liabilities discussed above was
partially offset by an increase in long-term debt attributable to a $100 million
subordinated debt offering effected in 1995 (see Note 9 to the consolidated
financial statements) and to growth of interest-bearing deposits. The increase
in interest expense between 1993 and 1994 was attributable to growth of average
interest-bearing liabilities due primarily to acquisitions and to increased
interest rates in almost all categories.
 
PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The Corporation's asset-quality indicators remained at acceptable levels in
1995. Loan growth, acquisitions, and an increasing level of charge-offs in the
consumer loan portfolio resulted in an increase in the provision for losses on
loans of $17.3 million to $22.2 million, or .32% of average loans, in 1995. This
compares to a provision for losses on loans of $4.9 million, or .08% of average
loans, in 1994, and $18.0 million, or .35% of average loans, in 1993.
Approximately $6.3 million of the increase in the provision for losses on loans
in 1995 related to Capital. Net charge-offs for 1995 of $25.5 million were $3.3
million higher than the provision for losses on loans. See the "Allowance for
Losses on Loans" discussion for additional information regarding the provision
for losses on loans.
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   11
 
NONINTEREST INCOME
 
  Investment Securities Gains and Losses
 
     In 1995, net investment securities gains were insignificant. The
Corporation recognized net investment securities losses in 1994 of $20.3 million
and had net investment securities gains of $4.5 million in 1993. The significant
level of losses in 1994 related to a partial restructuring of the available for
sale portfolio in response to rising interest rates and to fund current and
anticipated loan growth.
 
  Other Noninterest Income
 
     Noninterest income, excluding investment securities gains and losses, was
$157.2 million in 1995 compared to $121.1 million in 1994, an increase of 30%.
The improvement related to three primary areas: (i) service charges on deposit
accounts increased $16.1 million to $71.6 million; (ii) bank card income
increased $9.2 million to $20.1 million; and (iii) profits and commissions from
SBA broker/dealer activities increased $3.8 million to $10.4 million. The
components of noninterest income are presented in the consolidated statement of
earnings and in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
 
     The improvement in service charges on deposit accounts resulted from the
Corporation's 1994 restructuring plan in which an evaluation of banking services
was made with a view to implementing "best" practices in all areas. As a result,
the Corporation's banking subsidiaries evaluated their practices related to
service charges on deposit accounts and increased certain fees (primarily
overdraft fees), implemented new fees, and reduced the number of fees being
waived. A small portion of the increase arose from acquisitions. The level of
these fees in the future is expected to stabilize and future increases, if any,
are not expected to be as large as in 1995. Between 1993 and 1994 these fees
increased $6.1 million due primarily to acquisitions, lower credit rates on
corporate demand deposit accounts, and to a lesser extent, an increase in fees.
 
     The growth in bank card income in 1995 related to the increased volume of
credit cards outstanding as a result of a 1994 consumer loan marketing program.
In 1994 and 1995, this program added approximately $264 million of credit card
receivables. Additional marketing efforts are planned over the next twelve
months which are expected to add approximately 100,000 accounts and increase the
amount of loans outstanding by approximately $80 to $120 million. If these
levels should be achieved, additional increases in bank card income will occur;
however, the increases are not expected to be as great as in 1995. Future
revenue levels are dependent on the credit card usage levels and the number of
cards outstanding.
 
     The increase in profits and commissions from trading activities is related
primarily to the SBA broker/dealer operations. This operation purchases, pools,
and securitizes the government-guaranteed portions of SBA loans. Revenues from
these operations are volatile and future levels cannot be predicted with any
certainty. During 1995, favorable market conditions provided the opportunity for
higher volumes of activity and a significant increase in revenues. The decrease
in these revenues between 1993 and 1994 was due primarily to a decrease in
activity in the SBA trading operation and partially to a decline in the
broker/dealer operations of an acquired subsidiary.
 
NONINTEREST EXPENSE
 
     Noninterest expense in 1995 was $382.2 million, a decrease of $45.5 million
from $427.7 million in 1994. Noninterest expense in 1993 was $346.4 million. As
discussed previously, noninterest expense in 1994 was significantly impacted by
$58.2 million of charges related to the 1994 restructuring plan, merger-related
expenses, and a consumer loan marketing program. The restructuring charges and
the consumer loan marketing program did not recur in 1995. Merger-related
expenses totaled $11.9 million in 1995, a decline of $3.0 million from 1994.
Noninterest expense in 1993 included charges totaling $10.1 million attributable
to provisions for data processing systems conversions, accelerated amortization
and write-off of intangibles, provisions for litigation settlements, and
merger-related expenses. These operating expenses are separately identified in
Table 1.
 
                                        9
<PAGE>   12
 
     Excluding the above-described operating expenses, noninterest expenses in
1995 increased $793,000 to $370.3 million, an increase of less than 1%.
Noninterest expenses in 1994 and 1993 would have been $369.5 and $336.3 million,
respectively.
 
     The largest component of noninterest expense, salaries and employee
benefits expense, declined $3.9 million in 1995 to $171.3 million. The decrease
is attributable to the 1994 restructuring plan which resulted in a net reduction
in 1995 of approximately 690 employees. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation
had 5,104 full-time-equivalent employees compared to 5,516 at December 31, 1994
(restated for the Capital acquisition). The decline in the number of employees
was partially offset by acquisitions in 1995 and growth of existing operations,
primarily in the credit card operations. From 1993 to 1994, salaries and
employee benefit expense increased $11.5 million to $175.2 million. The increase
was attributable primarily to employees added as a result of acquisitions.
 
     Equipment expense was $30.2 million in 1995, a 5% increase from 1994's
total of $28.7 million, and compared to $26.0 million in 1993. Occupancy expense
decreased $849,000 in 1995 to $27.2 million. This compares to $28.0 million and
$25.4 million, respectively, in 1994 and 1993. FDIC insurance expense declined
$7.9 million in 1995 to $12.3 million, which compares to $20.2 million and $19.6
million, respectively, in 1994 and 1993. The decline in FDIC insurance expense
relates to a decrease in the assessment on Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF") deposits
from $.23 per $100 of deposits per year to $.04, effective June 1, 1995. FDIC
insurance expense is expected to be reduced further in 1996, since the FDIC has
reduced the current assessment for BIF-insured, well-capitalized banks to $2,000
annually per bank. Institutions with Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF")
deposits will continue to be assessed at $.23 per $100 of deposits per year for
well-capitalized institutions. All of the Corporation's subsidiaries are
currently considered well-capitalized institutions. See the "Special Regulatory
Assessment" discussion which follows.
 
     Management is committed to controlling the growth of noninterest expenses
as demonstrated by its implementation of the 1994 restructuring plan. The
reductions that have been achieved in 1995 are being monitored monthly.
 
SPECIAL REGULATORY ASSESSMENT
 
     There are several bills currently under consideration by Congress the
purpose of which is to provide additional financing for the SAIF and to provide
interest payments on Financing Corporation ("FICO") bonds issued in connection
with earlier efforts to support the then failing thrift industry. A common
feature of the proposed bills is a one-time special assessment ranging from 85
to 90 basis points on all deposits insured by the SAIF ($.85 to $.90 per $100 of
covered deposits). The special assessment may be less for SAIF-insured deposits
held by banks (sometimes referred to as "Oakar Deposits"). In addition to the
special assessment on SAIF deposits, the bills also contemplate a special
assessment on deposits which are insured by the BIF. This assessment on
BIF-insured deposits presumably would be to provide financial support to pay
interest on FICO bonds. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation's subsidiaries
held approximately $1.4 billion in SAIF-insured deposits, approximately $1.0
billion of which were Oakar Deposits. Should the proposed legislation be adopted
at the levels indicated, the Corporation would be required to recognize as an
expense aggregate SAIF assessments at the time the legislation is passed.
Assuming a one-time assessment of $.90 per $100 of SAIF-insured deposits, the
estimated impact would be approximately $7 million after taxes. This impact
would be reduced if Oakar Deposits should be assessed at a lower rate.
 
TAXES
 
     Applicable income taxes consist of provisions for Federal and state income
taxes totaling $65.3 million in 1995, an effective rate of 32.5%. This compares
to applicable income taxes of $25.5 million in 1994 and $41.2 million in 1993
(in the case of 1993, before an extraordinary item and the cumulative effect of
accounting changes). These amounts equate to effective tax rates of 27.9% and
29.8%, respectively, in 1994 and 1993. The variances from statutory rates (35%
for all three years) are attributable to tax-exempt income from investment
securities and loans and the effect of state income taxes. For additional
information regarding the Corporation's effective tax rates for all periods, see
Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
 
                                       10
<PAGE>   13
 
     The realization of approximately $7.3 million of the net deferred tax asset
of $39.1 million is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
sufficient to offset future deductions. Management believes that, based upon
historical earnings and anticipated future earnings, normal operations will
continue to generate sufficient future taxable income to realize all of these
benefits. Therefore, no extraordinary strategies are deemed necessary by
management to generate sufficient income for purposes of realizing the net
deferred tax asset.
 
     The criteria for recognition of net deferred tax assets for regulatory
capital purposes are more stringent than for financial statement purposes and
allow only limited anticipation of future taxable income. Accordingly, $2.2
million of the Corporation's net deferred tax asset does not qualify as capital
for regulatory purposes.
 
                          FINANCIAL CONDITION ANALYSIS
 
     At December 31, 1995, the Corporation reported $11.3 billion of total
assets compared to $11.0 billion ($10.0 billion prior to restatement for the
Capital acquisition) at the end of 1994. At year end Union Planters Corporation
was the second-largest independent bank holding company headquartered in
Tennessee. Average assets were $11.0 billion in 1995, compared to $10.9 billion
and $9.7 billion, respectively, in 1994 and 1993.
 
INVESTMENT SECURITIES
 
     The Corporation's investment securities portfolio of $2.8 billion at
December 31, 1995, consisted entirely of available for sale securities which are
carried on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. These securities had
net unrealized gains at year end of $34.7 million. At December 31, 1994, the
investment portfolio was $3.1 billion comprised of $1.9 billion of available for
sale securities and $1.2 billion of held to maturity securities which were
carried on the consolidated balance sheet at amortized cost. The decrease in the
amount of investment securities in 1995 was due to the additional funding
required to support loan growth during the year. Note 4 to the consolidated
financial statements provides the composition of the portfolio and a breakdown
of the maturities of the portfolio at year end.
 
     Effective September 30, 1995, the Corporation transferred approximately
$1.0 billion of held to maturity securities to the available for sale securities
portfolio. The transfer included all of the Corporation's held to maturity
securities portfolio and management is unable at this time to predict if or when
the Corporation will again maintain a held to maturity securities portfolio. The
transfer had no impact on earnings. The transfer was made in response to the
following specific factors which arose during the third quarter of 1995 and led
management and the Board of Directors to change its intent to hold these
securities to maturity: (i) The success of the Corporation's 1994 credit card
solicitation became apparent in the third quarter of 1995 as the introductory
rate stage ended. This growth was funded primarily by available for sale
securities. (ii) A decision was made during the third quarter to engage in an
additional credit card solicitation which is expected to increase loans by
approximately $80 to $120 million. Funding will be provided from securities
sales. (iii) The Corporation is engaged in an internal reorganization of its
banking subsidiaries and requires flexibility to restructure the balance sheets
of these subsidiaries. (iv) The Corporation's acquisition of Capital became
probable in the third quarter of 1995 (consummated at year end). Funding of loan
opportunities in the Missouri markets served by Capital can be provided by sales
of available for sale securities. Overall this transfer will provide the
additional funding sources necessary to manage specific interest-rate and
liquidity considerations which all of these factors present.
 
     During December, 1995, Capital moved all of the securities in its held to
maturity securities portfolio to the available for sale securities portfolio.
Management anticipates that as additional financial institutions are acquired,
their held to maturity securities, if any, will be transferred to the available
for sale securities portfolio to conform to the Corporation's accounting
policies and management's lack of intent to hold securities to maturity.
 
     U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government agency obligations represented
approximately 78% of the investment securities portfolio at December 31, 1995.
The Corporation has some credit risk in the
 
                                       11
<PAGE>   14
 
investment securities portfolio, however, management does not consider that risk
to be significant and does not believe that cash flows will be significantly
impacted.
 
     The REMIC and CMO issues held in the investment securities portfolio are
96% U.S. Government agencies issues; the remaining 4% are readily marketable,
collateralized mortgage obligations backed by agency-pooled collateral or whole
loan collateral. All nonagency issues held are currently rated "AAA" by either
Standard & Poors or Moodys. Approximately 62% of the REMIC and CMO portions of
the portfolio is in floating-rate issues, the majority being indexed to LIBOR or
PRIME. Normal practice is to purchase investment securities at or near par value
to reduce risk of premium write-offs resulting from unexpected prepayments. The
limited credit risk in the investment securities portfolio consists of the
holdings of municipal obligations; nonagency CMOs and mortgage-backed
securities; and corporate stocks, notes, debentures and mutual funds which
accounted for 18.4%, 1.0%, and 2.6%, respectively, of the investment securities
portfolio at December 31, 1995.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had approximately $44.4 million of
structured notes (as currently defined by regulatory agencies), which
constitutes approximately 1.6% of the investment securities portfolio.
Structured notes have uncertain cash flows which are driven by interest-rate
movements and may expose a company to greater market risk than traditional
medium-term notes. All of the Corporation's investments of this type are
government agency issues (primarily Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal National
Mortgage Association). The structured notes vary in type but primarily include
step-up bonds and index-amortizing notes. These securities had an unrealized
loss of $376,000 at December 31, 1995. The market risk of these securities is
not considered material to the Corporation's financial position, results of
operations, or liquidity.
 
LOANS
 
     At December 31, 1995, loans were $7.1 billion which compares to $6.7
billion at year end 1994. Average loans for 1995 were $7.0 billion compared to
$6.1 billion and $5.1 billion, respectively, for 1994 and 1993. The
Corporation's loan to deposit ratio was 75% at December 31, 1995, compared to
73% at the end of 1994. For 1995, loans were 69% of the Corporation's average
earning assets compared to 61% and 57%, respectively, for 1994 and 1993.
 
     Table 7 provides the composition of the loan portfolio for each of the last
five years. The largest component of the portfolio is loans secured by single
family residential mortgages which totaled $2.3 billion at December 31, 1995, or
33% of the loan portfolio. Consumer loans were the second-largest component and
included home equity loans of $167 million, or 2% of the loan portfolio; credit
cards and related plans of $387 million, or 5% of the loan portfolio; and other
consumer loans which totaled $1.1 billion, or 16% of the portfolio. Commercial,
financial, and agricultural loans and other real estate loans (primarily
commercial real estate loans), represented $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion,
respectively, of the portfolio at year end which constituted 20% and 18%,
respectively, of the portfolio. Real estate construction loans were $323 million
at December 31, 1995, or 5% of the portfolio. Direct lease financing represented
1% of the portfolio at December 31, 1995, or $60 million.
 
     The growth in 1995 related primarily to consumer loans, and in particular
credit card loans, and was directly related to a consumer loan marketing
program. Loans outstanding arising from the 1994 marketing program were $264
million and $145 million, respectively, at December 31, 1995 and 1994, and
accounted for almost all of the increase in this category of loans. All other
consumer loans increased $120.5 million. Commercial, financial, and agricultural
loans declined $61.0 million year to year due primarily to a decline in
commodity loans. Between 1994 and 1995, real estate construction loans and
direct lease financing increased $31.0 million and $19.9 million, respectively.
 
     Management expects slower loan growth in 1996. Additional consumer loan
marketing efforts are planned which are projected to further increase consumer
loans by approximately $80 to $120 million. Loan growth and loan quality will
continue to be emphasized by all of the Corporation's subsidiary banks. Loan
growth opportunities will be dependent on the local economies in which the banks
operate.
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   15
 
ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The allowance for losses on loans (the "allowance") at December 31, 1995
was $133.5 million, or 1.89% of loans, which compares to $134.0 million, or
1.99% of loans, at December 31, 1994. Management's policy is to maintain the
allowance at a level deemed sufficient to absorb estimated losses in the loan
portfolio. The allowance is reviewed quarterly according to the methodology
described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Tables 8 and 10
provide detailed information regarding the allowance for each of the last five
years.
 
     Net charge-offs for 1995 were $25.5 million, or .36% of average loans,
which was an increase of $19.8 million from 1994. Net charge-offs as a
percentage of average loans were .09% and .28%, respectively, in 1994 and 1993.
The increase related predominately to consumer loans which increased $14.0
million ($10.2 million credit card related and $3.8 million other consumer
loans). The increase in credit card charge-offs is consistent with the growth in
the portfolio discussed earlier and the increase in other consumer loans is
consistent with industry trends. Commercial, financial, and agricultural net
charge-offs increased $3.9 million.
 
     Further increases in credit card charge-offs in 1996 are expected and this
will likely result in an increase in the provision for losses on loans.
Management expects that the newly acquired credit card portfolio will begin to
season and mature as the balances phase out of the introductory rate. Losses are
expected to stabilize about 18 months after the issuance of the cards, which
will be mid-1996 for the loans arising from the 1994 marketing program.
Additional marketing efforts were initiated in 1995 and will continue in 1996
which will also impact the level of losses.
 
     The level of charge-offs in the other segments of the loan portfolio are
dependent upon economic conditions in the markets in which these loans are made
which makes it difficult to predict the level of the charge-offs. The provision
for losses on loans is expected to increase commensurate with loan growth in
addition to the factors discussed above.
 
LOAN CONCENTRATIONS
 
     Management believes that the loan portfolio is adequately diversified. The
loan portfolio is spread over seven states (Tennessee, Mississippi, Missouri,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Kentucky). Reference is made to Table 15 which
provides total loans by subsidiary and by state at December 31, 1995. At
December 31, 1995, the Corporation had no concentrations of loans to a single
industry equaling 10% or more of total loans.
 
     The largest concentration of loans is in single family residential loans,
comprising 33% of the loan portfolio, which historically have had low loss
experience. Management has emphasized diversification between large and
smaller-sized loans in an effort to lessen risk in the portfolio. At December
31, 1995, the Corporation's largest loan relationship was $23.2 million and
there were only 28 relationships of $10 million or more, which constituted in
the aggregate less than 5% of the total loan portfolio.
 
NONPERFORMING ASSETS
 
     Nonperforming assets are comprised of nonaccrual loans, restructured loans,
other real estate owned, and other foreclosed properties. At December 31, 1995,
nonperforming assets were $41.9 million, or .59% of loans and foreclosed
properties. This compares to $29.2 million, or .43% of loans and foreclosed
properties, at December 31, 1994. Table 9 presents a summary of nonperforming
assets for each of the last five years.
 
     Nonperforming loans (consisting of nonaccrual loans and restructured loans)
were $34.2 million, or .48% of loans, at December 31, 1995 which compares to
$21.8 million, or .32% of loans, at December 31, 1994. The increase relates to
nonaccrual loans which increased $13.3 million. Loans 90 days or more past due
increased $12.0 million to $18.3 million, or .26% of loans, at December 31,
1995. This compares to $6.3 million, or .09% of loans at December 31, 1994.
Credit card loans and other consumer loans accounted for approximately 70% of
the increase.
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   16
 
     A breakdown of nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and not
on nonaccrual status is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 LOANS 90 DAYS
                                                        NONACCRUAL LOANS        OR MORE PAST DUE
                                                       ------------------      ------------------
                                                          DECEMBER 31,            DECEMBER 31,
                                                       ------------------      ------------------
                      LOAN TYPE                         1995       1994         1995       1994
- -----------------------------------------------------  -------    -------      -------    -------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
Secured by single family residential.................  $12,149    $ 6,806      $ 5,084    $ 2,786
Secured by nonfarm nonresidential....................    5,037      3,182          383        314
Other real estate....................................    4,578        944          560        320
Commercial, financial, and agricultural, including
  direct lease financing.............................    7,848      7,039        2,468      1,138
Credit card and related plans........................       15         65        5,269        277
Other consumer.......................................    3,220      1,496        4,553      1,437
                                                       -------    -------      -------    -------
          Total......................................  $32,847    $19,532      $18,317    $ 6,272
                                                       =======    =======      =======    =======
</TABLE>
 
     Asset quality indicators are currently at acceptable levels although there
has been an increase in nonperforming and past due loans. There may be some
additional increase in nonperforming asset levels, however, no significant
increases are anticipated.
 
POTENTIAL PROBLEM ASSETS
 
     Potential problem assets consist of assets which are generally secured and
are not currently considered nonperforming and include those assets where
information about possible credit problems has caused management to have serious
doubts as to the ability of the borrowers to comply with present repayment
terms. Historically, such assets have been loans which have ultimately become
nonperforming. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had potential problem
assets (all loans) aggregating $15.6 million, comprised of 30 loans, the largest
being $5.8 million.
 
OTHER EARNING ASSETS
 
     Other earning assets include interest-bearing deposits at financial
institutions, federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to
resell, trading account assets, and loans held for resale. At December 31, 1995,
these assets totaled $561 million, 5.39% of the Corporation's earning assets.
This compares to $227 million, or 2.26% of earning assets at December 31, 1994.
 
     The increase over 1994 is attributable to an increase in federal funds sold
as a temporary investment of the Corporation's excess liquidity. The other
significant component of this category was trading account assets which
represents the government-guaranteed portions of SBA loans. Management considers
the interest-rate and credit risk related to all of these assets to be minimal.
 
DEPOSITS
 
     The Corporation's deposit base is its primary source of liquidity and
consists of deposits from the communities served by the Corporation. At December
31, 1995, the Corporation had the largest deposit base of any independent bank
holding company headquartered in Tennessee. Tables 4 and 6 present the
components of the Corporation's average deposits.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had total deposits of $9.4 billion,
an increase of 2% over December 31, 1994. Average deposits were $9.3 billion in
1995 compared to $9.1 billion and $8.4 billion, respectively, in 1994 and 1993.
The growth has been primarily in noninterest bearing deposits, other time
deposits, and certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over and is attributable
primarily to acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, total deposits have declined
in each of the last three years. Approximately $90 million of the decline
relates to the sale of certain branches required as a condition to receiving
prior regulatory approval to consummate the acquisition of Grenada. As shown
below there has been no significant shift in the mix of deposits.
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   17
 
     The composition of average deposits over the last three years was as
follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          TYPE OF DEPOSITS                            1995       1994       1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------  ----       ----       ----
<S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Noninterest-bearing deposits........................................   14%        14%        14%
Money market deposits...............................................   15         17         22
Savings deposits....................................................   20         21         16
Other time deposits.................................................   43         41         40
Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over........................    8          7          8
</TABLE>
 
CAPITAL AND DIVIDENDS
 
     Shareholders' equity increased $161.2 million in 1995 to $966.3 million, or
8.57% of total assets at December 31, 1995. This compares to shareholders'
equity of $805.1 million, or 7.33% of total assets at December 31, 1994. The
primary sources of growth in shareholders' equity in 1995 were the retention of
net earnings of $84.6 million, the positive impact of the net change in the
unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities of $50.1 million, and
net stock transactions in connection with acquisitions, the dividend
reinvestment plan, and employee benefit plans of $26.5 million. The consolidated
statement of changes in shareholders' equity details the changes in equity for
the last three years.
 
     The fair-value adjustment of the Corporation's available for sale
securities portfolio, which is recorded net of taxes as a component of
shareholders' equity, may change significantly as market conditions change. At
December 31, 1994, the adjustment resulted in a reduction of shareholders'
equity of $28.7 million compared to an increase of $21.4 million at December 31,
1995, a net change of $50.1 million. Further volatility in shareholders' equity
may occur in the future as market conditions change. This adjustment is excluded
from the calculation of regulatory capital.
 
     The Corporation and its subsidiaries must comply with the capital
guidelines established by the regulatory agencies that supervise their
operations. These agencies have adopted a system to monitor the capital adequacy
of all insured financial institutions. The system includes ratios based on the
risk-weighting of on- and off-balance-sheet transactions. If an institution's
ratios should fall below certain levels, it would become subject to regulatory
actions. The system the agencies have adopted classifies institutions into five
capital categories ranging from well-capitalized to critically undercapitalized.
The well-capitalized category requires a leverage ratio of at least 5%, a Tier 1
capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6%, and a total capital to
risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 10%. Table 13 presents the Corporation's
regulatory capital ratios for the last three years. At December 31, 1995, the
Corporation and all of its insured financial institutions qualified as
well-capitalized institutions.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the Corporation's leverage ratio was 8.09% and its
Tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted assets capital ratios were 12.64% and
16.35%, respectively, which are well above the regulatory minimums. These ratios
compare to 7.15%, 11.88%, and 14.27%, respectively, at December 31, 1994. The
improvement in these ratios is attributable to the continued profitability of
the Corporation. The total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio increased
significantly due to the issuance of $100 million of subordinated capital notes
in the fourth quarter of 1995 which qualified as Tier 2 capital. Reference is
made to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional
information regarding these notes.
 
     The Corporation declared dividends on its Common Stock of $39.9 million in
1995 and $20.1 million in 1994. On a per share basis, this represented an 11%
increase to $.98 per share for 1995 compared to $.88 per share in 1994.
Effective January 18, 1996, the regular quarterly dividend on the Corporation's
Common Stock was increased by the Board of Directors by 8% to $.27 per share
($1.08 per share annually). Dividends declared on the Corporation's Preferred
Stocks outstanding in 1995 totaled $7.3 million compared to $8.6 million in
1994. The reduction was due to the redemption of one series of preferred stock
and the conversion of another series of preferred stock to common stock. Various
institutions acquired by the Corporation paid common and preferred dividends
prior to acquisition, which are detailed in the consolidated statement of
changes in shareholders' equity.
 
     The primary sources of dividends paid by the Corporation to its
shareholders are dividends and management fees received from its subsidiaries,
interest on investment securities, and interest on loans to subsidiaries.
Payment of dividends by the Corporation's banking subsidiaries is subject to
various statutory limitations which are described in Note 12 to the consolidated
financial statements.
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   18
 
Reference is made to the "Liquidity" discussion for additional information
regarding the parent company's liquidity.
 
ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT
 
     The Corporation's assets and liabilities are principally financial in
nature and the resultant earnings thereon, primarily net interest income, are
subject to changes as a result of changes in interest rates and the mix of the
various assets and liabilities. Interest rates in the financial markets impact
the Corporation's decisions on pricing its assets and liabilities which impacts
net interest income, the Corporation's primary cash flow stream. As a result,
the substantial part of the Corporation's risk management activities are devoted
to managing interest-rate risk.
 
  Interest-Rate Risk
 
     One of the most important aspects of management's efforts to sustain
long-term profitability for the Corporation is the management of interest-rate
risk. Management's goal is to maximize net interest income within acceptable
levels of interest-rate risk and liquidity. To achieve this goal, a proper
balance must be maintained between assets and liabilities with respect to size,
maturity, repricing, rate of return, and degree of risk.
 
     The Corporation's Funds Management Committee oversees the conduct of global
asset/liability management. The Committee reviews the asset/liability structure
and interest-rate risk of each subsidiary and the consolidated Corporation at
least quarterly. Each subsidiary is granted autonomy in managing its balance
sheet, however, the Corporation requires each subsidiary to establish policies
for proper conduct of its balance sheet management. These policies must contain,
at a minimum, limits on interest-rate sensitivity, guidelines for liquidity
management, and capital-level guidelines.
 
     The Corporation uses interest-rate sensitivity ("GAP") analysis to monitor
the amount and timing of balances exposed to changes in interest rates, as shown
in Table 11. The analysis has been made at a point-in-time and could change
significantly on a daily basis. The GAP report alone cannot be used to evaluate
the impact of or predict how the Corporation is positioned to react to changing
interest rates. Other methods such as simulation analysis are used to measure
interest-rate risk.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the GAP report indicated that the Corporation was
asset sensitive with $539 million more assets than liabilities repricing within
one year. At 5% of total assets, this position was within management's
guidelines of 10% of total assets. Generally, this position would indicate that
over the course of one year a downward trend in interest rates will negatively
impact net interest income.
 
     Balance sheet simulation analysis has been conducted at year end to
determine the impact on net interest income for the coming twelve months under
several interest-rate scenarios. One such scenario uses rates at December 31,
1995, and holds the rates and volumes constant for simulation. When this
position is subjected to immediate and parallel shifts in interest rates ("rate
shock") of 200 basis points rising and 200 basis points falling, the annual
impact on the Corporation's net interest income was a positive $29.5 million and
a negative $33.9 million pretax, respectively. Another simulation uses a "most
likely" scenario of rates falling 50 basis points resulting in a $6.0 million
pretax decrease in net interest income from the constant rate/volume projection.
These scenarios are within the Corporation's policy limit of 5% of shareholders'
equity.
 
     The actual impact of changing interest rates on net interest income is
dependent on a number of factors such as the growth of earning assets, the mix
of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the magnitude of the
interest-rate changes, the timing of the repricing of assets and liabilities,
interest-rate spreads, and the asset/liability strategies implemented by
management.
 
  Liquidity
 
     Liquidity for the Corporation is its ability to meet cash flow requirements
for deposit withdrawals, to make new loans and satisfy loan commitments, to take
advantage of attractive investment opportunities, and to repay borrowings when
they mature. As discussed previously, the Corporation's primary source of
liquidity is its deposit base, available for sale securities and other earning
assets (as
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   19
 
previously defined). Liquidity is also achieved through short-term borrowings,
borrowing under available lines of credit, and issuance of securities and debt
instruments in the marketplace.
 
     Parent company liquidity is maintained by dividends from subsidiaries,
interest on advances to subsidiaries, interest on the available for sale
securities portfolio, and management fees charged to subsidiaries. The number of
financial institutions owned by the Corporation provides a diversified base for
the payment of dividends should one or more of the subsidiaries have capital
needs and be unable to pay dividends to the parent company. At December 31,
1995, the parent company had cash and short-term investments totaling $78.2
million. The parent company's net working capital position at December 31, 1995
was $252.1 million.
 
     At January 1, 1996, the parent company could have received dividends from
subsidiaries of $35.0 million without prior regulatory approval. The payment of
additional dividends will be dependent on the future earnings of the
subsidiaries. Management believes that the parent company has adequate liquidity
to meet its cash needs, including the payment of its regular dividends,
servicing of its long-term debt and cash needed for acquisitions.
 
     At December 31, 1995, the parent company had no outstanding lines of credit
and had no commercial paper outstanding. In November 1995, the parent company
issued $100 million of 6 3/4% Subordinated Capital Notes (see Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements). The notes qualify as Tier 2 capital. The
proceeds are available for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition
of other financial institutions.
 
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET INSTRUMENTS
 
     The Corporation, on a limited basis, uses off-balance-sheet financial
instruments to manage interest-rate risk. Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements presents detailed information regarding the Corporation's
off-balance-sheet exposure.
 
     The Corporation entered into certain interest-rate swaps for purposes other
than trading during 1993 to synthetically alter the repricing and maturity
characteristics of certain on-balance-sheet assets and liabilities. Other than
the variable maturity feature of the interest-rate swap related to loans, the
interest-rate swaps are straightforward and noncomplex. The Corporation's total
notional amount outstanding at December 31, 1995 was $200 million. In 1995,
management terminated certain outstanding FHLB advances and the related
interest-rate swap in connection with the reorganization of one of the
Corporation's subsidiaries. The impact of termination was not significant. On
January 5, 1996, $109 million of the $150 million loan swap outstanding at year
end matured. Management does not consider its remaining interest-rate swaps ($91
million notional amount at January 5, 1996) significant and it is considered
likely that these swaps will mature by May of 1996.
 
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
     The disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments are
included in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements along with a
summary of the methods and assumptions used by the Corporation in determining
fair value. The differences between the fair values and book values are caused
primarily by differences between contractual and market interest rates.
Fluctuations in the fair values will occur from period-to-period due to changes
in the composition of the balance sheet and changes in interest rates.
Management does not use the fair-value information disclosed in Note 18 to
manage the Corporation. Other methods, including the asset/liability management
philosophy discussed previously, are used. Comparisons of the fair-value
information with other financial institutions may not be meaningful due to the
different assumptions used in determining fair value.
 
FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS
 
     The Corporation reported net earnings of $25.3 million, or $.50 per fully
diluted common share, for the fourth quarter of 1995 compared to a net loss of
$14.6 million, or $.39 per fully diluted common share, in 1994. Reference is
made to Table 14 for a summary of the Corporation's quarterly operating results
for the past two years.
 
     As discussed earlier, the fourth quarter 1995 results included the
acquisition of Capital and the merger-related expenses of $9.5 million after-tax
incurred in connection with the acquisition. Results
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   20
 
for the fourth quarter of 1994 included a $27.2 million after-tax charge related
to the Grenada merger and the restructuring of operations of the Corporation and
a $9.7 million after-tax expense related to a consumer loan marketing program.
Fourth quarter 1994 results also included an after-tax loss of $8.4 million on
available for sale securities sold. Earnings before these charges would have
been $34.8 million in 1995 compared to $30.7 million for the fourth quarter of
1994.
 
     Net interest income was $114.0 million for the fourth quarter of 1995, 3.7%
higher than the fourth quarter of 1994. The net interest margin was 4.57%, 12
basis points higher than 1994. The interest-rate spread was 3.85%, a decrease of
three basis points from the fourth quarter of 1994. The improvement resulted
from loan growth and a higher net interest margin. Average loans increased 10.4%
compared to the fourth quarter of 1994.
 
     Noninterest income, excluding investment securities transactions, increased
$11.7 million to $40.9 million for the fourth quarter of 1995 compared to the
same period in 1994. The increase was from service charges on deposit accounts,
bank card income, and profits and commissions from the SBA trading operations.
The fourth quarter of 1995 included investment securities gains of $320,000
which compares to investment securities losses of $12.5 million for the same
period in 1994.
 
     Noninterest expense for the quarter was $103.9 million compared to $150.3
million for the fourth quarter of 1994. The decrease relates to a decline in
FDIC deposit insurance expense and merger-related expenses in 1995. Also, 1994
included significant restructuring and other charges which did not recur in
1995.
 
IMPACT OF PROPOSED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
 
     In March 1995, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 121, "Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed
Of " which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1995. This
statement addresses situations where information indicates that a company might
be unable to recover, through future operations or sales, the carrying amount of
long-lived assets, identifiable intangibles, and goodwill related to those
assets. A company must first determine whether existing conditions indicate an
impairment might exist. If an indicator of impairment should exist, the company
must determine if impairment exists using undiscounted cash flow analysis. If
impairment exists, the company must determine the amount of impairment using
discounted cash flow analysis. The Corporation adopted this standard
prospectively on January 1, 1996. The adoption of SFAS No. 121 is not expected
to have a material impact on the Corporation, since the Corporation's existing
policies for determining impairment of assets are similar to the new standard.
 
     In October 1995, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
1995. This statement defines a fair-value based method of accounting for
employee stock options or similar equity instruments and encourages all entities
to adopt that method of accounting for all of their employee stock compensation
plans. However, it also allows an entity to continue to measure compensation for
those plans using the intrinsic value based method currently prescribed by
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 provided certain pro forma
disclosures are made that disclose what the impact on net earnings would have
been had the company adopted the accounting provisions of SFAS No. 123. The
Corporation plans to continue the current accounting and make the disclosures
required by SFAS No. 123. Therefore, there will be no impact on the Corporation
from adopting this standard.
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   21
 
                   TABLE 1.  SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                     1995        1994        1993        1992        1991
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Interest income..................................  $ 836,682   $ 727,965   $ 635,546   $ 554,209   $ 570,245
Interest expense.................................   (389,251)   (304,851)   (260,513)   (248,998)   (313,708)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
NET INTEREST INCOME..............................    447,431     423,114     375,033     305,211     256,537
PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON LOANS....................    (22,231)     (4,894)    (17,950)    (29,071)    (35,960)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON
  LOANS..........................................    425,200     418,220     357,083     276,140     220,577
NONINTEREST INCOME
  Service charges on deposit accounts............     71,611      55,551      49,490      37,750      35,931
  Bank card income...............................     20,103      10,953      10,393       8,787       7,808
  Mortgage servicing income......................      9,835       9,621       9,595       9,753       8,337
  Trust service income...........................      8,010       7,990       7,643       6,921       6,944
  Profits and commissions from trading
    activities...................................     10,441       6,639      13,787      13,417      15,875
  Other income...................................     37,176      28,149      31,247      23,365      20,520
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         Total noninterest income................    157,176     118,903     122,155      99,993      95,415
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
NONINTEREST EXPENSE
  Salaries and employee benefits.................    171,325     175,218     163,711     125,769     116,576
  Net occupancy expense..........................     27,192      28,041      25,393      20,793      18,196
  Equipment expense..............................     30,156      28,698      25,989      20,331      18,209
  Other expense..................................    141,580     137,503     121,226     106,273      90,304
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         Total noninterest expense...............    370,253     369,460     336,319     273,166     243,285
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         EARNINGS BEFORE OTHER OPERATING ITEMS,
           INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY ITEM, AND
           ACCOUNTING CHANGES....................    212,123     167,663     142,919     102,967      72,707
OTHER OPERATING ITEMS
  Investment securities gains (losses)...........        476     (20,298)      4,506      14,019       2,633
  Restructuring charges..........................         --     (28,929)         --          --          --
  Merger-related expenses........................    (11,911)    (14,862)     (2,113)         --          --
  Consumer loan marketing program expenses.......         --     (14,446)         --          --          --
  Gain on sale of collateral related to a
    troubled debt restructuring..................         --          --         901       3,513          --
  Write-off of intangibles.......................         --          --      (1,209)         --      (1,053)
  Accelerated amortization of mortgage servicing
    rights.......................................         --          --        (500)     (8,200)         --
  Accelerated amortization of other
    intangibles..................................         --          --      (1,385)     (1,649)         --
  Provisions for conversion of data processing
    systems......................................         --          --      (4,424)         --          --
  Provisions for abandoned property..............         --          --          --      (5,200)     (1,643)
  Provisions for litigation settlements..........         --          --        (500)     (9,450)     (9,925)
  Favorable litigation settlement................         --       2,200          --          --          --
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES,
           EXTRAORDINARY ITEM, AND ACCOUNTING
           CHANGES...............................    200,688      91,328     138,195      96,000      62,719
Applicable income taxes..........................    (65,286)    (25,467)    (41,168)    (27,048)    (14,443)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         EARNINGS BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM AND
           ACCOUNTING CHANGES....................    135,402      65,861      97,027      68,952      48,276
Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
  taxes..........................................         --          --      (3,206)         --          --
Accounting changes
  Postretirement/postemployment benefits.........         --          --      (5,907)         --          --
  Income taxes...................................         --          --      11,689          --          --
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
         NET EARNINGS............................  $ 135,402   $  65,861   $  99,603   $  68,952   $  48,276
                                                   ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   22
 
           TABLE 2.  CONTRIBUTION TO FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   -----------------------------------------------
                                                    1995      1994      1993      1992      1991
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net interest income -- FTE.......................  $  9.37   $ 10.01   $  9.10   $  8.31   $  7.68
Provision for losses on loans....................    (0.45)    (0.11)    (0.42)    (0.76)    (1.03)
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Net interest income after provision for losses on
  loans -- FTE...................................     8.92      9.90      8.68      7.55      6.65
Noninterest income
  Service charges on deposit accounts............     1.44      1.26      1.15      0.99      1.03
  Bank card income...............................     0.41      0.25      0.24      0.23      0.22
  Mortgage servicing income......................     0.20      0.22      0.22      0.25      0.24
  Trust service income...........................     0.16      0.18      0.18      0.18      0.20
  Profits and commissions from trading
     activities..................................     0.21      0.15      0.32      0.35      0.45
  Investment securities gains (losses)...........     0.01     (0.46)     0.10      0.37      0.08
  Other income...................................     0.75      0.69      0.75      0.70      0.58
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Total noninterest income...............     3.18      2.29      2.96      3.07      2.80
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Noninterest expense
  Salaries and employee benefits.................    (3.45)    (3.97)    (3.79)    (3.28)    (3.34)
  Net occupancy expense..........................    (0.55)    (0.64)    (0.59)    (0.54)    (0.52)
  Equipment expense..............................    (0.61)    (0.65)    (0.60)    (0.53)    (0.52)
  Other expense..................................    (3.09)    (4.44)    (3.05)    (3.42)    (2.95)
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Total noninterest expense..............    (7.70)    (9.70)    (8.03)    (7.77)    (7.33)
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Earnings before income taxes -- FTE,
            extraordinary item, and accounting
            changes..............................     4.40      2.49      3.61      2.85      2.12
Applicable income taxes -- FTE...................    (1.67)    (0.99)    (1.36)    (1.05)    (0.74)
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Earnings before extraordinary item and
            accounting changes...................     2.73      1.50      2.25      1.80      1.38
Extraordinary item and accounting changes, net of
  taxes..........................................       --        --      0.06        --        --
Preferred stock dividends........................    (0.03)    (0.22)    (0.07)    (0.07)    (0.03)
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Net earnings...........................  $  2.70   $  1.28   $  2.24   $  1.73   $  1.35
                                                   =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
Change in net earnings applicable to fully
  diluted earnings per share using previous year
  average shares outstanding.....................  $  1.76   $ (0.93)  $  0.78   $  0.55   $  0.24
Change in average shares outstanding.............    (0.34)    (0.03)    (0.27)    (0.17)     0.05
                                                   -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
          Change in net earnings.................  $  1.42   $ (0.96)  $  0.51   $  0.38   $  0.29
                                                   =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
Average fully diluted shares (in thousands)......   49,618    44,083    43,144    38,307    34,922
                                                   =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
FTE -- Fully taxable-equivalent
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   23
 
     TABLE 3.  ACQUISITIONS -- BALANCES AT RESPECTIVE DATES OF ACQUISITION
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           1995                                  1994                      1993
                            ----------------------------------   ------------------------------------   ----------
                             CAPITAL      OTHERS      TOTAL       GRENADA       OTHERS       TOTAL        TOTAL
                            ----------   --------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                            (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                         <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
ASSETS
  Interest-bearing
    deposits at financial
    institutions..........  $    2,199   $    168   $    2,367   $      996   $   31,712   $   32,708   $   16,998
  Loans, net of unearned
    income................     829,162     94,516      923,678    1,737,970      712,597    2,450,567      649,153
  Allowance for losses on
    loans.................     (18,356)    (1,361)     (19,717)     (33,068)     (11,120)     (44,188)     (16,607)
                            ----------   --------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
         Net loans........     810,806     93,155      903,961    1,704,902      701,477    2,406,379      632,546
  Investment securities...     118,518     50,855      169,373      518,506      366,677      885,183      422,187
  Intangible assets.......       9,075      6,533       15,608        7,960       11,897       19,857       18,188
  Cash and cash
    equivalents...........     120,273     18,252      138,525      166,123       95,010      261,133      119,424
  Other real estate owned,
    net...................       2,494         96        2,590        2,945        1,554        4,499        3,371
  Premises and equipment..      25,864      3,309       29,173       42,247       23,603       65,850       27,797
  Other assets............      15,840      2,896       18,736       74,292       21,237       95,529       19,178
                            ----------   --------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
         TOTAL ASSETS.....  $1,105,069   $175,264   $1,280,333   $2,517,971   $1,253,167   $3,771,138   $1,259,689
                            ==========   =========  ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
LIABILITIES
  Deposits................  $  987,564   $151,080   $1,138,644   $2,259,813   $1,086,155   $3,345,968   $1,111,644
  Other interest-bearing
    liabilities...........      30,682         --       30,682       56,286       35,677       91,963       18,903
  Other liabilities.......      12,004      4,032       16,036       28,150       16,686       44,836       17,575
                            ----------   --------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
         TOTAL
           LIABILITIES....  $1,030,250   $155,112   $1,185,362   $2,344,249   $1,138,518   $3,482,767   $1,148,122
                            ==========   =========  ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
PURCHASE PRICE/CAPITAL
  CONTRIBUTION/EQUITY AT
  RESPECTIVE DATES OF
  ACQUISITION FOR
  POOLINGS................  $   74,819   $ 20,152   $   94,971   $  173,722   $  114,649   $  288,371   $  111,567
                            ==========   =========  ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
Amounts are balances of the institutions acquired at their respective dates of
acquisition except for certain poolings of interest which were not considered
significant and whose balances are as of January 1 of the year in which they
were acquired. (See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information.)
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   24
 
           TABLE 4.  AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET AND AVERAGE INTEREST RATES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                     --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 1995                            1994                            1993
                                     -----------------------------   -----------------------------   ----------------------------
                                                  INTEREST   FTE                  INTEREST   FTE                 INTEREST   FTE
                                       AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/     AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/    AVERAGE    INCOME/   YIELD/
                                       BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE      BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE     BALANCE    EXPENSE    RATE
                                     -----------  --------  ------   -----------  --------  ------   ----------  --------  ------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                  <C>          <C>        <C>     <C>          <C>        <C>     <C>         <C>        <C>
ASSETS
  Interest-bearing deposits at
    financial institutions.......... $    25,172  $  1,910   7.59%   $    13,631  $    734   5.38%   $   49,715  $  1,862   3.75%
  Federal funds sold and securities
    purchased under agreements to
    resell..........................     210,405    12,095   5.75        108,611     4,472   4.12       196,855     6,175   3.14
  Trading account assets............     165,677    12,774   7.71        161,634     9,143   5.66       121,412     6,194   5.10
  Investment securities (1) and (2)
    Taxable securities..............   2,227,868   137,453   6.17      3,153,331   162,012   5.14     2,950,136   157,896   5.35
    Tax-exempt securities...........     507,460    47,190   9.30        533,456    49,629   9.30       476,301    45,815   9.62
                                     -----------  --------           -----------  --------           ----------  --------
        Total investment
          securities................   2,735,328   184,643   6.75      3,686,787   211,641   5.74     3,426,437   203,711   5.95
  Loans, net of unearned income (1),
    (3), and (4)....................   6,990,400   642,650   9.19      6,143,761   520,329   8.47     5,122,490   435,020   8.49
                                     -----------  --------           -----------  --------           ----------  --------
        Total earning assets (1),
          (2), (3), and (4).........  10,126,982   854,072   8.43     10,114,424   746,319   7.38     8,916,909   652,962   7.32
                                                  --------                        --------                       --------
  Cash and due from banks...........     442,308                         433,705                        410,335
  Premises and equipment............     229,573                         235,879                        204,447
  Allowance for losses on loans.....    (135,451)                       (135,846)                      (123,635)
  Other assets......................     291,483                         300,817                        298,300
                                     -----------                     -----------                     ----------
        Total assets................ $10,954,895                     $10,948,979                     $9,706,356
                                      ==========                      ==========                      =========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Money market accounts............. $ 1,422,443  $ 44,539   3.13%   $ 1,561,226  $ 38,434   2.46%   $1,847,202  $ 43,372   2.35%
  Savings deposits..................   1,806,409    48,795   2.70      1,913,837    44,906   2.35     1,330,731    32,602   2.45
  Certificates of deposit of
    $100,000 and over...............     706,998    41,889   5.92        627,273    25,449   4.06       672,715    25,170   3.74
  Other time deposits...............   3,981,746   212,636   5.34      3,705,467   153,783   4.15     3,361,729   136,875   4.07
  Short-term borrowings.............     233,950    12,825   5.48        503,731    21,300   4.23       286,146     8,203   2.87
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances...     282,847    16,672   5.89        217,587    10,847   4.99       131,246     5,363   4.09
  Long-term debt
    Subordinated capital notes......     129,995    10,337   7.95        116,272     8,547   7.35        81,126     7,447   9.18
    Other...........................      19,688     1,558   7.91         20,061     1,585   7.90        21,478     1,481   6.90
                                     -----------  --------           -----------  --------           ----------  --------
        Total interest-bearing
          liabilities...............   8,584,076   389,251   4.53      8,665,454   304,851   3.52     7,732,373   260,513   3.37
  Noninterest-bearing demand
    deposits........................   1,338,300        --             1,322,040        --            1,153,003        --
                                     -----------  --------           -----------  --------           ----------  --------
        Total sources of funds......   9,922,376   389,251             9,987,494   304,851            8,885,376   260,513
                                                  --------                        --------                       --------
  Other liabilities.................     132,904                         110,551                        113,192
  Shareholders' equity..............     899,615                         850,934                        707,788
                                     -----------                     -----------                     ----------
        Total liabilities and
          shareholders' equity...... $10,954,895                     $10,948,979                     $9,706,356
                                      ==========                      ==========                      =========
  Net interest income (1)...........              $464,821                        $441,468                       $392,449
                                                  ========                        ========                       ========
  Interest rate spread (1)..........                         3.90%                           3.86%                          3.95%
                                                            =====                           =====                          =====
  Net interest margin (1)...........                         4.59%                           4.36%                          4.40%
                                                            =====                           =====                          =====
  Taxable-equivalent adjustments
    Loans...........................              $  2,016                        $  1,724                       $  1,615
    Securities......................                15,374                          16,630                         15,801
                                                  --------                        --------                       --------
        Total.......................              $ 17,390                        $ 18,354                       $ 17,416
                                                  ========                        ========                       ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Taxable-equivalent yields are calculated assuming a 35% Federal income tax
    rate.
(2) Yields are calculated on historical cost and exclude the impact of the
    unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities.
(3) Includes loan fees, immaterial in amount, in both interest income and the
    calculation of the yield on loans.
(4) Includes loans on nonaccrual status.
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   25
 
                 TABLE 5.  ANALYSIS OF VOLUME AND RATE CHANGES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         1995 VERSUS 1994                    1994 VERSUS 1993
                                                 ---------------------------------   --------------------------------
                                                       INCREASE                           INCREASE
                                                      (DECREASE)                         (DECREASE)
                                                 DUE TO CHANGE IN:(1)                DUE TO CHANGE IN:(1)
                                                 --------------------     TOTAL      -------------------     TOTAL
                                                  AVERAGE    AVERAGE     INCREASE     AVERAGE    AVERAGE    INCREASE
                                                 VOLUME(2)   RATE(2)    (DECREASE)   VOLUME(2)   RATE(2)   (DECREASE)
                                                 ---------   --------   ----------   ---------   -------   ----------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
INTEREST INCOME
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial
    institutions...............................  $    793    $    383    $  1,176     $(1,720)   $  592     $ (1,128)
  Federal funds sold and securities purchased
    under agreements to resell.................     5,359       2,264       7,623      (3,278)    1,575       (1,703)
  Trading account assets.......................       234       3,397       3,631       2,220       729        2,949
  Investment securities -- FTE.................   (60,332 )    33,334     (26,998)     15,111    (7,181 )      7,930
  Loans -- FTE.................................    75,487      46,834     122,321      86,497    (1,188 )     85,309
                                                                        ----------                         ----------
      TOTAL INTEREST INCOME....................       928     106,825     107,753      88,326     5,031       93,357
                                                                        ----------                         ----------
INTEREST EXPENSE
  Money market accounts........................    (3,646 )     9,751       6,105      (6,963)    2,025       (4,938)
  Savings deposits.............................    (2,624 )     6,513       3,889      13,735    (1,431 )     12,304
  Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and
    over.......................................     3,557      12,883      16,440      (1,765)    2,044          279
  Other time deposits..........................    12,144      46,709      58,853      14,223     2,685       16,908
  Short-term borrowings........................   (13,584 )     5,109      (8,475)      8,061     5,036       13,097
  Long-term debt...............................     4,650       2,938       7,588       6,795      (107 )      6,688
                                                                        ----------                         ----------
      TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE...................    (2,889 )    87,289      84,400      32,454    11,884       44,338
                                                                        ----------                         ----------
CHANGE IN NET INTEREST INCOME..................                          $ 23,353                           $ 49,019
                                                                        ==========                         ==========
PERCENTAGE INCREASE IN NET INTEREST INCOME OVER
  PRIOR PERIOD.................................                             5.29%                             12.49%
                                                                        ==========                         ==========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
FTE -- Fully taxable-equivalent
(1) The change due to both rate and volume has been allocated to change due to
    volume and change due to rate in proportion to the relationship of the
    absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(2) Variances are compiled on a line by line basis and are non-additive.
 
                         TABLE 6.  AVERAGE DEPOSITS(1)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                1995         1994         1993         1992         1991
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Noninterest-bearing demand.................................  $1,338,300   $1,322,040   $1,153,003   $  843,306   $  717,587
Money market(2)............................................   1,422,443    1,561,226    1,847,202    1,501,291    1,211,701
Savings(3).................................................   1,806,409    1,913,837    1,330,731      863,482      663,866
Other time(4)..............................................   3,981,746    3,705,467    3,361,729    2,806,832    2,441,960
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
    TOTAL AVERAGE CORE DEPOSITS............................   8,548,898    8,502,570    7,692,665    6,014,911    5,035,114
Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over...............     706,998      627,273      672,715      575,583      625,746
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
    TOTAL AVERAGE DEPOSITS.................................  $9,255,896   $9,129,843   $8,365,380   $6,590,494   $5,660,860
                                                              =========    =========    =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Table 4 presents the average rate paid on the above deposit categories for
    the three years ended December 31, 1995.
(2) Includes money market savings accounts and super NOW accounts.
(3) Includes regular savings accounts, NOW accounts and premium savings
    accounts.
(4) Includes certificates of deposit of less than $100,000, investment savings
    deposits, IRA's, and Christmas Club accounts.
 
                                       23
<PAGE>   26
 
                  TABLE 7.  COMPOSITION OF THE LOAN PORTFOLIO
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                1995         1994         1993         1992         1991
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Commercial, financial, and agricultural....................  $1,450,050   $1,511,096   $1,278,879   $1,083,326   $1,071,148
Real estate -- construction................................     322,701      291,719      203,207      138,392      104,591
Real estate -- mortgage
  Secured by 1-4 family residential........................   2,320,168    2,247,659    1,675,372    1,337,481    1,010,830
  Other mortgage loans.....................................   1,283,937    1,244,773    1,084,884      820,103      650,761
Home equity................................................     167,223      150,524      125,921      117,024       81,902
Consumer
  Credit cards and related plans...........................     387,445      264,600      106,012       77,122       69,237
  Other consumer loans.....................................   1,108,127    1,004,367      821,620      628,041      624,879
Direct lease financing.....................................      60,400       40,523       26,054       16,512       32,849
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
        TOTAL LOANS........................................   7,100,051    6,755,261    5,321,949    4,218,001    3,646,197
Less: Unearned income......................................      30,198       33,664       28,099       24,852       32,252
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
        TOTAL LOANS, NET OF UNEARNED INCOME................  $7,069,853   $6,721,597   $5,293,850   $4,193,149   $3,613,945
                                                             ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
 
 TABLE 8.  ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS BY CATEGORY OF LOANS
       AND THE PERCENTAGE OF LOANS BY CATEGORY TO TOTAL LOANS OUTSTANDING
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   DECEMBER 31,
                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         1995                   1994                   1993                   1992                   1991
                 ---------------------  ---------------------  ---------------------  ---------------------  --------------------
                           PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE             PERCENTAGE            PERCENTAGE
                           OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO            OF LOANS TO           OF LOANS TO
                  AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS   AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS  AMOUNT   TOTAL LOANS
                 --------  -----------  --------  -----------  --------  -----------  --------  -----------  -------  -----------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>              <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>           <C>      <C>          <C>
Commercial,
  financial, and
 agricultural... $ 34,030       20%     $ 42,579       22%     $ 53,858       24%     $ 43,950       26%     $31,811       29%
Real estate --
 construction...    7,165        5         5,801        4         3,593        4         2,277        3        3,662        3
Real estate --
  mortgage......   47,122       51        51,467       52        47,761       52        37,527       51       22,977       46
Consumer........   43,979       23        33,591       21        19,762       20        16,198       20       15,734       21
Direct lease
  financing.....    1,191        1           528        1           525       --           330       --          555        1
                 --------      ---      --------      ---      --------      ---      --------      ---      -------      ---
        Total... $133,487      100%     $133,966      100%     $125,499      100%     $100,282      100%     $74,739      100%
                 ========      ===      ========      ===      ========      ===      ========      ===      =======      ===
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
Note: The allocation of the allowance is presented based in part on evaluations
      of specific loans, past history, and economic conditions within specific
      industries or geographic areas. Since all of these factors are subject to
      change, the current allocation of the allowance is not necessarily
      indicative of the breakdown of future losses.
 
        TABLE 9.  NONACCRUAL, RESTRUCTURED, AND PAST DUE LOANS AND FORECLOSED
                                      PROPERTIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ---------------------------------------------------
                                                            1995       1994       1993       1992       1991
                                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Nonaccrual loans........................................   $32,847    $19,532    $20,894    $47,458    $32,403
Restructured loans......................................     1,330      2,279      9,670      3,587      4,039
                                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
         Total nonperforming loans......................    34,177     21,811     30,564     51,045     36,442
                                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
Foreclosed properties
  Other real estate owned, net..........................     6,561      6,717     10,195     14,896     21,237
  Other foreclosed properties...........................     1,138        669        883        551        561
                                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
         Total foreclosed properties....................     7,699      7,386     11,078     15,447     21,798
                                                           -------    -------    -------    -------    -------
         Total nonperforming assets.....................   $41,876    $29,197    $41,642    $66,492    $58,240
                                                           ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Loans 90 days or more past due and not on nonaccrual
  status................................................   $18,317    $ 6,272    $ 9,932    $ 7,379    $ 8,179
                                                           ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Nonperforming loans as a percentage of loans............       .48%       .32%       .58%      1.22%      1.01%
Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans plus
  foreclosed properties.................................       .59        .43        .78       1.58       1.60
Allowance for losses on loans as a percentage of
  nonperforming loans...................................       391        614        411        196        205
Loans 90 days or more past due and not on nonaccrual
  status as a percentage of loans.......................       .26        .09        .19        .18        .23
</TABLE>
 
                                       24
<PAGE>   27
 
                    TABLE 10.  ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                       --------------------------------------------------------------
                                          1995         1994         1993         1992         1991
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance at beginning of period.......  $  133,966   $  125,499   $  100,282   $   74,739   $   73,365
Loans charged off
  Commercial, financial, and
     agricultural....................       8,230        5,812       12,427       23,175       23,892
  Real estate -- construction........         120          248           65          411          759
  Real estate -- mortgage............       5,478        3,952        3,292        4,917        4,499
  Consumer...........................      11,742        7,583        7,505        7,776       12,905
  Credit cards and related plans.....      12,088        1,797        1,732        1,819        2,344
  Direct lease financing.............           4            1            9           20           75
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total charge-offs..........      37,662       19,393       25,030       38,118       44,474
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Recoveries on loans previously
  charged off
  Commercial, financial, and
     agricultural....................       5,137        6,640        5,268       10,789        5,716
  Real estate -- construction........         427           72           59          109           63
  Real estate -- mortgage............       1,989        2,802          875          518          655
  Consumer...........................       4,060        3,691        4,111        4,068        3,007
  Credit cards and related plans.....         526          386          376          342          293
  Direct lease financing.............          51          123           39           86          154
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total recoveries...........      12,190       13,714       10,728       15,912        9,888
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Net charge-offs......................      25,472        5,679       14,302       22,206       34,586
Provision charged to expense.........      22,231        4,894       17,950       29,071       35,960
Increase due to acquisitions.........       2,762        9,252       21,569       18,678           --
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Balance at end of period.............  $  133,487   $  133,966   $  125,499   $  100,282   $   74,739
                                        =========    =========    =========    =========    =========
Loans, net of unearned income, at end
  of period..........................  $7,069,853   $6,721,597   $5,293,850   $4,193,149   $3,613,945
                                        =========    =========    =========    =========    =========
Average loans, net of unearned
  income, during period..............  $6,990,400   $6,143,761   $5,122,490   $4,028,090   $3,771,225
                                        =========    =========    =========    =========    =========
Ratios:
  Allowance at end of period to
     loans, net of unearned income...        1.89%        1.99%        2.37%        2.39%        2.07%
  Allowance at end of period to
     average loans, net of unearned
     income..........................        1.91         2.18         2.45         2.49         1.98
  Net charge-offs to average loans,
     net of unearned income..........         .36          .09          .28          .55          .92
</TABLE>
 
                                       25
<PAGE>   28
 
            TABLE 11. RATE SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS AT DECEMBER 31, 1995
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               INTEREST-SENSITIVE WITHIN (1) AND (6)
                          -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           0-30   31-90   91-180  181-365   1-2     2-5     OVER    NONINTEREST-
                           DAYS    DAYS    DAYS    DAYS    YEARS   YEARS   5 YEARS    BEARING      TOTAL
                          ------  ------  ------  -------  ------  ------  -------  ------------  -------
                                                       (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                       <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>        <C>         <C>
ASSETS
  Loans and leases (2)
     and (3)............. $1,875  $  553  $  558  $   934  $  609  $1,820  $   718    $     33    $ 7,100
  Investment securities
     (4) and (5).........    347     402     335      385     516     315      475          --      2,775
  Other earning assets...    478      81       1       --       1      --       --          --        561
  Other assets...........     --      --      --       --      --      --       --         841        841
                          ------  ------  ------  -------  ------  ------  -------    --------    -------
          TOTAL ASSETS... $2,700  $1,036  $  894  $ 1,319  $1,126  $2,135  $ 1,193    $    874    $11,277
                          ======  ======  ======  =======  ======  ======  =======    ========    =======
SOURCES OF FUNDS
  Money market deposits
     (6) and (7)......... $   66  $  396  $   --  $   396  $   --  $  572  $    --    $     --    $ 1,430
  Other savings and time
     deposits............    618   1,226     773      865     621   1,716       24          --      5,843
  Certificates of deposit
     of $100,000 and
     over................    147     145     182      142      80      59       --          --        755
  Short-term
     borrowings..........    237       3      --        1      --      --       --          --        241
  Federal Home Loan Bank
     advances............    206       1       2        4      13      27       16          --        269
  Long-term debt.........     --      --      --       --       1       1      214          --        216
  Noninterest-bearing
     deposits............     --      --      --       --      --      --       --       1,420      1,420
  Other liabilities......     --      --      --       --      --      --       --         137        137
  Shareholders' equity...     --      --      --       --      --      --       --         966        966
                          ------  ------  ------  -------  ------  ------  -------    --------    -------
          TOTAL SOURCES
            OF FUNDS..... $1,274  $1,771  $  957  $ 1,408  $  715  $2,375  $   254    $  2,523    $11,277
                          ======  ======  ======  =======  ======  ======  =======    ========    =======
INTEREST-RATE SWAPS(8)... $  (41) $   --  $   41  $    --  $   --  $   --  $    --    $     --
INTEREST-RATE SENSITIVITY
  GAP....................  1,385    (735)    (22)     (89)    411    (240)     939      (1,649)
CUMULATIVE INTEREST RATE
  SENSITIVITY
  GAP....................  1,385     650     628      539     950     710    1,649          --
CUMULATIVE GAP AS A
  PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL
  ASSETS(7)..............     12%      6%      6%       5%      8%      6%      15%         --%
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
MANAGEMENT HAS MADE THE FOLLOWING ASSUMPTIONS IN THE ABOVE ANALYSIS:
 
(1) Assets and liabilities are generally scheduled according to their earliest
    repricing dates regardless of their contractual maturity.
(2) Nonaccrual loans are included in the noninterest-bearing category.
(3) Fixed-rate mortgage loan maturities are estimated based on the currently
    prevailing principal-prepayment patterns of comparable mortgage-backed
    securities.
(4) The scheduled maturities of mortgage-backed securities and CMOs assume
    principal prepayment of these securities on dates estimated by management,
    relying primarily upon current and consensus interest-rate forecasts in
    conjunction with the latest three-month historical prepayment schedules.
(5) Securities are scheduled according to their call dates when valued at a
    premium to par.
(6) Money market deposits and savings deposits that have no contractual
    maturities are scheduled according to management's best estimate of their
    repricing in response to changes in market rates. The impact of changes in
    market rates would vary by product type and market.
(7) If all money market, NOW and savings deposits had been included in the 0-30
    Days category above, the cumulative gap as a percentage of total assets
    would have been negative (16%), (14%), (14%), (12%), (8%), and positive 6%
    and 15%, respectively, for the 0-30 Days, 31-90 Days, 91-180 Days, 181-365
    Days, 1-2 Years, 2-5 Years, and over 5 Years categories at December 31,
    1995.
(8) The notional value of interest-rate swaps at December 31, 1995 is $200
    million. Of these amounts, $109 million matures in 0-30 Days and $91 million
    matures in 91-180 Days. The amounts presented represent the mismatched
    notional amounts of the outstanding contracts.
 
                                       26
<PAGE>   29
 
           TABLE 12.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES AND OTHER EARNING ASSETS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------
                                                                1995         1994         1993
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury............................................  $  833,061   $  975,221   $  968,195
  U.S. Government agencies.................................   1,327,974    1,435,141    1,769,583
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total U.S. Government obligations................   2,161,035    2,410,362    2,737,778
Obligations of states and political subdivisions...........     511,028      528,615      531,143
Other investment securities................................     102,827      145,133      162,160
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total investment securities......................   2,774,890    3,084,110    3,431,081
Interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions........      13,571       10,874       28,547
Federal funds sold and securities purchased under
  agreements to resell.....................................     356,655       34,178      122,174
Trading account assets.....................................     121,927      155,951      153,482
Loans held for resale......................................      68,819       25,881      143,348
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          Total investment securities and other earning
            assets.........................................  $3,335,862   $3,310,994   $3,878,632
                                                              =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>
 
                         TABLE 13.  RISK-BASED CAPITAL
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ------------------------------------
                                                                1995         1994         1993
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
TIER 1 CAPITAL
  Shareholders' equity.....................................  $  966,331   $  805,147   $  751,844
  Minority interest in consolidated subsidiaries...........       1,088        1,088        1,588
  Less goodwill and one-half of investment in
     unconsolidated subsidiaries...........................     (46,913)     (46,541)     (42,300)
  Less disallowed deferred tax asset.......................      (2,237)      (2,494)      (1,861)
  Less unrealized (gain) loss on available for sale
     securities............................................     (21,366)      28,685           --
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          TOTAL TIER 1 CAPITAL.............................     896,903      785,885      709,271
TIER 2 CAPITAL
  Allowance for losses on loans............................      89,230       83,291       68,329
  Qualifying long-term debt................................     174,166       74,747       74,686
  Less one-half of investment in unconsolidated
     subsidiaries..........................................        (107)         (18)        (136)
                                                             ----------   ----------   ----------
          TOTAL CAPITAL....................................  $1,160,192   $  943,905   $  852,150
                                                              =========    =========    =========
RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS.......................................  $7,094,254   $6,615,300   $5,412,755
                                                              =========    =========    =========
RATIOS
  Equity to assets.........................................        8.57%        7.33%        7.58%
  Leverage ratio...........................................        8.09         7.15         7.21
  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets...................       12.64        11.88        13.10
  Total capital to risk-weighted assets....................       16.35        14.27        15.74
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
Regulatory minimums for institutions considered "well-capitalized" are 5%, 6%,
and 10% for the leverage, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and Total
capital to risk-weighted assets ratios, respectively. As of December 31, 1995,
all of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries were considered "well-capitalized"
for purposes of FDIC deposit insurance assessments.
 
                                       27
<PAGE>   30
 
                       TABLE 14.  SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1995 QUARTERS ENDED(1)
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 MARCH 31       JUNE 30     SEPTEMBER 30   DECEMBER 31      TOTAL
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                             <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Net interest income...........  $   108,839   $   110,725   $   113,859    $  114,008    $   447,431
Provision for losses on
  loans.......................       (2,222)       (2,316)       (5,280 )     (12,413 )      (22,231)
Investment securities gains
  (losses)....................          (21)           18           159           320            476
Noninterest income............       36,100        39,607        40,615        40,854        157,176
Noninterest expense...........      (90,665)      (93,706)      (93,903 )    (103,890 )     (382,164)
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
Earnings before income
  taxes.......................       52,031        54,328        55,450        38,879        200,688
Applicable income taxes.......       16,374        17,877        17,436        13,599         65,286
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
Net earnings..................  $    35,657   $    36,451   $    38,014    $   25,280    $   135,402
                                 ==========    ==========   ===========    ===========    ==========
PER COMMON SHARE DATA
  Net earnings
     Primary..................  $       .75   $       .77   $       .79    $      .51    $      2.82
     Fully diluted............          .72           .73           .75           .50           2.70
  Dividends...................          .23           .25           .25           .25            .98
UPC COMMON STOCK DATA(2)
  High trading price..........  $     24.50   $     28.13   $     30.75    $    32.25    $     32.25
  Low trading price...........        20.88         23.13         26.13         29.63          20.88
  Closing price...............        23.13         26.75         29.63         31.88          31.88
  Trading volume (in
     thousands)(3)............        3,731         2,877         6,153         4,082         16,843
KEY FINANCIAL DATA
  Return on average assets....         1.33%         1.35%         1.37 %         .90 %         1.24%
  Return on average common
     equity...................        18.16         17.88         17.35         10.84          15.92
  Expense ratio...............         2.04          2.01          1.92          1.82           1.94
  Efficiency ratio............        60.72         60.61         59.16         57.64          59.51
  Equity/assets (period
     end).....................         7.98          8.21          8.67          8.57           8.57
  Average earning assets......  $10,055,105   $10,023,215   $10,147,171    $10,279,747   $10,126,982
  Interest income -- FTE......      202,481       211,741       218,936       220,914        854,072
  Yield on average earning
     assets -- FTE............         8.17%         8.47%         8.56 %        8.53 %         8.43%
  Average interest-bearing
     liabilities..............  $ 8,559,281   $ 8,499,084   $ 8,597,017    $8,679,462    $ 8,584,076
  Total interest expense......       89,253        96,752       100,821       102,425        389,251
  Rate on average interest-
     bearing liabilities......         4.23%         4.57%         4.65 %        4.68 %         4.53%
  Net interest
     income -- FTE............  $   113,228   $   114,989   $   118,115    $  118,489    $   464,821
  Net interest
     margin -- FTE............         4.57%         4.60%         4.62 %        4.57 %         4.59%
</TABLE>
 
                                       28
<PAGE>   31
 
               TABLE 14.  SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA -- (CONTINUED)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       1994 QUARTERS ENDED(1)
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 MARCH 31       JUNE 30     SEPTEMBER 30   DECEMBER 31      TOTAL
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                             <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Net interest income...........  $    99,286   $   105,677   $   108,243    $  109,908    $   423,114
Provision for losses on
  loans.......................         (990)       (1,113)       (1,534 )      (1,257 )       (4,894)
Investment securities gains
  (losses)....................          103           171        (8,112 )     (12,460 )      (20,298)
Noninterest income............       30,263        29,791        31,923        29,126        121,103
Noninterest expense...........      (89,565)      (93,326)      (94,475 )    (150,331 )     (427,697)
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
Earnings (loss) before income
  taxes.......................       39,097        41,200        36,045       (25,014 )       91,328
Applicable income taxes
  (benefit)...................       11,950        13,101        10,855       (10,439 )       25,467
                                -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------   -----------
Net earnings (loss)...........  $    27,147   $    28,099   $    25,190    $  (14,575 )  $    65,861
                                 ==========    ==========   ===========    ===========    ==========
PER COMMON SHARE DATA
  Net earnings (loss)
     Primary..................  $       .56   $       .58   $       .52    $     (.39 )  $      1.28
     Fully diluted............          .55           .57           .51          (.39 )         1.28
  Dividends...................          .21           .21           .23           .23            .88
UPC COMMON STOCK DATA(2)
  High trading price..........  $     26.25   $     28.75   $     26.00    $    24.50    $     28.75
  Low trading price...........        23.13         24.75         23.50         19.63          19.63
  Closing price...............        24.88         26.75         24.50         20.88          20.88
  Trading volume (in
     thousands)(3)............        1,878         1,791         2,565         2,886          9,120
KEY FINANCIAL DATA
  Return on average assets....         1.02%         1.03%          .90 %          NM            .60%
  Return on average common
     equity...................        13.90         14.12         12.05            NM           7.61
  Expense ratio...............         2.24          2.32          2.21          2.38           2.29
  Efficiency ratio............        66.85         66.34         64.19         66.40          65.93
  Equity/assets (period
     end).....................         7.73          7.63          7.72          7.33           7.33
  Average earning assets......  $ 9,883,512   $10,137,553   $10,244,891    $10,186,973   $10,114,424
  Interest income -- FTE......      172,305       183,557       191,779       198,678        746,319
  Yield on average earning
     assets -- FTE............         7.07%         7.26%         7.43 %        7.74 %         7.38%
  Average interest-bearing
     liabilities..............  $ 8,515,458   $ 8,702,648   $ 8,773,599    $8,667,260    $ 8,665,454
  Total interest expense......       68,587        72,662        79,299        84,303        304,851
  Rate on average interest-
     bearing liabilities......         3.27%         3.35%         3.59 %        3.86 %         3.52%
  Net interest
     income -- FTE............  $   103,718   $   110,895   $   112,480    $  114,375    $   441,468
  Net interest
     margin -- FTE............         4.26%         4.39%         4.36 %        4.45 %         4.36%
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
FTE -- Fully taxable-equivalent basis
NM -- Not meaningful
(1) Quarterly amounts have been restated for all 1995 acquisitions accounted for
    using the pooling of interests method of accounting. In addition, quarterly
    amounts for 1994 have been restated only for the 1995 acquisition of
    Capital.
(2) Union Planters Corporation's Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock
    Exchange (NYSE) and is traded under the symbol UPC. All share prices
    represent closing prices as reported by the NYSE. There were approximately
    14,600 holders of the Corporation's Common Stock as of December 31, 1995.
(3) Trading volume represents total volume for the period shown as reported by
    the NYSE.
 
                                       29
<PAGE>   32
 
          TABLE 15.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION'S BANKING SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      DECEMBER 31, 1995(1)
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                              ASSETS   LOANS(2)   DEPOSITS   EQUITY
                                                              ------   --------   --------   ------
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
TENNESSEE
Union Planters National Bank (Memphis)......................  $2,244    $1,193     $1,351    $206.1
Union Planters Bank of Middle Tennessee, N.A. (Nashville)...     929       489        848      72.2
Union Planters Bank of West Tennessee (Humboldt)............     478       264        415      43.2
Union Planters Bank of East Tennessee, N.A. (Knoxville).....     463       311        396      39.2
Union Planters Bank of Jackson, N.A.........................     306       174        285      20.3
Union Planters Bank of the Cumberlands (Cookeville).........     248       147        227      18.9
Union Planters Bank of the Tennessee Valley (Harriman)......     190       117        172      13.9
First National Bank of Shelbyville..........................     183        98        165      14.2
The First National Bank of Crossville.......................     174        75        158      12.2
Union Planters Bank of Northwest Tennessee FSB (Paris)......     170       121        150      11.5
Bank of Goodlettsville......................................     168        93        156      10.9
Union Planters Bank of Chattanooga, N.A.....................     128        75        115      12.7
Bank of East Tennessee (Morristown).........................     108        47         95       9.3
Central State Bank (Lexington)..............................     108        68         98       7.1
The First State Bank (Brownsville)..........................      89        44         77       5.6
Bank of Commerce (Woodbury).................................      78        50         70       6.9
First Citizens Bank of Hohenwald............................      57        34         48       4.5
Union Planters Bank of North Central Tennessee (Erin).......      56        29         48       6.0
First State Bank of Fayette County (Somerville).............      29        16         27       2.1
                                                              ------    -------    -------   ------
          Total Tennessee...................................  $6,206    $3,445     $4,901    $516.8
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
MISSISSIPPI
Union Planters Bank of Mississippi (Grenada)................  $  619    $  426     $  500    $ 44.8
Union Planters Bank of Central Mississippi (Jackson)........     588       427        538      40.9
Union Planters Bank of Northwest Mississippi (Clarksdale)...     580       350        520      42.8
Union Planters Bank of Southern Mississippi (Hattiesburg)...     380       264        333      24.6
Union Planters Bank of Northeast Mississippi, N.A. (New
  Albany)...................................................     273       193        228      18.2
                                                              ------    ------     ------    ------
          Total Mississippi.................................  $2,440    $1,660     $2,119    $171.3
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
MISSOURI
Union Planters Bank of Cape Girardeau County................  $  461    $  348     $  399    $ 32.9
Union Planters Bank of Southwest Missouri (Springfield).....     209       161        189      18.2
Union Planters Bank of Missouri (Clayton)...................     150       100        134      13.7
Union Planters Bank of Mid Missouri (Columbia)..............      86        70         77       5.8
Union Planters Bank of Perryville, N.A......................      80        60         72       6.8
Union Planters Bank of Sikeston.............................      69        48         63       4.9
                                                              ------    ------     ------    ------
          Total Missouri....................................  $1,055    $  787     $  934    $ 82.3
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
ARKANSAS
Union Planters Bank of Northeast Arkansas (Jonesboro).......  $  496    $  367     $  440    $ 44.5
Security Bank (Paragould)(3)................................     117        74        107       8.2
Union Planters Bank of East Arkansas (Earle)................      96        42         88       6.9
Union Planters Bank of Central Arkansas (Clinton)...........      89        59         82       6.6
Farmers & Merchants Bank (Pocahontas) (3)...................      19        10         17       1.4
                                                              ------    ------     ------    ------
          Total Arkansas....................................  $  817    $  552     $  734    $ 67.6
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
LOUISIANA
Union Planters Bank of Louisiana (Baton Rouge)..............  $  540    $  366     $  484    $ 37.8
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
ALABAMA
BANKFIRST, a federal savings bank (Decatur).................  $  253    $  182     $  230    $ 17.4
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
KENTUCKY
Simpson County Bank (Franklin)..............................  $  109    $   78     $  101    $  6.9
                                                              ======    ======     ======    ======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Individual amounts do not total to consolidated amounts due to intercompany
eliminations.
(2) Excludes intercompany loans.
(3) Merged with Union Planters Bank of Northeast Arkansas February 1, 1996.
 
                                       30
<PAGE>   33
 
                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
                          BANKS AND COMMUNITIES SERVED
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       OFFICES
                                                       -------
<S>                                                        <C>
TENNESSEE
UNION PLANTERS NATIONAL BANK
    Bartlett, Collierville, Cordova, Germantown, and
    Memphis............................................    36
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF MIDDLE TENNESSEE, N.A.
    Antioch, Brentwood, Columbia, Dickson, Eagleville,
    Franklin, Gallatin, Goodlettsville, Hendersonville,
    Lebanon, Lewisburg, Madison, Mt. Juliet, Mt.
    Pleasant, Murfreesboro, Nashville, and Smyrna......    29
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF WEST TENNESSEE
    Dyersburg, Elbridge, Gibson, Humboldt, Martin,
    Newbern, Obion, Ridgely, Ripley, Rutherford,
    Tiptonville, Trenton, Union City, and Yorkville....    28
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF EAST TENNESSEE, N.A.
    Alcoa, Clinton, Greenback, Knoxville, Maryville,
    and Oak Ridge......................................    14
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF JACKSON, N.A.
    Jackson and Milan..................................    10
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF THE CUMBERLANDS
    Alexandria, Algood, Baxter, Byrdstown, Celina,
    Cookeville, Dowelltown, Monterey, and Smithville...    12
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF THE TENNESSEE VALLEY
    Harriman, Kingston, Lenoir City, Oliver Springs,
    Rockwood, Sunbright, and Wartburg..................     7
FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF SHELBYVILLE
    Fayetteville, Monteagle, Shelbyville, and Tracy
    City...............................................     7
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF CROSSVILLE
    Crossville and Fairfield Glade.....................     5
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF NORTHWEST TENNESSEE FSB
    Camden, Huntingdon, McKenzie, Paris, and Waverly...     6
BANK OF GOODLETTSVILLE
    Goodlettsville, Springfield, and White House.......     4
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF CHATTANOOGA, N.A.
    Chattanooga, Cleveland, and East Ridge.............     8
BANK OF EAST TENNESSEE
    Greenville, Morristown, and Talbott................     5
CENTRAL STATE BANK
    Jackson and Lexington..............................     4
THE FIRST STATE BANK
    Brownsville and Stanton............................     4
BANK OF COMMERCE
    Auburntown and Woodbury............................     3
FIRST CITIZENS BANK OF HOHENWALD.......................     3
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF NORTH CENTRAL TENNESSEE
    Cumberland City and Erin...........................     2
FIRST STATE BANK OF FAYETTE COUNTY IN SOMERVILLE.......     1
MISSISSIPPI
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF MISSISSIPPI
    Ackerman, Calhoun City, Columbus, Derma, Eupora,
    Grenada, Houston, Kosciusko, Louisville, Southaven,
    Water Valley, West Point, and Winona...............    26
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF CENTRAL MISSISSIPPI
    Byram, Clinton, Collinsville, Crystal Springs,
    Decatur, Forest, Hazlehurst, Jackson, Meridian,
    Newton, Pearl, Philadelphia, Ridgeland, Terry, and
    Union..............................................    26
 
<CAPTION>
                                                       OFFICES
                                                       -------
<S>                                                       <C>
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF NORTHWEST MISSISSIPPI
    Batesville, Charleston, Clarksdale, Cleveland,
    Drew, Friars Point, Greenville, Greenwood, Itta
    Bena, Lambert, Leland, Lula, Moorhead, Olive
    Branch, Pope, Shaw, Sledge, and Sumner.............    31
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF SOUTHERN MISSISSIPPI
    Bassfield, Bay St. Louis, Biloxi, Collins,
    Ellisville, Gulfport, Hattiesburg, Laurel, Moss
    Point, Mount Olive, Ocean Springs, Pascagoula,
    Petal, and
    Prentiss...........................................    20
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF NORTHEAST MISSISSIPPI, N.A.
    Ashland, Baldwyn, New Albany, Oxford, Ripley, and
    Tupelo.............................................    13
MISSOURI
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF CAPE GIRARDEAU COUNTY
    Cape Girardeau, Jackson, Marble Hill, Poplar Bluff,
    and Ste. Genevieve.................................     9
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI
    Branson, Ozark, and Springfield....................    10
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF MISSOURI
    Affton and Clayton.................................     2
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF MID MISSOURI
    Ashland and Columbia...............................     5
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF PERRYVILLE, N.A.................     2
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF SIKESTON........................     2
ARKANSAS
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF NORTHEAST ARKANSAS
    Bono, Brookland, Cherokee Village, Hardy,
    Jonesboro, Mammoth Spring, Marmaduke, Maynard,
    Newport, Paragould, Pocahontas, Rector, Reyno,
    Sidney, and Weiner.................................    23
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF EAST ARKANSAS
    Cotton Plant, Crawfordsville, DeValls Bluff, Earle,
    Forrest City, and Marion...........................     7
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF CENTRAL ARKANSAS
    Bee Branch, Clinton, Fairfield Bay, Leslie,
    Marshall, and Mountain View........................     6
FIRST NATIONAL BANK
    Marion and West Memphis............................     4
FIRST NATIONAL BANK
    Joiner, Luxora, and Osceola........................     4
LOUISIANA
UNION PLANTERS BANK OF LOUISIANA
    Baton Rouge........................................    15
ALABAMA
BANKFIRST, A FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK
    Athens, Decatur, Hartselle, and Moulton............     7
KENTUCKY
SIMPSON COUNTY BANK
    Adairville and Franklin............................     5
                                                       -------
TOTAL BRANCH OFFICES...................................   405
                                                       =======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
The above section reflects banks merged and names changed through March 1, 1996.
 
                                       31
<PAGE>   34
 
                              REPORT OF MANAGEMENT
 
     The accompanying financial statements and related financial information in
this annual report were prepared by the management of Union Planters Corporation
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, where
appropriate, reflect management's best estimates and judgment. Management is
responsible for the integrity, objectivity, consistency, and fair presentation
of the financial statements and all financial information contained in this
annual report.
 
     Management maintains and depends upon internal accounting systems and
related systems of internal controls. The internal control systems are designed
to ensure that transactions are properly authorized and recorded in the
Corporation's financial records and to safeguard the Corporation's assets from
material loss or misuse. The Corporation utilizes internal monitoring mechanisms
and an extensive external audit to monitor compliance with, and assess the
effectiveness of the system of internal accounting controls. Management believes
the Corporation's system of internal accounting controls provides reasonable
assurance that the Corporation's assets are safeguarded and that its financial
records are reliable.
 
     The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets periodically with
representatives of the Corporation's independent accountants, the general
auditor of the Corporation, and management to review accounting policies,
control procedures, and audit and regulatory examination reports. The
independent accountants and the general auditor of the Corporation have free
access to the Committee, with and without the presence of management, to discuss
the results of their audit work and their evaluation of the adequacy of internal
controls and the quality of financial reporting.
 
     The financial statements have been audited by Price Waterhouse LLP,
independent accountants, who were engaged to express an opinion as to the
fairness of presentation of such financial statements.
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
/s/ BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS, JR.                  /s/ JACK W. PARKER
Benjamin W. Rawlins, Jr.                      Jack W. Parker
Chairman of the Board and                     Executive Vice President and
Chief Executive Officer                         Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>
 
                                       32
<PAGE>   35
 
                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Union Planters Corporation
 
     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, of changes in shareholders' equity and of
cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Union Planters Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 1995, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Corporation's management; our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
 
     As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Corporation changed its methods of accounting for investment securities in 1994
and for postretirement benefits, postemployment benefits, and income taxes in
1993.
 
/s/  PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
 
PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
Memphis, Tennessee
January 18, 1996
 
                                       33
<PAGE>   36
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                                               --------------------------
                                                                                  1995           1994
                                                                               -----------    -----------
                                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                            <C>            <C>
ASSETS
  Cash and due from banks....................................................  $   432,949    $   524,458
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions........................       13,571         10,874
  Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell.....      356,655         34,178
  Trading account assets.....................................................      121,927        155,951
  Loans held for resale......................................................       68,819         25,881
  Investment securities
    Available for sale (Amortized cost: $2,740,143 in 1995 and $1,985,093 in
    1994)....................................................................    2,774,890      1,937,942
    Held to maturity (Fair value: $1,121,117 in 1994)........................           --      1,146,168
  Loans......................................................................    7,100,051      6,755,261
    Less: Unearned income....................................................      (30,198)       (33,664)
         Allowance for losses on loans.......................................     (133,487)      (133,966)
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         Net loans...........................................................    6,936,366      6,587,631
  Premises and equipment.....................................................      228,272        229,897
  Accrued interest receivable................................................      100,686         94,040
  Goodwill and other intangibles.............................................       58,535         58,639
  Other assets...............................................................      184,446        179,361
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         TOTAL ASSETS........................................................  $11,277,116    $10,985,020
                                                                               ============   ============
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Deposits
    Noninterest-bearing......................................................  $ 1,420,358    $ 1,484,939
    Certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over.............................      754,434        653,101
    Other interest-bearing...................................................    7,272,944      7,115,125
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         Total deposits......................................................    9,447,736      9,253,165
  Short-term borrowings......................................................      241,023        455,010
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances............................................      268,892        224,103
  Long-term debt.............................................................      216,366        131,905
  Accrued interest, expenses, and taxes......................................       90,754         77,013
  Other liabilities..........................................................       46,014         38,677
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         TOTAL LIABILITIES...................................................   10,310,785     10,179,873
                                                                               -----------    -----------
  Commitments and contingent liabilities (Notes 7, 15, 17, and 19)...........           --             --
  Shareholders' equity
    Preferred stock (Note 10)
      Convertible............................................................       91,810         87,298
      Nonconvertible.........................................................           --         13,800
    Common stock, $5 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 45,447,031
     issued and outstanding (43,774,371 in 1994).............................      227,235        218,872
    Additional paid-in capital...............................................      111,348         86,917
    Net unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities..............       21,366        (28,685)
    Retained earnings........................................................      514,572        426,945
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY..........................................      966,331        805,147
                                                                               -----------    -----------
         TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY..........................  $11,277,116    $10,985,020
                                                                               ============   ============
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                       34
<PAGE>   37
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                               --------------------------------------------
                                                                  1995             1994             1993
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE
                                                                                  DATA)
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>              <C>
INTEREST INCOME
  Interest and fees on loans................................   $  636,769       $  517,032       $  425,967
  Interest on investment securities
    Taxable.................................................      137,453          162,012          157,403
    Tax-exempt..............................................       31,816           32,999           30,507
  Interest on deposits at financial institutions............        1,910              734            1,862
  Interest on federal funds sold and securities purchased
    under agreements to resell..............................       12,095            4,472            6,175
  Interest on trading account assets........................       12,774            9,143            6,194
  Interest on loans held for resale.........................        3,865            1,573            7,438
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         Total interest income..............................      836,682          727,965          635,546
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
INTEREST EXPENSE
  Interest on deposits......................................      347,859          262,572          238,019
  Interest on short-term borrowings.........................       12,825           21,300            8,203
  Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank advances and long-term
    debt....................................................       28,567           20,979           14,291
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         Total interest expense.............................      389,251          304,851          260,513
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         NET INTEREST INCOME................................      447,431          423,114          375,033
PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON LOANS...............................       22,231            4,894           17,950
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR LOSSES ON
           LOANS............................................      425,200          418,220          357,083
NONINTEREST INCOME
  Service charges on deposit accounts.......................       71,611           55,551           49,490
  Bank card income..........................................       20,103           10,953           10,393
  Mortgage servicing income.................................        9,835            9,621            9,595
  Trust service income......................................        8,010            7,990            7,643
  Profits and commissions from trading activities...........       10,441            6,639           13,787
  Investment securities gains (losses)......................          476          (20,298)           4,506
  Other income..............................................       37,176           30,349           32,148
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         Total noninterest income...........................      157,652          100,805          127,562
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
NONINTEREST EXPENSE
  Salaries and employee benefits............................      171,325          175,218          163,711
  Net occupancy expense.....................................       27,192           28,041           25,393
  Equipment expense.........................................       30,156           28,698           25,989
  Other expense.............................................      153,491          195,740          131,357
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         Total noninterest expense..........................      382,164          427,697          346,450
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY ITEM,
           AND ACCOUNTING CHANGES...........................      200,688           91,328          138,195
Applicable income taxes.....................................       65,286           25,467           41,168
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         EARNINGS BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM AND ACCOUNTING
           CHANGES..........................................      135,402           65,861           97,027
Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of taxes......           --               --           (3,206)
Accounting changes, net of taxes............................           --               --            5,782
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         NET EARNINGS.......................................   $  135,402       $   65,861       $   99,603
                                                               ==========       ==========       ==========
         NET EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO COMMON SHARES...........   $  126,790       $   55,963       $   89,790
                                                               ==========       ==========       ==========
EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
  PRIMARY
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes...............................................   $     2.82       $     1.28       $     2.24
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
      taxes.................................................           --               --             (.08)
    Accounting changes, net of taxes........................           --               --              .15
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         NET EARNINGS.......................................   $     2.82       $     1.28       $     2.31
                                                               ==========       ==========       ==========
  FULLY DILUTED
    Earnings before extraordinary item and accounting
      changes...............................................   $     2.70       $     1.28       $     2.18
    Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of
      taxes.................................................           --               --             (.07)
    Accounting changes, net of taxes........................           --               --              .13
                                                               ----------       ----------       ----------
         NET EARNINGS.......................................   $     2.70       $     1.28       $     2.24
                                                               ==========       ==========       ==========
AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING
  Primary...................................................   45,008,452       43,740,599       38,914,086
  Fully diluted.............................................   49,618,087       44,082,644       43,144,103
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                       35
<PAGE>   38
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            NET
                                                                                         UNREALIZED
                                                                                        GAIN (LOSS)
                                                                          ADDITIONAL    ON AVAILABLE
                                                 PREFERRED     COMMON      PAID-IN        FOR SALE      RETAINED
                                                   STOCK       STOCK       CAPITAL       SECURITIES     EARNINGS     TOTAL
                                                 ---------    --------    ----------    ------------    --------    --------
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>
BALANCE, JANUARY 1, 1993........................ $ 81,850     $159,656     $ 27,970       $     --      $260,020    $529,496
  Effect of merger with:
    Capital Bancorporation, Inc.................   13,800       17,708       17,335             --        16,767      65,610
  Net earnings..................................       --           --           --             --        99,603      99,603
  Cash dividends
    Common Stock, $.72 per share................       --           --           --             --       (13,015)    (13,015)
    Series B Preferred Stock, $8.00 per share...       --           --           --             --          (352)       (352)
    Series C Preferred Stock, $2.59 per share...       --           --           --             --        (1,790)     (1,790)
    Series D Preferred Stock, $1.95 per share...       --           --           --             --          (494)       (494)
    Series E Preferred Stock, $2.00 per share...       --           --           --             --        (5,832)     (5,832)
    Pooled institutions prior to pooling........       --           --           --             --       (11,025)    (11,025)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit
    plans and dividend reinvestment plan, net of
    shares repurchased..........................       --        1,260        5,852             --        (1,652)      5,460
  Issuance of stock for acquisitions (Note 2)...   22,713       16,318       26,137             --        18,296      83,464
  Net change in unrealized depreciation on
    marketable equity securities................       --           --           --             --           656         656
  Other.........................................      (15)           8           15             --            55          63
                                                 ---------    --------     --------       --------      --------    --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1993......................  118,348      194,950       77,309             --       361,237     751,844
  Net earnings..................................       --           --           --             --        65,861      65,861
  Cash dividends
    Common Stock, $.88 per share................       --           --           --             --       (20,144)    (20,144)
    Series B Preferred Stock, $8.00 per share...       --           --           --             --          (352)       (352)
    Series C Preferred Stock, $2.16 per share...       --           --           --             --        (1,491)     (1,491)
    Series D Preferred Stock, $1.95 per share...       --           --           --             --          (494)       (494)
    Series E Preferred Stock, $2.00 per share...       --           --           --             --        (6,216)     (6,216)
    Pooled institutions prior to pooling........       --           --           --             --       (12,464)    (12,464)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit
    plans and dividend reinvestment plan, net of
    shares repurchased..........................       --        2,176        9,888             --        (1,944)     10,120
  Issuance of stock for acquisitions (Note 2)...       --       21,686         (388)            --        42,952      64,250
  Stock transactions of pooled institutions
    prior to pooling............................       --           60          108             --            --         168
  Redemption of Series C Preferred Stock........  (17,250)          --           --             --            --     (17,250)
  Cumulative effect of adoption of SFAS No. 115
    on January 1, 1994..........................       --           --           --         11,995            --      11,995
  Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on
    available for sale securities, net of
    taxes.......................................       --           --           --        (40,680)           --     (40,680)
                                                 ---------    --------     --------       --------        --------    --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1994......................  101,098      218,872       86,917        (28,685)      426,945     805,147
  Net earnings..................................       --           --           --             --       135,402     135,402
  Cash dividends
    Common Stock, $.98 per share................       --           --           --             --       (39,925)    (39,925)
    Series B  Preferred Stock, $8.00 per
      share.....................................       --           --           --             --          (352)       (352)
    Series D  Preferred Stock, $ .65 per
      share.....................................       --           --           --             --          (165)       (165)
    Series E  Preferred Stock, $2.00 per
      share.....................................       --           --           --             --        (6,734)     (6,734)
    Pooled institutions prior to pooling........       --           --           --             --        (3,668)     (3,668)
  Common shares issued under employee benefit
    plans and dividend reinvestment plan, net of
    shares repurchased..........................       --        3,082       10,888             --          (550)     13,420
  Issuance of stock for acquisitions (Note 2)...    9,712        1,740        5,551           (436)        3,585      20,152
  Stock transactions of pooled institutions
    prior to pooling............................       --        2,273        4,060             --            --       6,333
  Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock........   (5,200)       1,268        3,932             --            --          --
  Redemption of Preferred Stock of acquired
    entity......................................  (13,800)          --           --             --            --     (13,800)
  Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on
    available for sale securities, net of
    taxes.......................................       --           --           --         50,487            --      50,487
  Other.........................................       --           --           --             --            34          34
                                                 --------     --------     --------       --------       --------    --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1995...................... $ 91,810     $227,235     $111,348       $ 21,366       $514,572    $966,331
                                                 ========     ========     ========       ========       ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                       36
<PAGE>   39
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       -----------------------------------
                                                                         1995        1994         1993
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
                                                                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                    <C>         <C>         <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings.......................................................  $ 135,402   $  65,861   $    99,603
  Reconciliation of net earnings to net cash provided by operating
    activities:
    Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of taxes............         --          --        (5,782)
    Provision for losses on loans and other real estate..............     22,789       5,724        20,611
    Depreciation and amortization....................................     23,546      22,347        19,602
    Amortization and write-off of intangibles........................      9,220       9,663        12,559
    Provision for restructuring charges..............................         --      24,264            --
    Provisions for merger-related expenses...........................     10,182      14,012            --
    Write-down of available for sale securities......................         --       2,800            --
    Net (accretion) amortization of investment securities............     (2,589)      4,541         6,970
    Net realized (gains) losses on sales of investment
      securities.....................................................      2,324      17,498        (4,506)
    Provision for deferred income tax expense (benefit)..............        674       4,991          (342)
    (Increase) decrease in assets
      Trading account securities and loans held for resale...........     (8,914)    108,965       (23,854)
      Accrued interest receivable and other assets...................    (32,925)    (26,422)       43,901
    Increase (decrease) in accrued interest, expenses, taxes, and
      other liabilities..............................................      9,113     (22,979)      (45,809)
    Other, net.......................................................     (2,113)      2,657           730
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
      Net cash provided by operating activities......................    166,709     233,922       123,683
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net decrease in short-term investments.............................      6,132      44,582        95,687
  Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities...............    532,998     869,723       463,000
  Proceeds from maturities and calls of available for sale
    securities.......................................................    599,485     917,167       357,503
  Purchases of available for sale securities.........................   (731,695)   (866,720)     (680,053)
  Proceeds from sales of held to maturity securities.................         --         225        28,742
  Proceeds from maturities and calls of held to maturity
    securities.......................................................    158,977     282,131     1,377,365
  Purchases of held to maturity securities...........................   (107,598)   (654,017)   (1,500,893)
  Net increase in loans..............................................   (224,244)   (892,854)     (239,543)
  Net cash received from purchases of financial institutions.........     10,759      72,084       108,043
  Purchases of premises and equipment, net...........................    (14,215)    (29,634)      (30,818)
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
      Net cash provided (used) by investing activities...............    230,599    (257,313)      (20,967)
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net decrease in deposits...........................................    (22,496)    (50,269)     (233,282)
  Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings...................   (215,987)    152,559       (55,326)
  Proceeds from FHLB advances and long-term debt, net................    233,990      76,059       241,061
  Repayment and defeasance of FHLB advances and long-term debt.......   (112,211)    (65,567)      (43,591)
  Redemption of preferred stock......................................    (13,800)    (17,250)           --
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net........................     20,457      13,333        19,729
  Purchase and retirement of common stock, net.......................       (754)     (3,163)       (1,786)
  Cash dividends paid................................................    (50,796)    (41,460)      (32,205)
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
      Net cash (used) provided by financing activities...............   (161,597)     64,242      (105,400)
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents.................    235,711      40,851        (2,684)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period.............    553,893     513,042       515,726
                                                                       ---------   ---------   -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period...................  $ 789,604   $ 553,893   $   513,042
                                                                       ==========  ==========  ============
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
  Cash paid for
    Interest.........................................................  $ 371,860   $ 298,394   $   258,827
    Taxes............................................................     41,172      61,718        42,823
  Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities............     34,747     (47,151)           --
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                       37
<PAGE>   40
 
                  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
NATURE OF OPERATIONS.  Union Planters Corporation ("the Corporation") is a bank
holding company and savings and loan holding company headquartered in Memphis,
Tennessee. The Corporation operates 38 banking subsidiaries in Tennessee,
Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Kentucky and has 405
banking offices. Through its subsidiaries, the Corporation provides a
diversified range of financial services in the communities in which it operates
including consumer, commercial, and corporate lending; retail banking; mortgage
banking; and other ancillary financial services traditionally furnished by
full-service financial institutions. Additional services offered include
mortgage servicing; investment management and trust services; the issuance of
credit and debit cards; and the origination, packaging, and securitization of
loans, primarily the government-guaranteed portions of Small Business
Administration ("SBA") loans.
 
     The accounting and reporting policies of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries conform with generally accepted accounting principles and general
practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements and accompanying notes. The most significant estimate
relates to the adequacy of the allowance for losses on loans. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. The following is a summary of the more
significant accounting policies of the Corporation.
 
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION.  The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries after elimination of
significant intercompany accounts and transactions.
 
BASIS OF PRESENTATION.  Prior period consolidated financial statements have been
restated to include the accounts of significant acquisitions accounted for using
the pooling of interests method of accounting. Insignificant acquisitions
accounted for as poolings of interests are included from the beginning of the
year of acquisition. Business combinations accounted for as purchases are
included in the consolidated financial statements from the respective dates of
acquisition. Assets and liabilities of financial institutions accounted for as
purchases are adjusted to their fair values as of their dates of acquisition.
Certain 1993 and 1994 amounts have been reclassified to conform with the 1995
financial reporting presentation.
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS.  Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from
banks and federal funds sold. Federal funds sold in the amounts of $356,655,000,
$29,435,000, and $122,134,000 at December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993,
respectively, are included in cash and cash equivalents. Noncash transfers to
foreclosed properties from loans for the years ended December 31, 1995, 1994,
and 1993 were $7,545,000, $6,073,000, and $11,359,000, respectively. Other
noncash transactions are detailed in Notes 2, 4, and 10.
 
SECURITIES AND TRADING ACCOUNT ASSETS.  Effective January 1, 1994, the
Corporation adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No.
115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities." This
statement generally requires equity securities that have readily determinable
fair values and all debt securities to be classified and accounted for in one of
three categories: held to maturity securities, trading account assets, and
available for sale securities.
 
     Debt securities that the Corporation has the positive intent and ability to
hold to maturity are classified as held to maturity securities and carried at
cost, adjusted for the amortization of premium and accretion of discount using
the level-yield method. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had no securities
classified as held to maturity.
 
     Debt and equity securities that are bought and principally held for the
purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as trading account
assets. For the Corporation, these consist primarily of loans backed by the
government-guaranteed portions of SBA loans. Gains and losses on sales and fair-
value adjustments related to these securities are included in profits and
commissions from trading activities.
 
                                       38
<PAGE>   41
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
     Debt and equity securities which the Corporation has not classified as held
to maturity securities or trading account assets are classified as available for
sale securities and, as such, are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains
and losses, net of deferred taxes, reported as a component of shareholders'
equity. Gains or losses from sales of available for sale securities are computed
using the specific identification method and are included in investment
securities gains (losses).
 
LOANS HELD FOR RESALE.  Loans held for resale include mortgage and other loans
and are carried at the lower of cost or market.
 
LOANS.  Loans are carried at the principal amount outstanding. Interest income
on loans is recognized using constant yield methods, except for unearned income
which is recorded as income using a method which approximates the interest
method. Loan origination fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and
recognized over the life of the related loans as adjustments to interest income.
 
NONPERFORMING LOANS.  Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and
restructured loans. Loans, other than installment loans, are generally placed on
nonaccrual status and interest is not recorded if, in management's opinion,
payment in full of principal or interest is not expected or when payment of
principal or interest is more than 90 days past due, unless the loan is both
well-secured and in the process of collection. Upon the occurrence of an adverse
change in the account status (e.g., filing of bankruptcy, repossession of
collateral, foreclosure, or death of the borrower), installment loans (including
accrued interest) are written down to the net realizable value of the underlying
collateral. Such loans are reviewed periodically for further write-downs until
fully liquidated. Income recognized on revolving credit loans is discontinued
upon the occurrence of an adverse change, and the loans are fully charged off if
no payment is received for 180 days.
 
ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS.  The allowance for losses on loans represents
management's estimate of potential losses inherent in the existing loan
portfolio. The allowance for losses on loans is increased by the provision for
losses on loans charged to expense and reduced by loans charged off, net of
recoveries. The provision for losses on loans is determined based on
management's assessment of several factors: current and anticipated economic
conditions and the related impact on specific borrowers and industry groups,
historical loan loss experience, the level of classified and nonperforming
loans, reviews and evaluations of specific loans, changes in the nature and
volume of the loan portfolio, and the results of regulatory examinations.
 
     On January 1, 1995, the Corporation adopted SFAS No. 114, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan," as amended by SFAS No. 118, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan -- Income Recognition and Disclosures." As of
December 31, 1995, the amount of impaired loans and disclosures related thereto
were not material.
 
PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT.  Premises and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation expense is computed
using the straight-line method and is charged to operating expense over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. Depreciation expense has been computed
principally using estimated lives of five to forty years for premises and three
to seven years for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized
using the straight-line method over the shorter of the initial term of the
respective lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement. Costs of major
additions and improvements are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and
repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
 
GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES.  The unamortized costs in excess of the fair
value of acquired net tangible assets are included in goodwill and other
intangibles. Identifiable intangibles, except for premiums on purchased deposits
which are amortized on a straight-line method over 10 years, are amortized over
the estimated periods benefitted. The remaining costs (goodwill) are generally
amortized on a straight-line basis over 15 years. For acquisitions where the
fair value of net assets acquired exceeds the purchase price, the resulting
negative goodwill is allocated proportionally to noncurrent, nonmonetary assets.
 
     Management periodically evaluates whether events or circumstances have
occurred that would result in impairment in the value or life of goodwill or
other intangibles. Management considers an intangible to be potentially impaired
if internal management reports for respective business units show
 
                                       39
<PAGE>   42
 
NOTE 1.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
a net loss before amortization of intangibles. The recoverability of the asset
is then evaluated using undiscounted cash flow projections. Core deposit
intangibles are reviewed periodically to determine performance versus expected
"run-off" and adjustments in the amortization of these core deposit intangibles
are made accordingly.
 
MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS.  Effective July 1, 1995, the Corporation adopted
prospectively the provisions of SFAS No. 122, "Accounting for Mortgage Servicing
Rights, an Amendment to FASB No. 65." This statement requires entities to
recognize as separate assets, rights to service mortgage loans for others,
regardless of whether originated in-house or purchased from others. SFAS No. 122
also requires that capitalized mortgage servicing rights be assessed for
impairment based on the fair value of those rights. The Corporation's policy for
evaluating mortgage servicing rights for impairment is to stratify the mortgage
servicing rights by age of the loan and term to maturity, rate of interest, and
loan type. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows using
incremental direct and indirect costs and forecasted consensus prepayment rates.
Prior period amounts are recorded using the previous practice of capitalizing
only the servicing purchased from others. Mortgage servicing rights are
amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing
income based on the historical and projected prepayments of the underlying
loans. The adoption of SFAS No. 122 did not have a material effect on the
Corporation's earnings, liquidity, or capital resources. At December 31, 1995,
the carrying value and fair value of the Corporation's mortgage servicing rights
were $5.9 million and $7.3 million, respectively.
 
OTHER REAL ESTATE.  Property acquired through foreclosure is stated at the lower
of the recorded amount of the loan or the property's estimated net realizable
value, reduced by estimated selling costs. Writedowns of the assets at, or prior
to, the date of foreclosure are charged to the allowance for losses on loans.
Subsequent writedowns, income and expense incurred in connection with holding
such assets, and gains and losses resulting from the sales of such assets are
included in noninterest income and expense.
 
POSTRETIREMENT AND POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS.  Effective January 1, 1993, the
Corporation adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions" and SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits" which require that postretirement and postemployment
benefits be charged to expense during the years in which an employee renders
service. The Corporation elected to recognize the accumulated benefit
obligations in 1993 which approximated $9.6 million ($5.9 million after tax).
 
INCOME TAXES.  Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation prospectively adopted
the provisions of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" and recorded the
cumulative effect of the accounting change of $11.7 million. The Corporation
files a consolidated Federal income tax return with its subsidiaries, with the
exception of two credit life insurance companies that file separate returns. The
provision for income taxes is based on income reported for consolidated
financial statement purposes and includes deferred taxes resulting from the
recognition of certain revenues and expenses in different periods for tax
reporting purposes.
 
EARNINGS PER SHARE.  Primary earnings per common share is adjusted for all
preferred stock dividends. Primary earnings per common share is computed based
on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and common stock
equivalents arising from the assumed exercise of outstanding stock options
unless their effect would be antidilutive. Fully diluted earnings per common
share is computed using the weighted average common shares and equivalents.
Common stock equivalents are increased by the assumed conversion of convertible
preferred stock into common stock as if converted at the beginning of the period
unless the effect would be antidilutive. Earnings for fully diluted earnings per
common share are adjusted for preferred stock dividends on nonconvertible
preferred stock.
 
                                       40
<PAGE>   43
 
NOTE 2.  ACQUISITIONS
 
CONSUMMATED ACQUISITIONS
 
  POOLINGS OF INTERESTS
 
     The Corporation consummated the following acquisitions which were accounted
for using the pooling of interests method of accounting. Financial information
for all periods was restated for the Capital, Grenada, and BNF acquisitions. The
remaining acquisitions were not significant, therefore, prior period amounts
were not restated.
 
                               1995 ACQUISITIONS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                COMMON
                                                     DATE       SHARES
                                                   ACQUIRED     ISSUED     TOTAL ASSETS   TOTAL EQUITY
                                                   ---------  ----------   ------------   ------------
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                <C>        <C>          <C>            <C>
Planters Bank and Trust Company..................  9/1/95       348,029    $     59.0     $ 6.6
Capital Bancorporation, Inc. ("Capital").........  12/31/95   4,087,124       1,105.1      74.8
                                                              ---------    ----------     -----
          Total..................................             4,435,153    $  1,164.1     $81.4
                                                              =========    ==========     =====
</TABLE>
 
                               1994 ACQUISITIONS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                COMMON
                                                     DATE       SHARES
                                                   ACQUIRED     ISSUED     TOTAL ASSETS   TOTAL EQUITY
                                                   ---------  ----------   ------------   ------------
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                <C>        <C>          <C>            <C>
Mid-South Bancorp, Inc...........................   1/1/94       839,542   $  184.7       $ 11.9
First National Bancorp of Shelbyville, Inc.......   3/1/94       974,886      170.0         12.2
Clin-Ark Bancshares, Inc.........................   4/1/94       217,768       50.3          4.2
Liberty Bancshares, Inc..........................   7/1/94     1,223,353      180.1         20.0
Earle Bankshares, Inc............................   8/1/94       320,112       42.5          6.6
BNF Bancorp, Inc. ("BNF")........................   9/1/94     2,000,329      276.4         29.6
Commercial Bancorp, Inc..........................  11/1/94       189,391       28.6          3.7
Mid South Bancshares, Inc........................  12/1/94       572,115      126.0          5.6
Grenada Sunburst System Corporation
  ("Grenada")....................................  12/31/94   13,776,357    2,518.0        173.7
                                                              ----------   --------       ------
          Total..................................             20,113,853   $3,576.6       $267.5
                                                              ==========   ========       ======
</TABLE>
 
                               1993 ACQUISITIONS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                COMMON
                                                     DATE       SHARES
                                                   ACQUIRED     ISSUED     TOTAL ASSETS   TOTAL EQUITY
                                                   ---------  ----------   ------------   ------------
                                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                <C>        <C>          <C>            <C>
Garrett Bancshares, Inc..........................  5/31/93      613,088    $173.7         $ 4.8
Hogue Holding Company, Inc.......................   9/1/93      219,274      38.5           4.4
Central State Bancorp, Inc.......................   9/1/93      630,355     107.8          10.7
First Financial Services, Inc....................  10/1/93      447,906      86.0           8.4
                                                              ---------    ------         -----
          Total..................................             1,910,623    $406.0         $28.3
                                                              =========    ======         =====
</TABLE>
 
                                       41
<PAGE>   44
 
NOTE 2.  ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
     The following table summarizes the impact of the Capital acquisition on the
Corporation's net interest income, noninterest income, and earnings before
extraordinary item and accounting changes.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        EARNINGS (LOSS)
                                                                                            BEFORE
                                                                                         EXTRAORDINARY
                                                                                           ITEM AND
                                                          NET INTEREST    NONINTEREST     ACCOUNTING
                                                             INCOME         INCOME          CHANGES
                                                          ------------    -----------   ---------------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
1995                                                                                    
  Union Planters........................................  $408,295       $148,965       $138,752
  Capital...............................................    39,136          8,687         (3,350)
                                                          --------       --------       --------
     Union Planters pooled..............................  $447,431       $157,652       $135,402
                                                          ========       ========       ========
1994
  Union Planters........................................  $388,278       $ 93,562       $ 58,608
  Capital...............................................    34,836          7,243          7,253
                                                          --------       --------       --------
     Union Planters pooled..............................  $423,114       $100,805       $ 65,861
                                                          ========       ========       ========
1993
  Union Planters........................................  $343,710       $119,925       $ 89,976
  Capital...............................................    31,323          7,637          7,051
                                                          --------       --------       --------
     Union Planters pooled..............................  $375,033       $127,562       $ 97,027
                                                          ========       ========       ========
</TABLE>
 
  PURCHASE ACQUISITIONS
 
     The Corporation acquired the following institutions in transactions which
were accounted for using the purchase method of accounting.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           TOTAL ASSETS
                                     DATE                         PURCHASE    RESULTING     AT DATE OF
           INSTITUTION             ACQUIRED      CONSIDERATION     PRICE     INTANGIBLES   ACQUISITION
- ---------------------------------  ---------   -----------------  --------   -----------   ------------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                <C>         <C>                <C>        <C>           <C>
Bank of East Tennessee...........     1/1/93   648,786 Shares of  $ 25.3     $ 7.0         $  231
                                               Series E
                                               Preferred Stock
Security Trust Federal Savings
  and Loan Association and
  SaveTrust Federal Savings
  Bank...........................     1/1/93   Cash                 22.0       3.0            261
First Federal Savings Bank.......    2/26/93   625,000 Shares of      NM        --            187
                                               Common Stock
First State Bancorporation,
  Inc............................     7/1/95   388,497 Shares of    13.5       6.5            116
                                               Series E
                                               Preferred Stock
Other Acquisitions...............  1993/1994   Cash, Common         42.7      18.1            370
                                               Stock and
                                               Preferred
                                               Stock(1)
                                                                  ------     -----         ------
          Total..................
                                                                  $103.5     $34.6         $1,165
                                                                  ======     =====         ======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
NM -- Not meaningful
(1)   Various acquisitions each having under $100 million in total assets.
      Purchase prices included $32.1 million cash, 90,162 shares of Common
      Stock, and 259,736 shares of Series E Preferred Stock.
 
     Pro forma condensed results of operations as if the purchase acquisitions
had been consummated as of the beginning of the period have been omitted due to
the immaterial effect on operations.
 
     Subsequent to December 31, 1995, the Corporation consummated on January 2,
1996, the acquisitions of First Bancshares of Eastern Arkansas, Inc., the parent
of First National Bank in West
 
                                       42
<PAGE>   45
 
NOTE 2.  ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED)
Memphis, Arkansas, and First Bancshares of N.E. Arkansas, Inc., the parent of
First National Bank in Osceola, Arkansas. Both acquisitions were accounted for
as purchases. The cash purchase prices of these two acquisitions were $10.9
million and $9.2 million, respectively. Total assets at date of acquisition were
$60 million and $62 million, respectively.
 
  PENDING ACQUISITIONS
 
     The Corporation has signed definitive agreements pursuant to which it would
acquire the following institutions. Consideration and method of accounting are
based on currently available information and are subject to change based on the
terms of the definitive agreements. The closing of each of these transactions is
subject to obtaining shareholder and regulatory approvals and the satisfaction
of a number of other contractual conditions.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  
                                                             ANTICIPATED               
                                           TYPE OF            METHOD OF        APPROXIMATE TOTAL        
            INSTITUTION                 CONSIDERATION         ACCOUNTING            ASSETS        
- ------------------------------------  ------------------  ------------------ ---------------------
                                                                             (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                   <C>                 <C>                        <C>
Eastern National Bank, Miami,
  Florida...........................  Cash, Notes, and    Purchase                   $ 266
                                      Stock(1)
Valley Federal Savings Bank in
  Sheffield, Alabama................  480,000 shares of   Pooling of                   126
                                      Common Stock        Interests
Franklin Financial Group, Inc.
  Morristown, Tennessee.............  670,000 shares of   Pooling of                   137
                                      Common Stock        Interests
                                                                                     -----
          Total.....................                                                 $ 529
                                                                                     =====
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(1) Includes cash in the amount of $4.5 million, UPC Promissory Notes in the
    face amount of $14.5 million, and up to 317,458 shares of Series E Preferred
    Stock.
 
  STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
     The following table details the net cash received from acquisitions of
financial institutions which were accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting and from insignificant acquisitions which were accounted for as
poolings of interests.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             -----------------------------------
                                                               1995        1994         1993
                                                             ---------   ---------   -----------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>         <C>         <C>
Purchases of other financial institutions
  Fair value of assets acquired............................  $ 256,026   $ 976,775   $ 1,663,791
  Liabilities assumed......................................   (229,017)   (891,761)   (1,557,038)
  Common stock issued......................................     (6,649)    (64,250)      (39,791)
  Preferred stock issued...................................    (13,503)         --       (30,127)
  Less previous investment in entities acquired............         --          --        (3,387)
                                                             ---------   ---------   -----------
  Cash paid for the purchases of other financial
     institutions..........................................      6,857      20,764        33,448
  Cash and cash equivalents acquired.......................    (17,616)    (92,848)     (141,491)
                                                             ---------   ---------   -----------
          Net cash received from purchases of financial
            institutions...................................  $ (10,759)  $ (72,084)  $  (108,043)
                                                             =========   =========    ==========
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 3.  RESTRICTIONS ON CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS
 
     The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are required to maintain
noninterest-bearing average reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank.
Average balances required to be maintained for such purposes during 1995 and
1994 were $73 million and $81 million, respectively.
 
                                       43
<PAGE>   46
 
NOTE 4.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES
 
     The amortized cost and fair value of investment securities are summarized
as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                                       -------------------------------------------
                                                                       UNREALIZED
                                                       AMORTIZED    -----------------      FAIR
                                                          COST       GAINS    LOSSES      VALUE
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>
AVAILABLE FOR SALE SECURITIES
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury......................................  $  825,107   $ 8,300   $   346   $  833,061
  U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations.............     166,109       578       782      165,905
     Mortgage-backed.................................     582,310     6,746     1,436      587,620
     Other...........................................     573,250     2,159       960      574,449
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total U.S. Government obligations.............   2,146,776    17,783     3,524    2,161,035
Obligations of states and political subdivisions.....     490,676    22,833     2,481      511,028
Other stocks and securities..........................     102,691       225        89      102,827
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total available for sale securities...........  $2,740,143   $40,841   $ 6,094   $2,774,890
                                                        =========   =======   =======    =========
</TABLE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                       -------------------------------------------
                                                                       UNREALIZED
                                                       AMORTIZED    -----------------      FAIR
                                                          COST       GAINS    LOSSES      VALUE
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>
AVAILABLE FOR SALE SECURITIES
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury......................................  $  484,614   $   745   $ 9,305   $  476,054
  U.S. Government agencies
     Collateralized mortgage obligations.............     328,142        50    11,312      316,880
     Mortgage-backed.................................     816,683     1,061    22,669      795,075
     Other...........................................     215,527       189     4,586      211,130
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total U.S. Government obligations.............   1,844,966     2,045    47,872    1,799,139
Obligations of states and political subdivisions.....         220         1         2          219
Other stocks and securities..........................     139,907     1,018     2,341      138,584
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total available for sale securities...........  $1,985,093   $ 3,064   $50,215   $1,937,942
                                                        =========   =======   =======    =========
HELD TO MATURITY SECURITIES
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury......................................  $  499,167   $    41   $13,949   $  485,259
  U.S. Government agencies...........................     112,056       195     4,944      107,307
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total U.S. Government obligations.............     611,223       236    18,893      592,566
Obligations of states and political subdivisions.....     528,396     9,116    15,385      522,127
Other stocks and securities..........................       6,549         1       126        6,424
                                                       ----------   -------   -------   ----------
       Total held to maturity securities.............  $1,146,168   $ 9,353   $34,404   $1,121,117
                                                        =========   =======   =======    =========
</TABLE>
 
     The following table presents the gross realized gains and losses on
investment securities for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        REALIZED GAINS         REALIZED LOSSES
                                                       -----------------     --------------------
                                                        1995       1994       1995         1994
                                                       ------     ------     -------     --------
                                                                 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>         <C>
Available for sale securities........................  $3,727     $1,158     $(6,120)    $(18,767)
Held to maturity securities..........................      70        132          (1)         (21)
                                                       ------     ------     -------     --------
       Total.........................................  $3,797     $1,290     $(6,121)    $(18,788)
                                                       ======     ======     =======     ========
</TABLE>
 
     In 1993, the Corporation had gross realized gains of $6,090,000 and gross
realized losses of $1,584,000 on all investment securities.
 
     Investment securities having a carrying value of approximately $1.1 billion
at both December 31, 1995 and 1994 were pledged to secure public and trust funds
on deposit, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and FHLB advances.
 
                                       44
<PAGE>   47
 
NOTE 4.  INVESTMENT SECURITIES (CONTINUED)
     On January 1, 1994, and in connection with the adoption of SFAS No. 115,
$1.6 billion of securities were transferred to the available for sale category
of securities. In addition, approximately $446 million (fair value approximately
$436 million) of securities were transferred to available for sale securities
related to financial institutions acquired in 1994 in order to maintain the
Corporation's existing interest-rate-risk position and credit-risk policies.
 
     Effective September 30, 1995, the Corporation transferred approximately
$1.0 billion of held to maturity securities to the available for sale securities
portfolio. This transfer constituted the Corporation's entire held to maturity
securities portfolio. The transfer was made in response to specific conditions
which arose during the third quarter of 1995 and led management and the Board of
Directors to change its intent to hold these securities to maturity. The changes
included a need to provide additional funding sources for current and
anticipated loan growth and the need to manage interest-rate risk and liquidity
considerations which arose during the quarter in connection with certain
acquisitions of the Corporation and the internal reorganizations of its banking
subsidiaries. The transfer had no impact on earnings and the fair-value
adjustment related to these securities was $24.7 million, resulting in a net
increase in shareholders' equity of $15.1 million, net of taxes.
 
     The fair values, contractual maturities, and weighted average yields of
investment securities as of December 31, 1995 are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 MATURING
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    AFTER ONE BUT
                                  WITHIN ONE         WITHIN FIVE        AFTER FIVE BUT
                                     YEAR               YEARS          WITHIN TEN YEARS    AFTER TEN YEARS           TOTAL
                               ----------------    ----------------    ----------------    ----------------    ------------------
                                AMOUNT    YIELD     AMOUNT    YIELD     AMOUNT    YIELD     AMOUNT    YIELD      AMOUNT     YIELD
                               --------   -----    --------   -----    --------   -----    --------   -----    ----------   -----
                                                        (TAXABLE-EQUIVALENT BASIS/DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                            <C>          <C>    <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>           <C>
AVAILABLE FOR SALE SECURITIES
U.S. Government obligations
  U.S. Treasury............... $436,948    5.73%   $382,705    6.41%   $     --      --%   $  5,454    6.08%   $  825,107    6.05%
  U.S. Government agencies
    Collaterized mortgage
      obligations.............    1,481    6.09      20,627    6.27      23,595    6.03     120,406    6.46       166,109    6.37
    Mortgage-backed...........   11,545    5.96      50,732    6.75      74,065    7.32     445,968    7.10       582,310    7.07
    Other.....................  280,127    6.06     206,357    5.83      32,574    6.30      54,192    7.07       573,250    6.09
                               --------            --------            --------            --------            ----------
        Total U.S. Government
          obligations.........  730,101    5.86     660,421    6.25     130,234    6.83     626,020    6.97     2,146,776    6.36
Obligations of states and
  political subdivisions......   27,831    7.95     111,312    9.57      80,227    9.54     271,306    9.62       490,676    9.50
Other stocks and securities
  Federal Reserve Bank and
  Federal Home Loan Bank
  stock.......................       --      --          --      --          --      --      61,787    6.73        61,787    6.73
  Bonds, notes, and
    debentures................    2,321    5.95       1,289    6.53         231    6.34          --      --         3,841    6.17
  Collaterized mortgage
    obligations...............       --      --      23,788    6.39       1,015    7.49       2,848    6.41        27,651    6.43
  Mortgage-backed.............       --      --           3    9.00          --      --         235    9.69           238    9.68
  Other.......................       --      --         231    6.09          --      --       8,943    4.54         9,174    4.58
                               --------            --------            --------            --------            ----------
        Total other stocks and
          securities..........    2,321    5.95      25,311    6.39       1,246    7.28      73,813    6.46       102,691    6.44
                               --------            --------            --------            --------            ----------
        Total amortized cost
          of available for
          sale securities..... $760,253    5.94%   $797,044    6.72%   $211,707    7.86%   $971,139    7.67%   $2,740,143    6.93%
                               ========            ========            ========            ========            ==========
        Total fair value...... $761,954            $808,238            $217,074            $987,624            $2,774,890
                               ========            ========            ========            ========            ==========
</TABLE>
 
     The weighted average yields are calculated by dividing the sum of the
individual security yield weights (effective yield times book value) by the
total book value of the securities. The weighted average yield for obligations
of states and political subdivisions is adjusted to a taxable-equivalent yield,
using a Federal income tax rate of 35%. Expected maturities of securities will
differ from contractual maturities because some borrowers have the right to call
or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. The
investment securities portfolio is expected to have a principal weighted average
life of approximately 3.1 years.
 
                                       45
<PAGE>   48
 
NOTE 5.  LOANS
 
     Loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                        -----------------------
                                                                           1995         1994
                                                                        ----------   ----------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                     <C>          <C>
Commercial, financial, and agricultural...............................  $1,450,050   $1,511,096
Real estate -- construction...........................................     322,701      291,719
Real estate -- mortgage
  Secured by 1-4 family residential...................................   2,320,168    2,247,659
  Other mortgage......................................................   1,283,937    1,244,773
Home equity...........................................................     167,223      150,524
Consumer
  Credit cards and related plans......................................     387,445      264,600
  Other consumer......................................................   1,108,127    1,004,367
Direct lease financing................................................      60,400       40,523
                                                                        ----------   ----------
     Total loans......................................................  $7,100,051   $6,755,261
                                                                        ==========   ==========
</TABLE>
 
     Nonperforming loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                           -------------------
                                                                            1995        1994
                                                                           -------     -------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                        <C>         <C>
Nonaccrual loans.........................................................  $32,847     $19,532
Restructured loans.......................................................    1,330       2,279
                                                                           -------     -------
          Total..........................................................  $34,177     $21,811
                                                                           =======     =======
</TABLE>
 
     The impact on net interest income of the above nonperforming loans was not
material in either 1995 or 1994. Also, there were no significant outstanding
commitments to lend additional funds at December 31, 1995.
 
     Certain of the Corporation's bank subsidiaries, principally Union Planters
National Bank ("UPNB"), have granted loans to the Corporation's directors,
executive officers, and their affiliates. These loans were made on substantially
the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at
the time for comparable transactions with unrelated persons and do not involve
more than normal risks of collectability. The aggregate dollar amount of these
loans was $41.8 million and $39.2 million at December 31, 1995 and 1994,
respectively. During 1995, $112.0 million of new loans and advances under credit
lines were made to directors, executive officers, and their affiliates;
repayments totaled approximately $109.4 million.
 
                                       46
<PAGE>   49
 
NOTE 6.  ALLOWANCE FOR LOSSES ON LOANS
 
     The changes in the allowance for losses on loans are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Balance, January 1.........................................  $133,966     $125,499     $100,282
  Increases due to acquisitions............................     2,762        9,252       21,569
  Provision for losses on loans............................    22,231        4,894       17,950
  Recoveries of loans previously charged off...............    12,190       13,714       10,728
  Loans charged off........................................   (37,662)     (19,393)     (25,030)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Balance, December 31.......................................  $133,487     $133,966     $125,499
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 7.  PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT, LEASED ASSETS, AND LEASE COMMITMENTS
 
     Premises and equipment are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                           1995         1994
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
Land...................................................................  $ 46,591     $ 46,591
Buildings and improvements.............................................   174,897      173,618
Leasehold improvements.................................................    11,369       10,242
Equipment..............................................................   139,534      143,941
Construction in progress...............................................     9,011        3,316
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                          381,402      377,708
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization.........................   153,130      147,811
                                                                         --------     --------
          Total premises and equipment.................................  $228,272     $229,897
                                                                         ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     Rental expense, net of sublease rental income under all operating leases
totaled $9.3 million in 1995, $8.6 million in 1994, and $9.7 million in 1993. At
December 31, 1995, minimum future rental commitments under noncancelable
operating leases were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              OPERATING LEASES
                                                                           ----------------------
                                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                        <C>
1996.....................................................................         $  5,326
1997.....................................................................            4,502
1998.....................................................................            3,890
1999.....................................................................            2,721
2000.....................................................................            2,285
Later years..............................................................            8,570
                                                                                  --------
          Total minimum lease payments...................................         $ 27,294
                                                                                  ======== 
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 8.  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
 
     Short-term borrowings include federal funds purchased and securities sold
under agreements to repurchase, commercial paper, and other short-term
borrowings. Federal funds purchased arise from the Corporation's market activity
with its correspondent banks and generally mature in one business day.
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured by U.S. Government
and agency securities.
 
                                       47
<PAGE>   50
 
NOTE 8.  SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
     Short-term borrowings are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Year-end balances
  Federal funds purchased and securities sold under
     agreements to repurchase..............................  $240,929     $446,628     $289,450
  Commercial paper.........................................        --        2,951       10,941
  Other short-term borrowings..............................        94        5,431           23
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total short-term borrowings...........................  $241,023     $455,010     $300,414
                                                             ========     ========     ========
Federal funds purchased and securities sold under
  agreements to repurchase
  Daily average balance....................................  $229,815     $496,280     $276,915
  Weighted average interest rate...........................      5.29%        4.24%        2.86%
  Maximum outstanding at any month end.....................  $447,003     $745,490     $374,391
  Weighted average interest rate at December 31............      5.21%        5.39%        2.86%
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 9.  FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND LONG-TERM DEBT
 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ("FHLB") ADVANCES
 
     Certain of the Corporation's banking and thrift subsidiaries had
outstanding advances from the FHLB of $268.9 million and $224.1 million at
December 31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, under Blanket Agreements for Advances
and Security Agreements (the "Agreements"). The Agreements entitle these
subsidiaries to borrow funds from the FHLB to fund mortgage loan programs and to
satisfy certain other funding needs. Of the amounts outstanding at December 31,
1995, $201.0 million were at variable rates and $67.9 million were at fixed
rates with interest rates ranging from 3.25% to 9.0% and maturities ranging from
1996 to 2025. At December 31, 1995, FHLB advances that have remaining maturities
within one year, one to five years, and after five years were $21.9 million,
$206.5 million, and $40.5 million, respectively. The value of the
mortgage-backed securities and mortgage loans pledged under the Agreements
generally must be maintained at not less than 115% and 150%, respectively, of
the advances outstanding. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation had an adequate
amount of mortgage-backed securities and loans to satisfy the collateral
requirement.
 
LONG-TERM DEBT
 
     The Corporation's long-term debt is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                           1995         1994
                                                                         --------     --------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
8 1/2% Subordinated Notes due 2002.....................................  $ 40,245     $ 40,250
6.25% Subordinated Notes due 2003......................................    74,592       74,540
6 3/4% Subordinated Notes due 2005.....................................    99,418           --
Other long-term debt...................................................     2,111       17,115
                                                                         --------     --------
          Total long-term debt.........................................  $216,366     $131,905
                                                                         ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     In November 1993, the Corporation issued in a public offering $75 million
of 6.25% Subordinated Capital Notes due 2003 at 99.305%. In November 1995, the
Corporation issued in another public offering $100 million of 6 3/4%
Subordinated Capital Notes due 2005 at 99.408%. Interest is payable on both
issues semiannually on May 1 and November 1. The Notes are not redeemable prior
to maturity and will mature on November 1, 2003 and 2005, respectively. The
Notes are subordinated to all present and future senior indebtedness of the
Corporation and payment may be accelerated only in the case of bankruptcy of the
Corporation. The Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory risk-based
capital guidelines. The Corporation entered into an interest-rate swap agreement
related to the
 
                                       48
<PAGE>   51
 
NOTE 9.  FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES AND LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED)
November 1993 offering with a notional amount of $50 million which converted a
portion of the fixed-rate debt to a floating LIBOR rate for two and one-half
years.
 
     During 1992, the Corporation completed a public offering of $40.25 million
of 8 1/2% Subordinated Notes ("8 1/2% Notes"). The 8 1/2% Notes mature on
October 1, 2002, and interest is payable quarterly. The 8 1/2% Notes are
unsecured debt obligations of the Corporation and are subordinated in right of
payment to all senior indebtedness of the Corporation. The Corporation, at its
option, may redeem the 8 1/2% Notes on or after October 1, 1997, at par value
plus accrued interest, upon 30 days notice. The Corporation is obligated to
repay 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest, up to an aggregate
amount of $1 million, of 8 1/2% Notes tendered for prepayment by the personal
representatives of deceased holders in any one year. The 8 1/2% Notes do not
qualify as Tier 2 capital.
 
     The Corporation issued 10 1/8% Subordinated Capital Debentures ("10 1/8%
Debentures") in a public offering in 1989. In November 1993, the Corporation
used approximately $39 million of the net proceeds of the 6.25% Subordinated
Notes offering to in-substance defease the 10 1/8% Debentures. Direct
obligations of the U.S. Government were purchased and placed in an irrevocable
trust which provides cash flows matching the principal and interest debt service
requirements and to retire the 10 1/8% Debentures on April 1, 1996. This
transaction resulted in an extraordinary loss in the fourth quarter of 1993 of
$5.2 million ($3.2 million net of taxes). At both December 31, 1995 and 1994,
the outstanding balance of the 10 1/8% Debentures totaled $34 million which is
not reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.
 
     Annual principal repayment requirements for long-term debt for the years
1996 through 2000 are $389,000, $560,000, $778,000, $250,000, and $66,000,
respectively.
 
     The ability of the Corporation to service its long-term debt obligations is
dependent upon the future profitability of its banking subsidiaries and their
ability to pay dividends and management fees to the Corporation (see Note 12).
 
NOTE 10.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
DIVIDENDS
 
     The payment of dividends is determined by the Board of Directors taking
into account the earnings, capital levels, cash requirements and the financial
condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, applicable government
regulations and policies, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of
Directors, including the amount of dividends payable to the Corporation by its
subsidiary banks. Various federal laws, regulations and policies limit the
ability of the Corporation's subsidiary banks to pay dividends. See Note 12,
"Restrictions on Dividends and Loans from Subsidiaries."
 
PREFERRED STOCK
 
     The Corporation's preferred stock is summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          DECEMBER 31,
                                                                      --------------------
                                                                       1995         1994
                                                                      -------     --------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                   <C>         <C>
PREFERRED STOCK, WITHOUT PAR VALUE, 10,000,000 SHARES AUTHORIZED FOR
  ALL ISSUES:
  CONVERTIBLE
     Series A Preferred Stock.......................................  $    --     $     --
     Series B Preferred Stock.......................................    4,400        4,400
     Series D Preferred Stock.......................................       --        5,200
     Series E Preferred Stock.......................................   87,410       77,698
                                                                      -------     --------
          Total convertible preferred stock.........................   91,810       87,298
  NONCONVERTIBLE....................................................       --       13,800
                                                                      -------     --------
          Total preferred stock.....................................  $91,810     $101,098
                                                                      =======     ========
</TABLE>
 
                                       49
<PAGE>   52
 
NOTE 10.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED)
SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK ("SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS PLAN").  In 1989, the Board of
Directors of the Corporation adopted a Share Purchase Rights Plan and
distributed a dividend of one Preferred Share Purchase Right (Right) for each
outstanding share of the Corporation's $5 par value Common Stock and for each
share to be issued thereafter. The Rights are generally designed to deter
coercive takeover tactics and to encourage all persons interested in acquiring
control of the Corporation to deal with each shareholder on a fair and equal
basis. Each Right trades in tandem with its respective share of common stock
until the occurrence of certain events, in which case it would separate from the
common stock and entitle the registered holder, subject to the terms of the
Rights Agreement, to purchase certain equity securities at a price below their
market value. The Corporation has authorized 250,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock for issuance under the Share Purchase Rights Plan, none of which
have been issued.
 
SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK.  The Corporation issued 44,000 shares of $8.00
Nonredeemable, Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock, Series B ("Series B
Preferred Stock"), in a private transaction in connection with the acquisition
of a bank in 1989. Such shares bear a dividend rate of $8.00 per share per
annum; dividends are cumulative and are payable quarterly. The holders of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock have the right, at their option, to convert each
share into 7.722 shares (339,768 shares in total) of the Corporation's Common
Stock. As of December 31, 1995, no shares had been converted. The Series B
Preferred Stock is stated at a liquidation value of $100 per share, is not
subject to any sinking fund provisions, and has no preemptive rights. Holders of
Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as may be required by law
and in certain other limited circumstances.
 
SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK.  In 1992, in connection with an acquisition, the
Corporation issued 253,655 shares of 9.5% Redeemable, Cumulative, Convertible
Preferred Stock, Series D ("Series D Preferred Stock") in a private offering.
Such shares had no par value but had a stated value of $20.50 per share on which
dividends accrued at 9.5% per annum. Dividends were cumulative and payable
quarterly. On July 1, 1995, all Series D Preferred Stock was converted into
253,655 shares of the Corporation's Common Stock.
 
SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK.  In 1992, the Corporation completed a public offering
of 2,200,000 shares of 8% Cumulative, Convertible Preferred Stock, Series E
("Series E Preferred Stock"). Additional shares (1,297,019) were issued in
connection with acquisitions in 1995 and 1993 (see Note 2). One of the
Corporation's pending acquisitions is expected to involve the issuance of Series
E Preferred Stock. Such shares have a stated value of $25 per share on which
dividends accrue at the rate of 8% per annum; dividends are cumulative and are
payable quarterly. The Series E Preferred Stock is not subject to any sinking
fund provisions and has no preemptive rights. Such shares have a liquidation
preference of $25 per share plus unpaid dividends accrued thereon, and with the
prior approval of the Federal Reserve, may be redeemed by the Corporation in
whole or in part at any time after March 31, 1997 at $25 per share. At any time
prior to redemption, each share of Series E Preferred Stock is convertible, at
the option of the holder, into 1.25 shares of the Corporation's Common Stock.
Through December 31, 1995, 600 shares had been converted into the Corporation's
Common Stock. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock have no voting rights except
for those provided by law and in certain other limited circumstances. At
December 31, 1995 and 1994, 3,496,419 and 3,107,922 shares, respectively, were
issued and outstanding.
 
NONCONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK.  In 1992, Capital Bancorporation, Inc. (acquired
by the Corporation on December 31, 1995 in a pooling of interests transaction)
issued 27,600 shares of its 9.75% Increasing Rate, Redeemable, Cumulative
Preferred Stock, Series C. In connection with the Corporation's acquisition, the
Series C Preferred Stock was redeemed on December 31, 1995 at its stated value
of $500 per share plus all dividends accrued and unpaid to that date.
 
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
 
     The Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan ("the Plan") authorizes
the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of authorized but previously unissued Common
Stock to shareholders who choose to invest all or a portion of their cash
dividends or make optional cash purchases. On certain investment dates, shares
may be purchased with reinvested dividends and optional cash payments at a price
of 95% and 100%, respectively, of their fair market value, without brokerage
commissions. Shares issued under this Plan totaled 189,921, 116,678, and 68,188
shares in 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively.
 
                                       50
<PAGE>   53
 
NOTE 11.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
                            CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       -----------------------
                                                                          1995          1994
                                                                       ----------     --------
                                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                    <C>            <C>
ASSETS
  Noninterest-bearing cash in subsidiary bank........................  $    1,512     $    990
  Interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions................      10,000           --
  Demand note receivable from subsidiary bank........................      66,683       84,932
  Advances to and receivables from subsidiaries......................      24,785        5,981
  Investment securities available for sale...........................     171,102        1,854
  Investment in bank subsidiaries....................................     861,928      761,238
  Investment in savings and loan subsidiaries........................      29,609       59,007
  Investment in nonbank subsidiaries.................................       9,732        7,139
  Premises and equipment.............................................       8,976        4,955
  Other assets.......................................................      14,892       23,476
                                                                       ----------     --------
          TOTAL ASSETS...............................................  $1,199,219     $949,572
                                                                        =========     ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Commercial paper...................................................  $       --     $  2,951
  Long-term debt.....................................................     214,255      114,790
  Loans from and payables to subsidiaries............................       3,426       13,695
  Other liabilities..................................................      15,207       12,989
  Shareholders' equity...............................................     966,331      805,147
                                                                       ----------     --------
          TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.................  $1,199,219     $949,572
                                                                        =========     ========
</TABLE>
 
                        CONDENSED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
INCOME
  Dividends from bank subsidiaries.........................  $146,406     $145,950     $ 25,893
  Dividends from savings and loan subsidiaries.............    16,404       18,594        2,199
  Dividends from nonbank subsidiaries......................       500           --           --
  Management fees from subsidiaries........................    29,000       18,508        7,198
  Interest from subsidiaries...............................     3,219        3,913        1,358
  Interest and dividends on investments, loans, and
     interest-bearing deposits at financial institutions...     4,611           29           62
  Investment securities gains (losses).....................        23          (71)          --
  Other income.............................................       455        1,634        1,283
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          Total income.....................................   200,618      188,557       37,993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
EXPENSES
  Interest expense
     Short-term borrowings.................................        80          159          235
     Long-term debt........................................    10,320        8,503        7,447
  Salaries and employee benefits...........................    16,190       11,185        6,029
  Occupancy and equipment expense..........................     6,669        4,947          924
  Other expense............................................    16,938       12,247        4,760
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          Total expenses...................................    50,197       37,041       19,395
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES, EXTRAORDINARY ITEM,
            ACCOUNTING CHANGES, AND EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED
            EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARIES.......................   150,421      151,516       18,598
Tax benefit................................................    (7,576)      (4,847)      (4,092)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          EARNINGS BEFORE EXTRAORDINARY ITEM, ACCOUNTING
            CHANGES, AND EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS
            OF SUBSIDIARIES................................   157,997      156,363       22,690
Extraordinary item -- defeasance of debt, net of taxes.....        --           --       (3,206)
Accounting changes, net of taxes...........................        --           --        2,479
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          EARNINGS BEFORE EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS
            OF SUBSIDIARIES................................   157,997      156,363       21,963
Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries...........   (22,595)     (90,502)      77,640
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          NET EARNINGS.....................................  $135,402     $ 65,861     $ 99,603
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
                                       51
<PAGE>   54
 
NOTE 11.  UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) FINANCIAL INFORMATION
(CONTINUED)
                       CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings.............................................  $135,402     $ 65,861     $ 99,603
  Equity in undistributed (earnings) of subsidiaries.......    22,595       90,502      (77,640)
  Cumulative effect of accounting changes, net of taxes....        --           --       (2,479)
  Deferred income taxes (benefit)..........................       425          239       (1,898)
  Other, net...............................................     9,409      (15,133)       3,908
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash provided by operating activities.............   167,831      141,469       21,494
                                                             --------     --------     --------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net increase in short-term investments...................   (10,000)          --           --
  Purchases of available for sale securities...............  (389,624)          --           --
  Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities.....   221,532          197          123
  Net increase in investment in and receivables from
     subsidiaries..........................................   (55,261)    (119,921)     (16,916)
  Purchases of premises and equipment, net.................    (5,279)      (5,156)          --
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash used in investing activities.................  (238,632)    (124,880)     (16,793)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net (decrease) increase in commercial paper..............    (2,971)      (7,990)       2,616
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net............    99,956           --       73,641
  Repayment and defeasance of long-term debt...............       (49)          --      (34,042)
  Net proceeds from loans from and payables to
     subsidiaries..........................................    (9,668)      13,333           --
  Redemption of preferred stock............................        --      (17,250)          --
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net..............    13,688       11,245       19,611
  Purchases and retirement of common stock, net............      (754)      (3,164)      (1,786)
  Cash dividends paid......................................   (47,128)     (28,996)     (21,180)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Net cash provided (used) by financing activities......    53,074      (32,822)      38,860
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents.......   (17,727)     (16,233)      43,561
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year.....    85,922      102,155       58,594
                                                             --------     --------     --------
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year...........  $ 68,195     $ 85,922     $102,155
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
Noncash Activities. See Note 2 and Note 10, respectively, regarding acquisitions
in 1995, 1994, and 1993 and the conversion of Series D Preferred Stock.
 
NOTE 12.  RESTRICTIONS ON DIVIDENDS AND LOANS FROM SUBSIDIARIES
 
     The amount of dividends which the Corporation's subsidiaries may pay is
limited by applicable laws and regulations. For the subsidiary national banks,
prior regulatory approval is required if dividends to be declared in any year
would exceed net earnings of the current year (as defined under the National
Bank Act) plus retained net profits for the preceding two years. The payment of
dividends by state-chartered bank subsidiaries is regulated by applicable laws
in Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee
and the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). The
payment of dividends by savings and loan subsidiaries is subject to the
regulations of the Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS").
 
     The Corporation has adopted for its state-chartered bank subsidiaries
internal dividend policies that have received approval from the various state
banking commissioners, subject to restrictions. The current policy for Alabama,
Arkansas, and Mississippi subsidiary banks requires a minimum ratio of 7%
tangible equity capital (equity less goodwill and other intangibles) to tangible
assets and paying dividends only equal to the excess without prior approval. The
internal policy adopted for Tennessee banks requires a 6% tangible equity
capital to tangible assets ratio and a 7% tangible primary capital (tangible
equity plus the allowance for losses on loans) to tangible assets ratio be
maintained by the
 
                                       52
<PAGE>   55
 
NOTE 12.  RESTRICTIONS ON DIVIDENDS AND LOANS FROM SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
subsidiaries. The policy approved for the Corporation's Kentucky operations is
the same as for Tennessee except that Kentucky requires the use of Tier 1
capital instead of tangible equity and average quarterly assets instead of
period-end assets. Missouri requires a 6% tangible equity capital ratio. The
Corporation has not received approval from Louisiana for an internal policy.
 
     At January 1, 1996, the banking subsidiaries could have paid dividends to
the Corporation aggregating $35 million without prior regulatory approval.
Future dividends will be dependent on the level of earnings of the subsidiary
financial institutions. UPNB requested permission and received approval in 1994
to pay a special dividend of $98 million in connection with the reorganization
of UPNB into five separately chartered banks. Additional dividends from UPNB
will require prior regulatory approval.
 
     The Corporation's banking subsidiaries are limited by federal law in the
amount of credit which they may extend to their nonbank affiliates, including
the Corporation. Loans to a single nonbank affiliate may not exceed 10% nor
shall loans to all nonbank affiliates exceed 20% of an individual bank's capital
plus its allowance for losses on loans. Such loans must be collateralized by
assets having market values of 100% to 130% of the loan amount depending on the
nature of the collateral. The law imposes no restrictions upon extensions of
credit between FDIC-insured banks which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
Corporation.
 
NOTE 13.  RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND MERGER-RELATED EXPENSES
 
1994 RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
 
     In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation adopted and began
implementation of a specific formal restructuring plan to improve operating
efficiencies and profitability throughout the Corporation. The plan provided for
the reduction of the number of employees in all subsidiaries of the Corporation
through specific voluntary and involuntary separation plans, the closure or
divestiture of certain branches of the banking subsidiaries, and the
consolidation of certain of the Corporation's subsidiary banks and branches
operating in the same or adjacent geographic locations. Management engaged a
nationally recognized consulting firm in 1994 to assist in identifying
performance improvement opportunities and to assist in restructuring branch
operations. The Corporation incurred fees and expenses of approximately $2.2
million in 1994 related to the services provided by the consulting firm.
 
     The Corporation achieved a net reduction in total staff in 1995 of
approximately 690 employees, excluding the employees of the institutions
acquired in 1995. These reductions came from all levels and functions of the
Corporation. The voluntary early retirement and voluntary separation plans were
offered to eligible employees during the fourth quarter of 1994. Three hundred
eighty-eight eligible employees elected by mid-December to accept these plans
resulting in a charge of $12.5 million in the fourth quarter of 1994. Additional
reductions were facilitated by an involuntary separation plan which the
Corporation communicated to all employees in connection with the offering of the
voluntary plans.
 
     At December 31, 1994, the Corporation had identified 38 branch locations
for consolidation, closure or divestiture. At December 31, 1995, the Corporation
had consolidated or otherwise divested 33 branch locations. There were no
additional charges for restructuring in 1995. Final completion of the
Corporation's plan is expected in the first half of 1996. In connection
therewith, the Corporation expects to consolidate or divest itself of 12
additional branch locations, contingent upon receipt of regulatory approvals.
The remaining reserves for these branch closings and employee terminations are
considered adequate.
 
                                       53
<PAGE>   56
 
NOTE 13.  RESTRUCTURING CHARGES AND MERGER-RELATED EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
     The following table provides a reconciliation of the restructuring charges
and the reserves at December 31, 1995 and 1994:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               RESTRUCTURING RESERVES
                                                 --------------------------------------------------
                                                 EMPLOYEE         ASSET
                                                 SEVERANCE     IMPAIRMENTS      OTHER       TOTAL
                                                 ---------     -----------     -------     --------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                              <C>             <C>           <C>         <C>
Restructuring charges in 1994..................  $  16,262       $10,478       $ 2,189     $ 28,929
Less: Cash payments in 1994....................     (3,830)           --          (835)      (4,665)
      Noncash items............................         --        (1,144)           --       (1,144)
                                                 ---------       -------       -------     --------
Reserve balance at December 31, 1994...........     12,432         9,334         1,354       23,120
Less: Cash payments in 1995....................    (11,829)           --        (1,354)     (13,183)
      Noncash items............................         --        (6,591)(1)        --       (6,591)
                                                 ---------       -------       -------     --------
Reserve balance at December 31, 1995...........  $     603       $ 2,743       $    --     $  3,346
                                                 =========       =======       =======     ========
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
(1) Relates to the disposition of branch buildings, furniture and equipment in
    1995.
 
MERGER-RELATED EXPENSES
 
     Incidental to the acquisition of Capital in 1995, the Corporation incurred
certain expenses related to the merger totaling approximately $11.9 million.
These expenses included legal, accounting and financial advisory services of
$1.4 million; employment contract payments, severance and postretirement benefit
expenses of $4.8 million; writedowns and impairments of assets held for sale or
disposal and cancellation of vendor contracts of $4.7 million; and other
merger-related expenses of $1.0 million. All of the merger-related expenses,
except for those for asset impairments, will be settled in cash.
 
     In 1994, incidental to the acquisition of Grenada and several other
institutions, the Corporation incurred certain expenses related to the mergers
of approximately $14.9 million. These expenses included legal, accounting and
financial advisory services of $2.5 million; employment contract payments,
severance and postemployment and postretirement benefit expenses of $3.8
million; termination of a pension plan of $1.4 million; impairments of assets
held for sale or disposal and cancellation of vendor contracts of $3.6 million;
and other merger-related expenses of $3.6 million.
 
                                       54
<PAGE>   57
 
NOTE 14.  OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE
 
     The major components of other noninterest income and expense are summarized
as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME
  Credit life insurance commissions........................  $  4,895     $  4,319     $  4,004
  Customer ATM usage fees..................................     3,201        2,830        1,602
  Sale of servicing........................................     2,282          854        1,035
  VSIBG partnership earnings...............................     1,992        1,819        3,652
  Brokerage fee income.....................................     1,849        1,457        1,662
  Litigation settlement....................................        --        2,200           --
  Other....................................................    22,957       16,870       20,193
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total other noninterest income........................  $ 37,176     $ 30,349     $ 32,148
                                                             ========     ========     ========
OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE
  Restructuring charges (Note 13)..........................  $     --     $ 28,929     $     --
  Merger-related expenses (Note 13)........................    11,911       14,862        2,113
  FDIC insurance assessments...............................    12,320       20,203       19,579
  Stationery and supplies..................................    11,939       10,755        8,685
  Advertising and promotion................................    11,550       11,677        9,363
  Postage and carrier......................................    11,544        9,829        8,500
  Other contracted services................................     8,126        6,687        6,787
  Communications...........................................     7,856        6,827        6,276
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles...........     7,666        7,559        9,192
  Brokerage and clearing fees..............................     5,887        2,969        4,414
  Other personnel services.................................     5,753        4,081        2,504
  Miscellaneous charge-offs................................     4,882        2,637        1,545
  Merchant credit card charges.............................     4,468        4,136        5,073
  Legal fees...............................................     4,407        5,450        3,634
  Dues, subscriptions, and contributions...................     3,836        4,124        3,957
  Taxes other than income taxes............................     3,481        3,604        3,424
  Travel...................................................     3,215        2,659        2,791
  Audit fees...............................................     3,208        3,761        2,645
  Insurance................................................     2,108        2,859        2,287
  Consultant fees..........................................     2,093        1,358        1,248
  Federal Reserve fees.....................................     1,775        1,671        2,088
  Amortization and write-offs of mortgage servicing
     rights................................................     1,554        2,104        3,367
  Other real estate expense................................     1,197          874        3,839
  Consumer loan marketing program..........................        --       14,446           --
  Provisions for conversion of data processing systems.....        --           --        4,424
  Other....................................................    22,715       21,679       13,622
                                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total other noninterest expense.......................  $153,491     $195,740     $131,357
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
 
401(K) RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN.  The Corporation's 401(k) Retirement Savings
Plan ("401(k) Plan") is available to employees having one or more years of
service and who work in excess of 1,000 hours per year. Employees may
voluntarily contribute 1 to 16 percent of their gross compensation on a pretax
basis up to a maximum of $9,240 in 1995 and the Corporation makes a matching
contribution of 50 to 100 percent of the amounts contributed by the employee (up
to 6% of compensation) depending upon his or her eligible years of service. The
Corporation's contributions to the 401(k) Plan for 1995, 1994, and 1993 were
$2.9 million, $2.0 million, and $1.8 million, respectively.
 
EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN AND TRUST.  The Employee Stock Ownership Plan and
Trust ("ESOP") is noncontributory and covers employees having one or more years
of service and who work
 
                                       55
<PAGE>   58
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
in excess of 1,000 hours per year. The amounts of contributions to the ESOP are
determined annually at the discretion of the Board of Directors and were $3
million, $2 million, and $2 million for 1995, 1994, and 1993, respectively. At
December 31, 1995, the ESOP held 1,057,331 shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock, all of which were allocated to participants.
 
STOCK OPTION PLANS.  Certain employees and directors of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries are eligible to receive options or restricted stock grants under
the 1992 Stock Incentive Plan. A maximum of 1,600,000 shares of the
Corporation's Common Stock may be issued through the exercise of nonstatutory or
incentive stock options and as restricted stock awards. The option price is the
fair value of the Corporation's shares at the date of grant. Options granted
generally become exercisable in installments of 20% to 33 1/3% each year
beginning one year from date of grant. Additional options under a former plan
and options assumed in connection with various acquisitions remain outstanding,
however, no further options will be granted under such plans. Additional
information with respect to the number of shares of the Corporation's Common
Stock which are subject to stock options is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEARS ENDED 
                                                                            DECEMBER 31,
                                                                         ---------------------
                                                                           1995         1994
                                                                         --------     --------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
Options
  Outstanding, beginning of year......................................    874,042      700,227
  Granted.............................................................    225,040      397,665
  Exercised...........................................................   (198,975)    (193,728)
  Canceled or surrendered.............................................    (53,583)     (30,122)
                                                                         --------     --------
  Outstanding, end of year............................................    846,524      874,042
                                                                         ========     ========
Options becoming exercisable during the year..........................    137,836      284,697
                                                                         ========     ========
Options exercisable at end of year....................................    537,562      624,012
                                                                         ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     Exercise prices ranged from $5.55 to $32.25 in 1995 and from $5.55 to
$28.13 in 1994.
 
RETIREE HEALTHCARE AND LIFE INSURANCE.  The Corporation provides certain
healthcare and life insurance benefits to retired employees who had completed
twenty years of unbroken full-time service immediately prior to retirement and
who have attained age 60 or more. Healthcare benefits are provided partially
through an insurance company (for retirees age 65 and above) and partially
through direct payment of claims.
 
     The following table reflects the Corporation's net periodic postretirement
benefit costs for 1995 and 1994 which were determined assuming a discount rate
of 8% for 1995 and 7% for 1994 and an expected return on Plan assets of 5%:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEARS ENDED 
                                                                            DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          --------------------
                                                                           1995          1994
                                                                          ------         -----
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                       <C>            <C>
Service cost...........................................................   $  203         $ 198
Interest cost of accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.........    1,005           713
Amortization of unrecognized net (gain) loss...........................       (5)           84
Return on Plan assets..................................................     (363)         (286)
                                                                          -------        -------
                                                                             
Total..................................................................   $  840         $ 709
                                                                          ========       ========
</TABLE>
 
                                       56
<PAGE>   59
 
NOTE 15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
     The following table sets forth the Plans' funded status and the amounts
reported in the Corporation's consolidated balance sheet:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                           -------------------
                                                                            1995        1994
                                                                           -------     -------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                                         
<S>                                                                        <C>         <C>
Fair value of Plan assets...............................................   $10,058     $ 9,114
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation ("APBO"):
  Retirees..............................................................     9,833      10,524
  Fully eligible Plan participants......................................       230         160
  Other active Plan participants........................................     3,946       2,810
                                                                           --------    --------
          Total APBO....................................................    14,009      13,494
                                                                           --------    --------
          APBO in excess of Plan assets.................................   $(3,951)    $(4,380)
                                                                           ========    ========
Reconciliation of fund's status to reported amounts:
  Accrued liability included in consolidated balance sheet, including
     unfunded portion of transition obligation..........................   $(4,736)    $(4,477)
  Unrecognized net gain.................................................       785          97
                                                                           --------    --------
          APBO in excess of Plan assets.................................   $(3,951)    $(4,380)
                                                                           ========    ========
</TABLE>
 
     The assumed discount rate used to measure the APBO was 7% at December 31,
1995 and 8% at December 31, 1994. The weighted average healthcare cost trend
rate in 1995 was 11%, gradually declining to an ultimate projected rate in 2001
of 5%. A one percent increase in the assumed healthcare cost trend rates for
each future year would have increased the aggregate of the service and interest
cost components of the 1995 net periodic postretirement benefit cost by $121,000
and would have increased the APBO as of December 31, 1995 by $1 million.
 
     The Corporation has established a Voluntary Employees' Beneficiary
Association Trust ("VEBA") and through December 31, 1995, had made contributions
into the VEBA of $11.6 million, the maximum amount deductible for federal income
tax purposes. Additional contributions will be made to the VEBA by the
Corporation annually which will be the source of funding for future
postretirement benefits.
 
ACQUIRED INSTITUTIONS.  Certain of the acquired institutions have sponsored
various employee benefit and retirement plans. Such plans have been or are in
the process of being terminated and the employees now participate in the
Corporation's benefit and retirement plans. At December 31, 1995, certain
institutions acquired in 1995 had outstanding plans including defined benefit
pension plans, 401(k) plans and ESOPs. The liabilities, if any, for such
terminations have been recorded as of December 31, 1995.
 
NOTE 16.  INCOME TAXES
 
     The components of income tax expense are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                               --------------------------------
                                                                1995        1994         1993
                                                               -------     -------     --------
                                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Current tax expense
  Federal....................................................  $57,811     $17,428     $ 34,845
  State......................................................    6,801       3,048        6,665
                                                               -------     -------     --------
     Total current tax expense...............................   64,612      20,476       41,510
                                                               -------     -------     --------
Deferred tax expense (benefit)
  Federal....................................................   (1,277)      4,078      (13,250)
  State......................................................    1,951         913       (4,465)
                                                               -------     -------     --------
     Total deferred tax expense (benefit)....................      674       4,991      (17,715)
                                                               -------     -------     --------
          Total income tax expense...........................  $65,286     $25,467     $ 23,795
                                                               =======     =======     ========
</TABLE>
 
                                       57
<PAGE>   60
 
NOTE 16.  INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
     For 1993, income taxes included in the financial statements is summarized
as follows (Dollars in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                 <C>
Applicable income taxes...........................................................  $ 41,168
Tax benefit related to extraordinary item.........................................    (2,040)
Tax benefit related to the cumulative effect of accounting changes................   (15,333)
                                                                                    --------
          Total income tax expense................................................  $ 23,795
                                                                                    ========
</TABLE>
 
     Deferred tax assets/liabilities are comprised of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                                           -------------------
                                                                            1995        1994
                                                                           -------     -------
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                                         
<S>                                                                        <C>         <C>
Deferred tax assets
  Losses on loans and other real estate..................................  $44,326     $45,623
  Postretirement and postemployment benefits.............................    1,745       1,329
  Amortization of intangibles............................................    1,859       1,797
  Deferred compensation plans............................................    4,416       5,074
  Unrealized loss on securities..........................................       --      18,466
  Restructuring and merger-related charges...............................    4,249       4,932
  Other deferred items...................................................   14,524      16,713
                                                                           -------     -------
          Total deferred tax assets......................................   71,119      93,934
                                                                           -------     -------
Deferred tax liabilities
  Book over tax basis in purchased loans.................................    9,010       6,849
  Stock basis difference.................................................    3,301       1,969
  Unrealized gain on securities..........................................   13,381          --
  Other deferred items...................................................    6,363      13,726
                                                                           -------     -------
          Total deferred tax liabilities.................................   32,055      22,544
                                                                           -------     -------
          Net deferred tax asset.........................................  $39,064     $71,390
                                                                           =======     =======
</TABLE>
 
     The change in the net deferred tax asset during the year is a result of the
addition of deferred tax assets of acquired companies, the net change in
unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities and current period
deferred tax expense of $674,000. The realization of a portion of the deferred
tax asset is based upon management's conclusion that future operating profits
will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the related deductions and
loss carryforwards.
 
     Income tax expense as a percentage of earnings before income taxes,
extraordinary item, and accounting changes is reconciled with the statutory
federal income tax rate of 35% as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                             ----------------------------------
                                                               1995         1994         1993
                                                             --------     --------     --------
                                                                   (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                          <C>          <C>          <C>
Computed "expected" tax....................................  $ 70,241     $ 31,965     $ 48,369
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit.............     5,689        2,616        4,459
Tax-exempt interest, net...................................   (11,311)     (11,709)     (11,759)
Amortization of goodwill...................................     2,030        1,838        1,789
Other, net.................................................    (1,363)         757       (1,690)
                                                             --------     --------     --------
          Applicable income tax............................  $ 65,286     $ 25,467     $ 41,168
                                                             ========     ========     ========
</TABLE>
 
     Income tax (benefit) expense applicable to securities transactions was
($.9) million for 1995, ($7.1) million for 1994, and $1.8 million for 1993.
 
     Retained earnings at both December 31, 1995 and 1994 includes approximately
$7.7 million for which no deferred tax liability has been provided. This amount
represents deductions for loan loss reserves of thrift subsidiaries which have
been taken for tax purposes only. Reduction of such retained earnings for
purposes other than tax losses or adjustments arising from the carryback of net
operating
 
                                       58
<PAGE>   61
 
NOTE 16.  INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
losses would generate an immediate income tax liability. The unrecorded deferred
income tax liability for this item was approximately $3.0 million at both
December 31, 1995 and 1994.
 
NOTE 17.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK
 
     In the normal course of business, the Corporation is a party to various
types of financial instruments in order to meet the financing needs of its
customers and to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These
instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest-rate
risk and are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. For these instruments, the exposure to credit loss is limited to the
contractual amount of the instrument. The Corporation follows the same credit
policies in making commitments and contractual obligations as it does for
on-balance-sheet instruments. In addition, controls for these instruments
related to approval, monetary limits, and monitoring procedures are established
by the Corporation's Directors' Loan Committee. The following table presents the
contractual amounts of these types of instruments.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           CONTRACT AMOUNT
                                                                            DECEMBER 31,
                                                                       -----------------------
                                                                        1995             1994
                                                                       ------           ------
                                                                        (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                                    <C>              <C>
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WHOSE CONTRACT AMOUNTS REPRESENT CREDIT RISK
     Commitments to extend credit (excluding credit card plans)......  $1,131           $1,006
     Commitments to extend credit under credit card plans............   1,158              975
     Standby, commercial, and similar letters of credit..............      75               73
</TABLE>
 
     Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to
customers for specific purposes, at stipulated rates, with fixed expiration and
review dates if the conditions in the agreement are met, and may require payment
of a fee. Since many of the commitments normally expire without being drawn
upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements. Collateral held, if any, varies but may include accounts
receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, income producing
properties, or securities. Loan commitments with an original maturity of one
year or less or which are unconditionally cancelable totaled $2.0 billion and
loan commitments with a maturity over one year which are not unconditionally
cancelable totaled $277 million.
 
     Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk
involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved
in extending loan facilities to customers. The Corporation in some cases holds
various types of collateral to support those commitments for which collateral is
deemed necessary. The outstanding letters of credit expire between 1996 and
2010.
 
     Other outstanding off-balance-sheet instruments are forward contracts,
interest-rate swap agreements, and commitments to purchase or sell when-issued
securities. The following table presents the notional amounts of these types of
instruments.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            NOTIONAL AMOUNT
                                                                             DECEMBER 31,
                                                                          -------------------
                                                                          1995           1994
                                                                         (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 <S>                                                                      <C>            <C>
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WHOSE NOTIONAL CONTRACT AMOUNTS EXCEED THE AMOUNTS
  OF ACTUAL CREDIT RISK
     Forward contracts..................................................  $ 52           $ 28
     Interest-rate swap agreements......................................   200            310
     When-issued securities
       Commitments to sell..............................................    97             41
       Commitments to purchase..........................................    94             33
</TABLE>
 
     Forward contracts are contracts for delayed delivery of securities or money
market instruments in which the seller agrees to make delivery at a specified
future date of a specified instrument, at a specified price or yield. Risks
arise from the possible inability of the counterparties to meet the terms of
their contracts and from market movements in securities values and interest
rates. The Corporation
 
                                       59
<PAGE>   62
 
NOTE 17.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK (CONTINUED)
as seller utilizes short-term forward commitments to deliver mortgages to
protect the Corporation against rate changes which could impact the value of
mortgage originations to be securitized or otherwise sold to investors. Such
commitments to deliver mortgages generally have maturities of 90 days or less.
 
     An interest-rate swap generally involves the exchange of floating-rate for
fixed-rate interest payment streams on a specified notional principal amount for
an agreed upon period of time without the exchange of the underlying principal
amounts. Notional principal amounts often are used to express the volume of
these transactions, however, the amounts potentially subject to credit risk
would be much smaller. The Corporation's credit risk involves the possible
default of the counterparty.
 
     The Corporation has a policy for its use of derivative products for
purposes other than trading, including interest-rate swaps, which has been
approved and is monitored by the Funds Management Committee and the Board of
Directors. The policy requires that individual positions for derivative products
shall not exceed $100 million notional amount and that open positions in the
aggregate shall not exceed 10% of consolidated total assets. Any exceptions to
the policy must be approved by the Board of Directors. The open positions are
reviewed monthly by the Funds Management Committee to monitor compliance with
established policies. As of December 31, 1995, there were no positions which
would be regarded as an exception under the Corporation's policy.
 
     The Corporation entered into the following interest-rate swap agreements
which are used to manage its interest-rate risk related to certain
on-balance-sheet assets and liabilities. The Corporation receives fixed-rate
payments and pays variable-rate payments. The interest-rate swaps have the
economic effect of converting specific assets (loans and investment securities)
from floating-rate to fixed-rate instruments and converting certain long-term
debt from a fixed-rate to a floating-rate. The Corporation is the end-user on
all interest-rate swaps and does not act as a dealer in these instruments. A
summary of the Corporation's interest-rate swaps at December 31, 1995 and 1994
follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             NET INTEREST
                                                                                INCOME
                                                                                IMPACT        UNREALIZED
                                                                             ------------    GAIN (LOSS)
                                           CURRENT RATES (A)                                --------------
                             NOTIONAL     -------------------                YEARS ENDED
                              AMOUNT      VARIABLE    FIXED                  DECEMBER 31,    DECEMBER 31,
                            -----------     RATE       RATE     MATURITY     ------------   --------------
BALANCE SHEET INSTRUMENTS   1995   1994     PAID     RECEIVED     DATE       1995    1994   1995     1994
- --------------------------  ----   ----   --------   --------   --------     -----   ----   -----   ------
                                (IN                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
                             MILLIONS)
<S>                         <C>    <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>          <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>
Loans (b).................  $150   $150     5.63%      5.22%    1/96-99 (c)  $(1.6)  $1.1   $ (.4)  $(14.2)
Securities (d)............    --    100       --         --     --              --    (.1)     --       --
Long-term
  debt-debentures.........    50     50     5.81       4.46     5/96           (.9)   (.1)    (.3)    (2.1)
Long-term debt- FHLB
  advances................    --     10       --         --     --              .1     .5      --       .3
                            ----   ----                                      -----   ----   -----   ------
          Total...........  $200   $310                                      $(2.4)  $1.4   $ (.7)  $(16.0)
                            ====   ====                                      =====   ====   =====   ======
</TABLE>
 
- ---------------
 
(a) The variable rates paid are tied to the three- and six-month LIBOR rates,
    respectively, for the loans and debenture swaps. The next repricing dates
    for the loans swap is January 1996 and the debenture swap does not reprice
    prior to maturity.
(b) The loan interest-rate swap was entered into to reduce the volatility of net
    interest income. At the time the swap was executed, management reduced the
    risk associated with stable or further declining interest rates and the
    resultant impact on net interest income.
(c) This interest-rate swap's amortization period changes quarterly based on
    changes in the underlying index rate. On January 5, 1996, the variable rate
    for this swap was 5.63% and $109 million of this swap matured, leaving a
    balance of $41 million as of that date. If the index rate should remain at
    this rate, the swap would mature on April 5, 1996.
(d) Management sold the securities related to this interest-rate swap in January
    1995. At December 31, 1994, the Corporation recognized a $1.1 million
    unrealized loss on this interest-rate swap.
 
     When-issued securities are commitments to either purchase or sell
securities when, as, and if they are issued. The trades are contingent upon the
actual issuance of the security. These transactions represent conditional
commitments made by the Corporation and risk arises from the possible inability
of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from market
movements in securities values and interest rates.
 
CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK.  Through its subsidiary banks in Tennessee,
Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and Kentucky, the
Corporation grants commercial, agricultural,
 
                                       60
<PAGE>   63
 
NOTE 17.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK (CONTINUED)
residential, and consumer loans to customers throughout those states. The amount
and percentage of total loans outstanding by the state in which the subsidiaries
were headquartered at December 31, 1995 were as follows: Tennessee $3.4 billion
(48%), Mississippi $1.7 billion (24%), Missouri $787 million (11%), Arkansas
$552 million (8%), Louisiana $366 million (5%), Alabama $182 million (3%), and
Kentucky $78 million (1%). Although the Corporation has a diversified loan
portfolio, the ability of its debtors to honor their contracts is to some extent
dependent upon economic conditions prevailing throughout the above states and
the surrounding areas.
 
NOTE 18.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
     The carrying values and fair values of the Corporation's financial
instruments are summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     DECEMBER 31, 1995         DECEMBER 31, 1994
                                                  -----------------------   -----------------------
                                                   CARRYING       FAIR       CARRYING       FAIR
                                                    VALUE        VALUE        VALUE        VALUE
                                                  ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                               <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
FINANCIAL ASSETS
  Cash and short-term investments...............  $  803,175   $  803,175   $  569,510   $  569,510
  Trading account assets........................     121,927      121,927      155,951      155,951
  Loans held for resale.........................      68,819       68,819       25,881       25,881
  Investment securities -- available for sale...   2,774,890    2,774,890    1,937,942    1,937,942
  Investment securities -- held to maturity.....          --           --    1,146,168    1,121,117
  Net loans.....................................   6,936,366    7,113,907    6,587,631    6,424,698
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
  Demand deposits...............................   4,666,324    4,666,324    4,867,693    4,867,693
  Time deposits.................................   4,781,412    4,803,287    4,385,472    4,367,728
  Short-term borrowings.........................     241,023      241,023      455,010      455,010
  Federal Home Loan Bank advances...............     268,892      269,141      224,103      218,353
  Long-term debt, excluding capital lease
     obligations................................     214,484      217,155      130,087      117,260
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  Forward contracts.............................          --         (665)          --          (37)
  Interest-rate swaps...........................        (333)        (720)      (1,455)     (17,127)
</TABLE>
 
     The following methods and assumptions were used by the Corporation in
estimating the fair value for financial instruments:
 
     CASH AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS.  The carrying amount for cash and
short-term investments approximates the fair value of the assets. Included in
this classification are cash and due from banks (nonearning assets), federal
funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and interest-
bearing deposits at financial institutions.
 
     TRADING ACCOUNT ASSETS.  These instruments are carried in the consolidated
balance sheet at values which approximate their fair values based on quoted
market prices of similar instruments.
 
     LOANS HELD FOR RESALE.  These instruments are carried in the consolidated
balance sheet at the lower of cost or market. The fair values of these
instruments are based on subsequent liquidation values of the instruments which
did not result in any significant gains or losses.
 
     INVESTMENT SECURITIES.  Fair values of these instruments are based on
quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not
available, fair values are based on the quoted values of similar instruments.
 
     LOANS.  The fair values of loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analyses and using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar
terms to borrowers of similar credit quality and risk.
 
                                       61
<PAGE>   64
 
NOTE 18.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
     DEMAND DEPOSITS.  The fair values of these instruments (i.e., checking
accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, and NOW accounts)
are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date
(i.e., their carrying amount).
 
     TIME DEPOSITS.  The fair values of time deposits (i.e., certificates of
deposit, IRAs, investment savings, etc.) are estimated using a discounted cash
flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on these
instruments to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time
deposits.
 
     SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS.  The carrying amount of short-term borrowings (i.e.,
federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
commercial paper, and other short-term borrowings) approximates their fair
values.
 
     FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES.  The fair value of these advances is
estimated using discounted cash flow analyses and using the FHLB-quoted rates of
borrowing for advances with similar terms.
 
     LONG-TERM DEBT.  The fair value of long-term debt is based on quoted market
prices for the Corporation's publicly traded debt.
 
     OFF-BALANCE-SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS.  Fair values of off-balance-sheet
instruments are based on current settlement values for forward contracts and
when-issued securities and quoted market prices for interest-rate swaps. The
fair value of interest-rate swaps represents the gross unrealized gain (loss) in
these contracts. At both December 31, 1995 and 1994, there were no gains or
losses related to when-issued securities. The fair value of commitments to
extend credit and letters of credit (see Note 17) is not presented, since
management believes the fair value to be insignificant, as the instruments are
expected to expire unused and the fees charged on such instruments are not
significant.
 
NOTE 19.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
 
     The Corporation and/or various subsidiaries are parties to various pending
civil actions, all of which are being defended vigorously. Additionally, the
Corporation and/or its subsidiaries are parties to various legal proceedings
that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. Management is of the
opinion, based upon present information, including evaluations of outside
counsel, that neither the Corporation's financial position, results of
operations, nor liquidity will be materially affected by the ultimate resolution
of pending or threatened legal proceedings.
 
     Certain of the Corporation's Mississippi banks ("UPC Banks") are defendants
in various lawsuits pending in state and Federal courts in Mississippi related
to the collateral protection insurance ("CPI") program in effect in the UPC
Banks in the 1980s and early 1990s. Three of the Federal actions purport to have
been brought as class actions and include allegations that premiums were
excessive and improperly calculated; coverages were improper and not disclosed;
and improper payments were paid to the UPC Banks by the insurance companies,
allegedly constituting violations of various state and Federal statutes and the
common laws. The CPI programs appear to have been substantially similar in many
respects to CPI programs of other Mississippi banks, often with the same
insurance carriers. Consequently, there are now approximately thirteen similar
putative class actions pending against at least five Mississippi banks
(including those against the UPC Banks), various insurance agencies and carriers
based upon their CPI programs. The relief sought in the purported class actions
includes actual damages, treble damages under certain statutes, other statutory
damages, and unspecified punitive damages, while one of the individual suits
seeks actual damages of $5 million and another seeks $25 million in punitive
damages.
 
     Certain of the Corporation's broker/dealer subsidiaries (now inactive) were
among the numerous defendants in various individual and class actions pending in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana involving
the issuance and sale of eight taxable municipal bond issues. During the fourth
quarter of 1995, the court approved settlement of these actions (which
settlement was without material loss to the Corporation) and dismissed the
actions with prejudice as they related to the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
 
                                       62
<PAGE>   65
 
NOTE 19.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
 
     Certain subsidiaries of the Corporation were threatened in 1989 with a
civil action by the FDIC for the estate of a closed savings association, which
action would reportedly seek compensatory damages of at least $37 million and
other relief resulting from the sale of covered call options to such
association. A tolling and forbearance agreement, entered into by all parties to
the threatened action in 1989, continues in effect. During the fourth quarter of
1995, counsel for the FDIC indicated that the FDIC does not intend to pursue
this matter.
 
NOTE 20.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT (UNAUDITED)
 
     On March 8, 1996, the Corporation entered into an agreement and plan of
merger to acquire all of the outstanding stock of Leader Financial Corporation
("LFC"), a publicly traded Tennessee thrift holding company, in a tax-free
acquisition to be accounted for as a pooling of interests. Pursuant to the
merger agreement, the Corporation will exchange 1.525 shares of its Common
Stock, or approximately 16.6 million shares, for each outstanding common share
of LFC. The merger is subject to satisfaction of certain contractual conditions
to closing, regulatory and shareholder approvals and is expected to be
consummated in the fourth quarter of 1996. At December 31, 1995, LFC reported
approximately $3.1 billion in total assets, $1.6 billion in total deposits, $247
million in shareholders' equity and 1995 net earnings of approximately $37
million.
 
                                       63
<PAGE>   66
 
                           UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
 
                               EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 
BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
JACKSON W. MOORE
President and Chief Operating Officer
 
JACK W. PARKER
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
 
JAMES A. GURLEY
Executive Vice President
 
M. KIRK WALTERS
Senior Vice President, Treasurer,
and Chief Accounting Officer
 
                               BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
ALBERT M. AUSTIN
Chairman of the Board
Cannon, Austin and Cannon, Inc.
 
MARVIN E. BRUCE
Chairman of the Board
(Retired)
TBC Corporation
 
GEORGE W. BRYAN
Senior Vice President
Sara Lee Corporation
 
ROBERT B. COLBERT, JR.
Chairman of the Board
(Retired)
Signal Apparel Co., Inc.
 
C. J. LOWRANCE III
President
Lowrance Brothers & Co., Inc.
 
JACKSON W. MOORE
President and Chief Operating Officer
Union Planters Corporation
 
STANLEY D. OVERTON
Chairman of the Board
Union Planters Bank of
Middle Tennessee, N.A.
 
BENJAMIN W. RAWLINS, JR.
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Union Planters Corporation
Union Planters National Bank
 
DR. V. LANE RAWLINS
President
The University of Memphis
 
MIKE P. STURDIVANT
President
Due West Gin Co., Inc.
 
RICHARD A. TRIPPEER, JR.
President
R. A. Trippeer, Inc.
 
MILTON J. WOMACK
President
Milton J. Womack, Inc.
Chairman of the Board
Union Planters Bank of Louisiana
 
                                       64
<PAGE>   67
 
                      [UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION LOGO]
 
                             CORPORATE INFORMATION
 
ANNUAL MEETING
Thursday, April 25, 1996 at 10 a.m.
Union Planters Administrative Center
Assembly Room C
7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway
Memphis, Tennessee 38018
 
CORPORATE OFFICES
7130 Goodlett Farms Parkway
Memphis, Tennessee 38018
 
CORPORATE MAILING ADDRESS
P. O. Box 387
Memphis, Tennessee 38147
 
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
Union Planters National Bank
Corporate Trust Operations
6200 Poplar Avenue, Suite 300
Memphis, Tennessee 38119
(901) 383-6960
 
DIVIDEND PAYING AGENT
Union Planters National Bank
Corporate Trust Operations
6200 Poplar Avenue, Suite 300
Memphis, Tennessee 38119
(901) 383-6960
 
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Price Waterhouse LLP
 
STOCK AND OPTION LISTINGS
Common
  NYSE Symbol: UPC
  Wall Street Journal: UnPlantr
Series E Convertible Preferred
  NASDAQ NMS Symbol: UPCPO
  Wall Street Journal: UnPlantr pfE
Options
  Philadelphia Stock Exchange
       
[LOGO UPC LISTED NYSE] 

FOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTACT
Jack W. Parker
Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
(901) 383-6781
 
FORM 10-K
Copies of the Corporation's
Annual Report on Form 10-K
as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission are
available on request by
calling the Corporate Marketing
Division at (901) 383-6604.
 
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND
STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
The Plan allows Union Planters
shareholders to reinvest their
dividends in Union Planters
Common Stock at a 5% discount
from market. No brokerage
commissions or service charges
are paid by shareholders.
The Plan also permits those
participating in the Plan to
buy additional shares
with optional cash payments
and no brokerage commissions.
Full details are available
by calling (901) 383-6960 or
writing Union Planters
Corporate Trust Operations.
 
The Corporation's banking
subsidiaries are members of the
FDIC and are Equal Housing
Lenders. UPC and its subsidiaries
are Equal Opportunity Employers.

                       

<PAGE>   68
UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION
P.O. BOX 387
MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE 38147
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>NAME OF REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     EXHIBIT 21


UNION PLANTERS CORPORATION, Registrant,
A registered bank holding company and a savings and loan holding company



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  STATE OR                         PERCENTAGE
                                                                                 JURISDICTION                      OF VOTING
                                                                                 UNDER LAWS OF                     SECURITIES
NAME OF REGISTRANT AND SUBSIDIARIES                                             WHICH ORGANIZED                      OWNED
- -----------------------------------                                           --------------------              ----------------
<S>                                                                               <C>                               <C>      
Union Planters Corporation (Registrant)                                           Tennessee
Union Planters National Bank (a)                                                  United States                     100.00%
        Investment Group Mortgage Corporation (b and g)                           Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Jackson, National Association (a)                          Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Middle Tennessee, National Association (a)                 Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of East Tennessee, National Association (a)                   Tennessee                         100.00%
        Foothills Financial Services (c)                                          Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Chattanooga, National Association (a)Tennessee                                               100.00%
Union Planters Bank of the Tennessee Valley (a) Tennessee                                                           100.00%
Union Planters Bank of the Cumberlands (a)                                        Tennessee                         100.00%
First National Bank of Crossville (a)                                             United States                     100.00%
First Citizens Bank of Hohenwald (a)                                              Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bancshares, Inc. (a)                                               Arkansas                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Northeast Arkansas, (d)                            Arkansas                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Central Arkansas,                                                               
         National Association (d)                                                 United States                     100.00%
                First North Central Insurance, Inc. (e and g)                     Arkansas                          100.00%
Union Planters Bank of East Arkansas (a)                                          Arkansas                          100.00%
Bank of East Tennessee (a)                                                        Tennessee                         100.00%
        Southeastern Credit Life Insurance Company (f)                            Arizona                           100.00%
First State Bank of Fayette County (a)                                            Tennessee                         100.00%
Bank of Goodlettsville (a)                                                        Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of North Central Tennessee (a)                                Tennessee                         100.00%
The First State Bank (a)                                                          Tennessee                         100.00%
Bank of Commerce (a)                                                              Tennessee                         100.00%
        Bancom Services, Inc. (h and g)                                           Tennessee                         100.00%
Central State Bank (a)                                                            Tennessee                         100.00%
Mid-South Bancorp, Inc. (a and g)                                                 Kentucky                          100.00%
        Simpson County Bank (i)                                                   Kentucky                          100.00%
        General Trust Company (i and g)                                           Tennessee                         100.00%
First National Bancorp of Shelbyville (a and g)                                   Tennessee                         100.00%
        First National Bank of Shelbyville (j)                                    Tennessee                         100.00%
Liberty Bancshares, Inc. (a and g)                                                Tennessee                         100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Northwest Tennessee FSB (k)                        United States                     100.00%
                Northwest Tennessee Service Corporation (l)                       Tennessee                         100.00%
BNF Bancorp, Inc. (a)                                                             Delaware                          100.00%
        BANKFIRST, a federal savings bank (m)                                     United States                     100.00%
Commercial Bancorp, Inc. (a and g)                                                Tennessee                         100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of West Tennessee (n)                                 Tennessee                         100.00%
                Summit Insurance, Inc. (o)                                        Tennessee                         100.00%
                Exchange Credit Corporation (o)                                   Tennessee                         100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Mississippi (a)                                            Mississippi                       100.00%
        Sunburst Mortgage Corporation (p)                                         Mississippi                       100.00%
        System Properties, Inc. (p and g)                                         Mississippi                       100.00%
        Sunburst Building, Inc. (p and g)                                         Mississippi                       100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Southern Mississippi (a)                                   Mississippi                       100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Central Mississippi (a)                                    Mississippi                       100.00%
        Sunburst Financial Services, Inc. d/b/a Rapid Finance (q)                 Mississippi                       100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Northwest Mississippi (a)                                  Mississippi                       100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Northeast Mississippi,                                                                  
 National Association (a)                                                         United States                     100.00%
Union Planters Bank of Louisiana (a)                                              Louisiana                         100.00%
        Capbanc Leasing Corporation (r and g)                                     Louisiana                         100.00%
        Capital Equity Corporation (r)                                            Louisiana                         100.00%
        Collection Accounts (r and g)                                             Louisiana                         100.00%
        Mainstreet Development Corporation (r)                                    Louisiana                         100.00%

</TABLE>

<PAGE>   2

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                               <C>                               <C>
Union Planters Brokerage Services, Inc. (a)                                       Delaware                          100.00%
Union Planters Investment Bankers Corporation (a and g)                           Tennessee                         100.00%
        Union Planters Investment Bankers Group, Inc. (s and g)                   Tennessee                         100.00%
        UMIC, Inc. (s and g)                                                      Tennessee                         100.00%
        UMIC Securities Corporation (s and g)                                     Tennessee                         100.00%
Southwestern Investment Company (a)                                               Tennessee                         100.00%
Planters Life Insurance Company (a)                                               Arizona                           100.00%
Tennessee Equity Mortgage Corporation (a and g)                                   Tennessee                         100.00%
Guardian Realty Company (a and g)                                                 Alabama                           100.00%
Capital Bancorporation, Inc. (a)                                                  Tennessee                         100.00%
        Century State Bancshares, Inc. (t)                                        Missouri                          100.00%
                Union Planters Bank of Mid Missouri (u)                           Missouri                          100.00%
        Maryland Avenue Bancorporation, Inc. (t)                                  Missouri                          100.00%
                Union Planters Bank of Missouri(v)                                Missouri                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Cape Girardeau County (t)                          Missouri                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Southwest Missouri (t)                             Missouri                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Sikeston (t)                                       Missouri                          100.00%
        Union Planters Bank of Perryville, National Association (t)               United States                     100.00%
        Capital Services Corporation (t)                                          Missouri                          100.00%
First Bancshares of Eastern Arkansas, Inc.(a)                                     Arkansas                          100.00%
        First National Bank in West Memphis (w)                                   United States                     100.00%
First Bancshares of N.E. Arkansas, Inc. (a)                                       Arkansas                          100.00%
        First National Bank in Osceola (x)                                        United States                     100.00%
</TABLE>


(a) Subsidiary of Union Planters Corporation
(b) Subsidiary of Union Planters National Bank
(c) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of East Tennessee, National Association
(d) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bancshares, Inc.
(e) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of Central Arkansas, National Association
(f) Subsidiary of Bank of East Tennessee
(g) Inactive subsidiary
(h) Subsidiary of Bank of Commerce
(i) Subsidiary of Mid-South Bancorp, Inc.
(j) Subsidiary of First National Bancorp of Shelbyville
(k) Subsidiary of Liberty Bancshares, Inc.
(l) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of Northwest Tennessee FSB
(m) Subsidiary of BNF Bancorp, Inc.
(n) Subsidiary of Commercial Bancorp, Inc.
(o) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of West Tennessee
(p) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of Mississippi
(q) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of Central Mississippi
(r) Subsidiary of Union Planters Bank of Louisiana
(s) Subsidiary of Union Planters Investment Bankers Corporation
(t) Subsidiary of Capital Bancorporation, Inc.
(u) Subsidiary of Century State Bancshares, Inc.
(v) Subsidiary of Maryland Avenue Bancorporation, Inc.
(w) Subsidiary of First Bancshares of Eastern Arkansas, Inc.
(x) Subsidiary of First Bancshares of N.E. Arkansas,Inc.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1


                                                                      EXHIBIT 23



                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


     We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the previously
filed Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-27814) and Form S-8 (Nos.
2-87392, 33-23306, 33-35928, 33-53454, 33-55257, 33-56269, and 33-65467) of
Union Planters Corporation of our report dated January 18, 1996 appearing on
page 33 of the Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.






/s/PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
Memphis, Tennessee
March 18, 1996



















</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 9
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
<CURRENCY> U.S. DOLLARS
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                         432,949
<INT-BEARING-DEPOSITS>                          13,571
<FED-FUNDS-SOLD>                               356,655
<TRADING-ASSETS>                               121,927
<INVESTMENTS-HELD-FOR-SALE>                  2,774,890
<INVESTMENTS-CARRYING>                               0
<INVESTMENTS-MARKET>                                 0
<LOANS>                                      7,069,853
<ALLOWANCE>                                    133,487
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              11,277,116
<DEPOSITS>                                   9,447,736
<SHORT-TERM>                                   241,023
<LIABILITIES-OTHER>                            136,768
<LONG-TERM>                                    485,258
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                     91,810
<COMMON>                                       227,235
<OTHER-SE>                                     647,286
<TOTAL-LIABILITIES-AND-EQUITY>              11,277,116
<INTEREST-LOAN>                                640,634
<INTEREST-INVEST>                              169,269
<INTEREST-OTHER>                                26,779
<INTEREST-TOTAL>                               836,682
<INTEREST-DEPOSIT>                             347,859
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                             389,251
<INTEREST-INCOME-NET>                          447,431
<LOAN-LOSSES>                                   22,231
<SECURITIES-GAINS>                                 476
<EXPENSE-OTHER>                                382,164
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                200,688
<INCOME-PRE-EXTRAORDINARY>                     135,402
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   135,402
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.82
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.70
<YIELD-ACTUAL>                                    4.59
<LOANS-NON>                                     32,847
<LOANS-PAST>                                    18,317
<LOANS-TROUBLED>                                 1,330
<LOANS-PROBLEM>                                 15,600
<ALLOWANCE-OPEN>                               133,966
<CHARGE-OFFS>                                   37,662
<RECOVERIES>                                    12,190
<ALLOWANCE-CLOSE>                              133,487
<ALLOWANCE-DOMESTIC>                           133,487
<ALLOWANCE-FOREIGN>                                  0
<ALLOWANCE-UNALLOCATED>                              0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
