<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1994 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

                                    FORM 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549

[ X ]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

For the fiscal year ended               DECEMBER 31, 1994
                          -----------------------------------------------------

                                       or

[   ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

For the transition period from  ------------------- to ------------------------

Commission file number                           1-10104
                      ---------------------------------------------------------

                              UNITED CAPITAL CORP.
                              --------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                                         04-2294493
-------------------------------                          ----------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                              (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                          Identification Number)

111 GREAT NECK ROAD, GREAT NECK, NEW YORK                        11021
-----------------------------------------                 ---------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                       (Zip code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:      (516) 466-6464
                                                   ----------------------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                    <C>
         TITLE OF EACH CLASS                           NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED
---------------------------------------                -----------------------------------------
Common Stock (Par Value $.10 Per Share)                          American Stock Exchange

</TABLE>
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K [X].

The aggregate market value of the shares of the voting stock held by
nonaffiliates of the Registrant as of March 22, 1995 was approximately
$21,515,000.

The number of shares of the Registrant's $.10 par value common stock outstanding
as of March 22, 1995 was 6,027,866.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The information required by Part III of Form 10-K will be incorporated by
reference to certain portions of a definitive proxy statement which is expected
to be filed by the Registrant pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after
the close of its fiscal year.


<PAGE>
                                       -1-


                                     PART I

ITEM 1.     BUSINESS

GENERAL

United Capital Corp. (the "Registrant"), incorporated in 1980 in the State of
Delaware, has four industry segments:

1.       Real Estate Investment and Management.

2.       Manufacture and Sale of Resilient Vinyl Flooring.

3.       Manufacture and Sale of Antenna Systems.

4.       Manufacture and Sale of Engineered Products.

The Registrant also invests excess available cash in marketable securities and
other financial instruments.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

         REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT

The Registrant is engaged in the business of investing in and managing real
estate properties. Most real estate properties owned by the Registrant are
leased under net leases pursuant to which the tenants are responsible for all
expenses relating to the leased premises, including taxes, utilities, insurance
and maintenance. The Registrant also owns properties that it manages which are
operated by the City of New York as day-care centers and offices and other
properties leased as department stores or shopping centers around the country.
In addition, the Registrant owns properties available for sale and lease with
the assistance of a consultant or a realtor working in the locale of the
premises.

The majority of properties are leased to single tenants. Approximately 98% of
the total square footage of the Registrant's properties are currently leased.

         RESILIENT VINYL FLOORING

In March 1994 the Registrant purchased substantially all of the operating assets
of Kentile Floors, Inc. ("Kentile Floors"), a major manufacturer and supplier of
resilient vinyl flooring. This acquisition was completed through a new
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant known as Kentile, Inc. ("Kentile").

Kentile's operations are conducted from a 315,000 square foot manufacturing
facility located in Chicago, Illinois. Kentile's products include resilient
vinyl tile for use in the commercial flooring industry, a line of vinyl wall
base products marketed under the Kencove brandname and other supporting products
which include adhesives, cleaners and waxes. These products are sold through a
nationwide network of distributors which service the regional markets in which
they are located.



<PAGE>
                                      -2-

The acquisition of the operating assets of Kentile Floors was accounted for by
the purchase method of accounting and, accordingly, the results of operations of
Kentile have been included with those of the Registrant for periods subsequent
to the date of acquisition. Also see Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Net sales by the resilient vinyl flooring segment to its largest distributor
(those in excess of 10% of the segment's net sales) accounted for approximately
14% of the segment's net sales for 1994.

         ANTENNA SYSTEMS

The Registrant designs and manufactures antenna systems marketed internationally
under the Dorne & Margolin trade name. Its products include airborne and
ground-based navigation, communication and satellite communication antennas for
military, commercial transport and general aviation aircraft. These products are
sold internationally to military, commercial and general aviation original
equipment manufacturers as well as to the end user as replacement and spare
antenna systems.

In April 1992, the Registrant acquired the operating assets of Chu Associates,
Inc. ("Chu Associates") and affiliated companies which broadens the scope of its
antenna systems segment. This addition, which is now known as D&M/Chu
Technology, Inc. ("D&M/Chu"), has been consolidated with the operations of the
Registrant's Dorne & Margolin subsidiary in its Bohemia, New York facility.
Here, it designs and manufactures communication and navigation antenna systems
for land and naval based applications. D&M/Chu's product line, which is marketed
internationally, complements Dorne & Margolin's specialty in airborne
communication and navigation antenna systems.

Approximately 69% and 71% of the antenna systems sold by the Registrant in 1994
and 1993, respectively, were for use by the United States Government and
purchased by the United States Government or its contractors.

         ENGINEERED PRODUCTS

The Registrant's engineered products are manufactured through the Technical
Products Division of Metex Corporation ("Metex") and AFP Transformers, Inc.
("AFP Transformers"), wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Registrant. The knitted
wire products and components manufactured by Metex must function in adverse
environments and meet rigid performance requirements. The principal areas in
which these products have application are as high temperature gaskets, seals,
components for use in airbags, shock and vibration isolators, noise reduction
elements and air, liquid and solid filtering devices.

Metex has been an original equipment manufacturer for the automobile industry
since 1974 and presently supplies several automobile manufacturers with exhaust
seals and components for use in exhaust emission control devices.

The Registrant's transformer products are marketed under several brandnames
including Field Transformer, ISOREG and EPOXYCAST for a wide variety of
industrial and research applications. AFP Transformers also provides a full line
of power conditioners and uninterruptible power supplies, as well as its
Spectrum line of specialty transformers for high powered ultraviolet lamps used
in the printing and chemical industries.

Sales by the Engineered Products segment to its two largest customers (each in
excess of 10% of the segment's net sales) accounted for approximately 23% and
26% of the segment's sales for 1994 and 1993, respectively.


<PAGE>
                                      -3-

         SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following table sets forth the revenues, income (loss) from operations and
identifiable assets of each business segment of the Registrant for 1994, 1993
and 1992.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          1994                    1993                    1992
                                                        --------                --------               --------
                                                                             (in thousands)
<S>                                                     <C>                     <C>                    <C>     
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT-

Rental revenues                                         $ 21,988                $ 20,815               $ 19,543
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Income from operations                                  $  5,038                $  3,946               $  3,033
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Identifiable assets                                     $ 92,421                $ 86,668               $ 88,453
                                                        ========                ========               ========

RESILIENT VINYL FLOORING-

Net sales                                               $ 29,894                $      0               $      0
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Income (loss) from operations                           ($   608)               $      0               $      0
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Identifiable assets                                     $ 13,975                $      0               $      0
                                                        ========                ========               ========

ANTENNA SYSTEMS-

Net sales                                               $ 19,495                $ 21,098               $ 24,513
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Income (loss) from operations                           ($ 1,527)               $    769               $  3,259
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Identifiable assets                                     $ 15,580                $ 17,686               $ 18,899
                                                        ========                ========               ========

ENGINEERED PRODUCTS-

Net sales                                               $ 35,511                $ 27,643               $ 26,819
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Income from operations                                  $  2,477                $  1,585               $  2,687
                                                        ========                ========               ========

Identifiable assets                                     $ 14,365                $ 10,528               $  9,497
                                                        ========                ========               ========
</TABLE>

         DISTRIBUTION

The Registrant's manufactured products are distributed by a direct sales force
and through distributors to dealers, contractors, industrial consumers, original
equipment manufacturers and the United States Government.

         PRODUCT METHODS AND SOURCES OF RAW MATERIALS

The Registrant's products are manufactured at its own facilities. The Registrant
purchases raw materials, including resins, drawn wire, castings and electronic
components from a wide range of suppliers of such materials. Most raw materials
purchased by the Registrant are available from several suppliers. The Registrant
has not had and does not expect to have any problems fulfilling its raw material
requirements during 1995.



<PAGE>
                                      -4-

         PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

The Registrant owns several patents, patent licenses and trademarks including
the Kentile trademark which is significant to the Registrant's resilient vinyl
flooring operations. The loss of this trademark could have a material adverse
effect on such operations.

While the Registrant considers that in the aggregate its other patents and
trademarks used in the resilient vinyl flooring, antenna systems and engineered
products operations are significant to those businesses, it does not believe
that any of these patents or trademarks are of such importance that the loss of
one or more of such patents or trademarks would materially affect its
consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

         EMPLOYEES

At March 22, 1995, the Registrant employed approximately 900 persons. Certain of
the Registrant's employees are represented by unions. The Registrant believes
that its relationships with its employees are good.

         COMPETITION

The Registrant competes with at least five other companies in the sale of
resilient floor tile; at least 20 other companies in the sale of antenna
systems; and at least 19 other companies in the sale of engineered products. The
Registrant stresses product performance and service in connection with the sale
of resilient vinyl floor tile, antenna systems, and engineered products. The
principal competition faced by the Registrant results from the sales price of
the products sold by its competitors.

         BACKLOG

The dollar value of unfilled orders of the Registrant's resilient vinyl flooring
segment was approximately $2,283,000 at December 31, 1994. It is anticipated
that substantially all such backlog will be filled in 1995.

The dollar value of unfilled orders of the Registrant's antenna systems segment
was approximately $12,331,000 at December 31, 1994 as compared with $10,324,000
at December 31, 1993. The Registrant anticipates that approximately 90% of the
1994 year-end backlog will be filled in 1995.

The dollar value of unfilled orders of the Registrant's engineered products
segment was approximately $2,823,000 at December 31, 1994, as compared with
$2,141,000 at December 31, 1993. It is anticipated that substantially all such
backlog will be filled in 1995. The order backlog referred to above does not
include any order backlog with respect to sales of knitted wire mesh components
for exhaust emission control devices or exhaust seals because of the manner in
which customer orders are received.

         ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS

Federal, state and local requirements regulating the discharge of materials into
the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, have
had and will continue to have a significant impact upon the operations of the
Registrant. It is the policy of the Registrant to manage, operate and maintain
its facilities in compliance, in all material respects, with applicable
standards for the prevention, control and abatement of environmental pollution
to prevent damage to the quality of air, land and resources.

<PAGE>
                                      -5-

The Registrant has undertaken the completion of environmental studies and/or
remedial action at Metex' two New Jersey facilities.

The process of remediation has begun at one facility pursuant to a plan filed
with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and Energy
("NJDEPE"). Environmental experts engaged by the Registrant estimate that under
the most probable remediation scenario the remediation of this site is
anticipated to require initial expenditures of $860,000, including the cost of
capital equipment, and $86,000 in annual operating and maintenance costs over a
15-year period.

Environmental studies at the second facility indicate that remediation may be
necessary. Based upon the facts presently available, environmental experts have
advised the Registrant that under the most probable remediation scenario, the
estimated cost to remediate this site is anticipated to require $2.3 million in
initial costs, including capital equipment expenditures, and $258,000 in annual
operating and maintenance costs over a 10-year period. The Registrant may revise
such estimates in the future due to the uncertainty regarding the nature, timing
and extent of any remediation efforts that may be required at this site, should
an appropriate regulatory agency deem such efforts to be necessary.

The foregoing estimates may also be revised by the Registrant as new or
additional information in these matters become available or should the NJDEPE or
other regulatory agencies require additional or alternative remediation efforts
in the future. It is not currently possible to estimate the range or amount of
any such liability.

Although the Registrant believes that it is entitled to full defense and
indemnification with respect to environmental investigation and remediation
costs under its insurance policies, the Registrant's insurers have denied such
coverage. Accordingly, the Registrant has filed an action against certain
insurance carriers seeking defense and indemnification with respect to all prior
and future costs incurred in the investigation and remediation of these sites
(see Item 3, "Legal Proceedings"). Upon the advice of counsel, the Registrant
believes that based upon a present understanding of the facts and the present
state of the law in New Jersey, it is probable that the Registrant will prevail
in the pending litigation and thereby access all or a very substantial portion
of the insurance coverage it claims; however, the ultimate outcome of litigation
cannot be predicted.

As a result of the foregoing, the Registrant has not recorded a charge to
operations for the environmental remediation, noted above, in the consolidated
financial statements, as anticipated proceeds from insurance recoveries are
expected to offset such liabilities. The Registrant has reached settlements with
several insurance carriers in this matter. Those recoveries anticipated to be
received within twelve months are included in prepaid expenses and other current
assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

In the opinion of management, these matters will be resolved favorably and such
amounts, if any, not recovered under the Registrant's insurance policies will be
paid gradually over a period of years and, accordingly, should not have a
material adverse effect upon the business, liquidity or financial position of
the Registrant. However, adverse decisions or events, particularly as to the
merits of the Registrant's factual and legal basis could cause the Registrant to
change its estimate of liability with respect to such matters in the future.



<PAGE>
                                      -6-

Effective January 1, 1994 the Registrant adopted the provisions of Staff
Accounting Bulletin 92 and accordingly has recorded the expected liability
associated with remediation efforts as a component of other long-term
liabilities and the anticipated insurance recoveries as a component of prepaid
expenses and other current assets and other assets in the Registrant's
consolidated financial statements.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR RENTAL

As of March 22, 1995 the Registrant owned 217 properties strategically located
throughout the United States. The properties are primarily leased under
long-term net leases. The Registrant's classification and gross carrying value
of its properties at December 31, 1994 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              Gross
                                                                             Carrying                      Number of
                  DESCRIPTION                                                  Value         Percentage    Properties
                  -----------                                              ------------      ----------    ----------
<S>                                                                        <C>                 <C>            <C>
         Shopping centers and retail outlets                               $ 79,981,473         63.1%           33
         Commercial properties                                               28,708,518         22.7           155
         Day-care centers and offices                                         7,557,946          6.0            12
         Hotel properties                                                     2,867,703          2.3             2
         Other                                                                7,524,698          5.9            18
                                                                           ------------         -----          ----

                         Total                                             $126,640,338        100.0%          220
                                                                           ============        ======          ===
</TABLE>

         SHOPPING CENTERS AND RETAIL OUTLETS

Shopping centers and retail outlets include 26 department stores and other
properties which are primarily leased under net leases. Taxes, maintenance of
the properties and all other expenses are the responsibility of the tenants. The
leases for certain shopping centers and retail outlets provide for additional
rents based on sales volume and renewal options at higher rents. The department
stores include 16 K-Mart stores, five Carter Hawley Hale stores and an IKEA
store with a total of approximately 1,600,000, 715,000 and 160,000 square feet,
respectively. The K-Mart stores are primarily located in the Midwest region of
the United States. The Carter Hawley Hale and IKEA stores are primarily located
in the Pacific Coast and Southwest regions of the United States.

         COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES

Commercial properties consist of properties leased as 102 restaurants, 30 Midas
Muffler Shops, three convenience stores, seven office buildings and
miscellaneous other properties. Commercial properties are primarily leased under
net leases which in certain cases, have renewal options at higher rents. Certain
of these leases also provide for additional rents based on sales volume. The 102
restaurants, located throughout the United States, include properties leased as
Boston Chicken, Roy Rogers, Pizza Huts, Hardee's, Wendy's and Kentucky Fried
Chicken.



<PAGE>
                                      -7-

         DAY-CARE CENTERS AND OFFICES

The 12 day-care centers and offices are located in New York City and are leased
to the City of New York. The Registrant has been negotiating with the City of
New York to extend, on a long-term basis, many of these leases which expired in
years through 1993. To date, one such long-term lease has been signed and the
remainder have received numerous short-term extensions. Although there can be no
assurance that the Registrant will in fact receive such leases the Registrant
believes that with continued negotiations with the City of New York, such leases
should be forthcoming.

         HOTEL PROPERTIES

The Registrant's two hotel properties are located in Georgia and California. In
February 1992, upon the expiration of an existing lease, the Registrant began
operating its California hotel and in May 1992 the Registrant began operating
its Georgia hotel. The Registrant's hotel properties are managed through a local
on-site management company which is responsible for all day-to-day operations of
the hotels.

The following summarizes real property held for rental by geographic area at
December 31, 1994:

                                                                  Gross
                                                 Number of       Carrying
                                                 Properties        Value
                                                 ----------     ------------  

         Northeast                                   98         $ 30,090,809
         Southeast                                   46           24,734,188
         Midwest                                     46           25,964,029
         Southwest                                    9            9,810,792
         Pacific Coast                                9           30,437,330
         Pacific Northwest                            6            2,098,198
         Rocky Mountain                               6            3,504,992
                                                    ---         ------------
                                                    220         $126,640,338
                                                    ===         ============

         MANUFACTURING FACILITIES

The Registrant's resilient vinyl flooring operations, which were acquired in
March 1994, are located on 12.4 acres in Chicago, Illinois. This facility is
comprised of seven contiguous one and two story buildings totaling approximately
309,000 square feet and an adjacent building of approximately 6,000 square feet.

The Registrant maintains facilities located at 2950 Veterans Memorial Highway,
Bohemia, New York, on a ten-acre site approximately two miles from MacArthur
Airport on Long Island for use in its antenna systems business. This site
contains four one story buildings aggregating approximately 90,000 square feet
of floor space, an outdoor antenna testing area, several pattern ranges and
airframe mock-ups. Approximately 30,000 square feet was added during 1994 to
accommodate the consolidation of the D&M/Chu operations into this facility. The
Registrant owns the site together with the structures.

The Registrant has leased the 35,000 square foot facility in Littleton,
Massachusetts, formerly used in the operations of D&M/Chu, at market rates,
which is sufficient to cover the carrying costs of the property, and is
exploring possibilities to lease the remaining 60,000 square foot facility and
develop



<PAGE>
                                      -8-

the unused land at the Whitcomb Avenue site. The Registrant owns the
sites together with the structures.

The Registrant's engineered products are manufactured at 970 New Durham Road,
Edison, New Jersey, in a one-story building having approximately 53,000 square
feet of floor space and also in a second facility at 206 Talmadge Road in
Edison, New Jersey which has approximately 54,500 square feet of space. The
Registrant owns these facilities together with the sites.

ITEM 3.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

METEX CORPORATION VS. VIC MANUFACTURING CO.

On April 17, 1991, Metex filed an action in the Superior Court of New Jersey,
Middlesex County, against VIC Manufacturing Co., the manufacturer of a vapor
absorption system used by Metex in its operations. The complaint sought damages
caused by improper design, instruction and installation of the VIC unit
resulting in the discharge of contaminants to the New Durham Road facility in
Edison, New Jersey.

In January 1995 this suit was settled favorably by Metex.

METEX CORPORATION VS. AFFILIATED FM INSURANCE CO., ET AL.

On June 27, 1990, Metex filed an action in the Superior Court of New Jersey,
Chancery Division, Middlesex County, against several insurance companies that
provided Metex with liability insurance between 1967 and 1986. These companies
are: Affiliated FM Insurance Co., Atlanta International Insurance Co., The
Camden Fire Insurance Association, Cigna Property and Casualty Company,
Continental Casualty Company, Eric Reinsurance Company, Federal Insurance Co.,
General Accident Insurance Company of America, Hudson Insurance Company,
Insurance Company of North America, New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Co., The
North River Insurance Company, North Star Reinsurance Corporation, and Puritan
Insurance Company. To date Metex has reached settlements with Atlanta
International Insurance Co., New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Co., General
Accident Insurance Company of America and The North River Insurance Company. The
action seeks both declaratory relief and monetary damages in connection with
reimbursement of the costs incurred and to be incurred by Metex in connection
with the completion of environmental studies and remedial action required at its
two Edison, New Jersey facilities. The declaratory relief sought is a
determination that the terms of the liability insurance policies at issue
obligate the defendants to defend and indemnify Metex with respect to all costs
and expenses related to these environmental matters. Metex also seeks monetary
damages in an unspecified amount for breach of the defendants' duty to indemnify
Metex. This action is in the final stages of pretrial discovery. It is
anticipated that this matter will go to trial in mid-1995. The Registrant
intends to continue to vigorously pursue this action.

DAVISON VS. FIRST PENNCO, ET AL.

On March 24, 1991, plaintiffs, including 55 investors and limited partners in
three limited partnerships, commenced a civil action in United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York against 31 defendants, including the
Registrant, asserting causes of action under the Racketeer Influenced and
Corrupt Organizations Act. The action seeks actual, punitive and treble damages
in a total unspecified amount. On July 16, 1991, plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint that did not substantially alter the claims made against the
Registrant or the recovery sought.


<PAGE>
                                      -9-

In December 1991 the Registrant filed a motion to dismiss the complaint on the
grounds that, among other things, the claims are the subject of a release
granted in the Registrant's favor and also that the complaint was filed outside
the statute of limitations. In August 1992 the Court granted the motion to
dismiss on the grounds that the complaint failed to set out sufficient detail in
regard to the acts alleged to have been engaged in by the defendants. The
dismissal was "without prejudice" and allowed the plaintiffs to file an amended
complaint setting out more detail concerning the alleged acts.

In January 1993 two separate amended complaints were filed on behalf of two
separate groups of the same plaintiffs. The Registrant filed motions to dismiss
each of the amended complaints. In October 1993 the Court again granted the
motion to dismiss these complaints on the grounds that the complaints failed to
state a legal claim against the Registrant but again granted plaintiff's the
right to file an amended complaint against the Registrant. In December 1993 the
plaintiffs filed new amended complaints. In February 1994 the Registrant filed a
motion to dismiss all claims set out in the amended complaints. In February 1995
the court denied such motion. Discovery is now underway in this matter. The
Registrant continues to believe that the material allegations in this matter are
without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action.

ITEM 4.           SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

                  None.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.           MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK
                   AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS

The Registrant's Common Stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange under the
symbol AFP. The table below shows the high and low sales prices as reported in
the composite transactions for the American Stock Exchange.

                                               High        Low
                                              ------      ------
1994
----            First quarter                 $11         $9
                Second quarter                12-5/8      9-3/4
                Third quarter                 11-7/8      10-1/2
                Fourth quarter                10-3/8      8-3/8

1993
----            First quarter                 $7-1/2     $3-1/4
                Second quarter                11-1/2     6-1/2
                Third quarter                 10         8-3/4
                Fourth quarter                11         8-3/4

As of March 22, 1995, there were approximately 675 record holders of the
Registrant's Common Stock. The closing sales price for the Registrant's Common
Stock on such date was $8 5/8. The Registrant has never paid any cash dividends
on its Common Stock. The payment of dividends is within the discretion of the
Registrant's Board of Directors, however in view of potential working capital
needs and in order to finance future growth, it is unlikely that the Registrant
will pay any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the near future.



<PAGE>
                                      -10-

ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected consolidated financial data presented below should be read in
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             1994(6)           1993(5)           1992(4)          1991           1990
                                          ---------         ---------         ---------         ---------      ---------
                                                              (in thousands except per share amounts)
<S>                                       <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>            <C>      
Total revenues (1)                        $ 106,888         $  69,556         $  70,875         $  62,857      $  65,929
                                          =========         =========         =========         =========      =========

Net income (loss) (2)                     $   2,933         $   5,069         $   2,866         $   3,481      ($  4,161)
                                          =========         =========         =========         =========      =========

Net income (loss) per common
   share (3)                              $     .48         $     .81         $     .44         $     .40      ($    .39)
                                          =========         =========         =========         =========      =========
Total assets, end of year                 $ 136,341         $ 114,882         $ 116,849         $ 115,801      $ 112,778
Total liabilities, end of year              103,560            84,704            89,684            90,396         73,304
Stockholders' equity, end of year            32,781            30,178            27,165            25,405         39,474
                                          =========         =========         =========         =========      =========
</TABLE>

NOTES TO SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA


(1)  Certain reclassifications have been reflected in the financial data to
     conform prior years' data to the current classifications.

(2)  Included in the 1990 net loss is approximately $10,949,000 of realized
     losses from the sale of substantially all of the Registrant's holdings in
     General Development Corporation.

(3)  The weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 10,744,477 in
     1990, 8,645,416 in 1991, 6,569,215 in 1992, 6,267,540 in 1993 and 6,169,031
     in 1994.

(4)  Operating results for 1992 include the results of D&M/Chu Technology, Inc.
     and AFP Transformers, Inc. since April 2, and October 23, 1992,
     respectively.

(5)  The 1993 financial results include the cumulative effect of an accounting
     change of $702,000 or $.11 per share resulting from the adoption of
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income
     Taxes."

(6)  Operating results for 1994 include the results of Kentile, Inc. since March
     14, 1994.

ITEM 7.          MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 1994 AND 1993

         GENERAL

The following discussion of the Registrant's financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the description of the
Registrant's business and properties contained in Items 1 and 2 of Part I and
the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included elsewhere in
this report.

Total revenues generated by the Registrant during 1994 were $106,888,000, an
increase of $37,332,000 from total 1993 revenues of $69,556,000. Net income for
the current year was $2,933,000 or $.48 per share versus $5,069,000 or $.81 per
share for 1993.


<PAGE>
                                      -11-

         REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS

Rental revenues from real estate operations during 1994 increased $1,173,000 or
6% over those of the prior year primarily as a result of the renewal of existing
leases at higher rents and additional revenues generated from the operations of
the Registrant's two hotel properties. Of the total increase, $726,000 results
from the renewal of existing leases at higher rents while the remaining increase
of $447,000 results from additional hotel related revenues.

Mortgage interest expense for 1994 decreased by $436,000 as compared to such
expense incurred during 1993. This decrease of 8% results from the continuing
amortization of mortgages which approximated $4.7 million during the current
year. No new encumbrances were added to the Registrant's real estate portfolio
during 1994.

Depreciation expense associated with real properties held for rental increased
approximately $34,000 or less than 1% from such expense incurred in the
preceding year. This increase primarily results from depreciation associated
with additional properties purchased and improvements to existing properties
added in the current year and is offset by depreciation associated with the sale
of several properties in the current and prior year.

Other operating expenses associated with the management of real properties
increased approximately $292,000 during 1994 versus such expenses incurred
during 1993. This increase primarily results from additional operating costs
incurred in connection with the operation of the Registrant's hotel properties
of approximately $246,000.

         ANTENNA SYSTEMS

The Registrant's antenna systems segment includes Dorne & Margolin, Inc. and
D&M/Chu Technology, Inc. The operating results of the antenna systems segment
for the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:

                                                           1994      1993
                                                         --------  --------
                                                            (in thousands)

          Net sales                                      $ 19,495  $ 21,098
                                                         ========  ========

          Cost of sales                                  $ 15,665  $ 14,290
                                                         ========  ========

          Selling, general and administrative expenses   $  5,357  $  6,039
                                                         ========  ========

          Income (loss) from operations                  ($ 1,527) $    769
                                                         ========  ========

Net sales of the antenna systems segment decreased approximately $1,603,000 or
8% during 1994 as compared to such sales of the preceding year. Reductions in
military and commercial sales continued to seriously effect this segment of the
Registrant's business. Further emphasis has been placed on expanding commercial
product applications and existing market niches. Several management changes have
taken place, including naming a new President to the antenna systems segment
with a primary focus on reversing the current trend in sales and profits.



<PAGE>
                                      -12-

Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales of the antenna systems segment
increased approximately 12% from that of 1993. This increase is the result of
the following factors: incurring additional manufacturing costs as a result of
the transition of certain D&M/Chu products which are now being manufactured at
Dorne & Margolin; the recording of certain realization allowances for inventory
as a result of the continuing decline in military sales and the uncertainty that
such sales will increase in the future; changes in the mix of product sold
between years; and from additional overhead incurred as the company moved to
consolidate production of its two manufacturing facilities. These factors are
not expected to continue in the future as experience is gained in the production
of these products and operations are completely consolidated.

Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG&A") of the antenna systems
segment decreased by approximately $682,000 during 1994 as compared to such
costs incurred in the previous year. Administrative savings from the
consolidation of the Dorne & Margolin and D&M/Chu operations and from previously
implemented cost containment measures are the primary cause of this decline.

         ENGINEERED PRODUCTS

The Registrant's engineered products segment includes Metex Corporation and AFP
Transformers, Inc. The operating results of the engineered products segment for
the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:

                                                           1994     1993
                                                         -------  -------
                                                           (in thousands)

           Net sales                                     $35,511  $27,643
                                                         =======  =======

           Cost of sales                                 $27,043  $20,958
                                                         =======  =======

           Selling, general and administrative expenses  $ 5,991  $ 5,100
                                                         =======  =======

           Income from operations                        $ 2,477  $ 1,585
                                                         =======  =======

Net sales of the engineered products segment increased approximately $7,868,000
or 28% during 1994 versus such results for the preceding year. This is the
result of substantially higher sales at Metex' Technical Products Division and
is offset by slightly lower sales generated by AFP Transformers. Virtually all
of Metex' markets showed sales growth. However, overall results of this segment
continue to be negatively impacted by the results of the segment's transformer
operations, which posted a loss of approximately $1 million during the current
year.

Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was virtually unchanged between the
current and prior year. This percentage remained at 76% despite fluctuations in
the mix of products sold.

SG&A expenses of the engineered products segment increased approximately
$891,000 or 17% during 1994, as compared to such costs in the preceding year.
This increase primarily results from additional selling related expenses
associated with the 28% rise in sales noted above.



<PAGE>
                                      -13-

         RESILIENT VINYL FLOORING

The Registrant's resilient vinyl flooring segment, which is now known as
Kentile, Inc. ("Kentile"), was acquired on March 14, 1994 through the
acquisition of substantially all of the operating assets of Kentile Floors, Inc.
The operating results of Kentile have been included in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income since the date of acquisition. The following
unaudited pro forma results of Kentile assume that the acquisition had occurred
at the beginning of each period presented. In addition to combining historical
results of operations, the pro forma calculations include adjustments to
historical assets, liabilities and results of operations which occur in a
purchase.

                                                          Unaudited Pro Forma
                                                         Results of Operations
                                                         ---------------------
                                                           1994       1993
                                                         --------   --------
                                                           (in thousands)

           Net sales                                     $ 36,958   $ 50,314
                                                         ========   ========

           Cost of sales                                 $ 29,826   $ 38,988
                                                         ========   ========

           Selling, general and administrative expenses  $  8,452   $ 11,357
                                                         ========   ========

           Loss from operations                          ($ 1,320)  ($    31)
                                                         ========   ========

On a pro forma basis, net sales of the resilient vinyl flooring segment
decreased over $13 million or 27% from such sales of the previous year. This
decline is the result of substantial changes in the Company's distribution
network and from the continued effect of Kentile Floors' transition from Chapter
11, prior to the Registrant's acquisition of the operating assets. Actual 1994
sales generated by this segment and included in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income, since acquisition, were approximately $29.9 million.

Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased approximately 3.2% on a pro
forma basis over 1993 levels. This increase is primarily attributable to
comparable raw material price increases experienced by this segment during 1994.

SG&A expenses were down approximately $2.9 million dollars on a pro forma basis
during 1994 as compared to such expenses in the preceding year. However, as a
percentage of net sales such costs were virtually unchanged, reflecting the
corresponding decline in sales noted above.

The above financial information is not necessarily indicative of the actual
results that would have occurred had the acquisition of Kentile been consummated
at the beginning of the periods presented or of future operations of the
company. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, contained
elsewhere in this report, for a further explanation of the acquisition.

         GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

General and administrative expenses not associated with the manufacturing
operations decreased approximately $758,000 during 1994 as compared to such
expenses incurred in the preceding year. This represents a decrease of less than
1% of consolidated revenues and is primarily the result of lower professional
costs incurred in the current year.


<PAGE>
                                      -14-

         OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE, NET

Other income and expense, net for 1994 of approximately $2.8 million is
comprised of $1.4 million in gains from the sales of real estate assets, $1.2
million from realized gains on the sale of marketable securities, $46,000 in
income from equity investments which represents nonrecurring cash distributions,
and $171,000 in miscellaneous other income.

The 1993 components of other income and expense, net were as follows:
approximately $1.1 million in gains from the sale of real estate; the recovery
of $744,000 in previously recorded unrealized losses on marketable securities;
$578,000 in income from equity investments; and $1.7 million in other income.
During 1993, the Registrant received a $2 million settlement from Metex'
insurance carrier in connection with the class action civil suit brought by the
former shareholders of Metex. This settlement is included in other income in
1993, net of approximately $450,000 of costs incurred in the defense of this
action incurred during 1993. All such defense costs incurred prior to 1993 were
included in general and administrative expenses.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 1993 AND 1992

         REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS

Rental revenues from real estate operations increased $1,272,000 or 7% during
1993 primarily as a result of additional revenues generated from two hotel
properties that the Registrant began operating in February and May 1992,
respectively. Of the total increase in revenues, $950,000 is from additional
hotel related revenues while the remaining increase of $322,000 results from the
renewal of existing leases at higher rents, increased percentage rents and
additional revenues associated with mid-1992 property acquisitions.

1992 rental revenues include approximately $520,000 in percentage rents
collected by the Registrant in 1992 as a result of a favorable arbitration
award. These amounts were earned over a four-year period but not previously
accrued.

Mortgage interest expense associated with the Registrant's real estate portfolio
decreased by $543,000 during 1993 versus that incurred during 1992. This
decrease of 9% results from mortgage amortization of approximately $5 million as
well as the maturity of certain mortgages and is offset by a full year of
interest associated with mortgages secured by properties acquired by the
Registrant in mid-1992.

Depreciation expense for 1993 decreased by approximately $165,000 or 3% from
such expense in 1992. This decrease results from the reclassification of
depreciation on the Registrant's hotel properties to operating expenses and from
the sale of several properties in 1993 and 1992.

Other operating expenses associated with those properties managed by the
Registrant increased by approximately $1,068,000 during 1993 versus such
expenses incurred in 1992. This increase primarily results from a full year of
operating costs incurred in connection with the leasing of two hotel properties
which accounts for $880,000 of this increase, while the timing of certain
maintenance costs and additional lease renewal costs incurred in 1993 account
for the remaining increase of approximately $188,000.



<PAGE>
                                      -15-

         ANTENNA SYSTEMS

The Registrant's antenna systems segment includes Dorne & Margolin, Inc. and
D&M/Chu Technology, Inc. The operating results of D&M/Chu have been included
here and in the accompanying consolidated statements of income since its
acquisition by the Registrant in April 1992. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, contained elsewhere in this report, for pro forma results
of operations.

The operating results of the antenna systems segment for the years ended
December 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows:


                                                           1993     1992
                                                         -------  -------
                                                           (in thousands)

           Net sales                                     $21,098  $24,513
                                                         =======  =======

           Cost of sales                                 $14,290  $16,197
                                                         =======  =======

           Selling, general and administrative expenses  $ 6,039  $ 5,057
                                                         =======  =======

           Income from operations                        $   769  $ 3,259
                                                         =======  =======

Net sales of the antenna systems segment decreased by $3,415,000 or 14% during
1993 as compared to such sales in 1992. This decrease is the result of continued
weakness in the U. S. Military and commercial aviation markets. Sales by Dorne &
Margolin during 1993 were 23% lower than those of 1992. As a result of the
mid-1992 acquisition of D&M/Chu by the Registrant and therefore a full year of
sales in 1993, sales of D&M/Chu increased by 9% during this period. The
reductions in military and commercial sales continue to seriously effect the
Registrant's antenna systems segment and management is concentrating on
reversing this trend.

Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales of the antenna systems segment
increased in 1993 by approximately 2% from 1992 levels. This increase is
primarily the result of changes in the mix of product sales and differences in
the gross margins of Dorne & Margolin and D&M/Chu product lines.

SG&A expenses of the antenna systems segment have increased by $982,000 in 1993.
This is a result of a full year of SG&A costs associated with D&M/Chu in 1993
versus only nine months of such costs in 1992 and from approximately $365,000 in
costs incurred in 1993 as a result of the decision to consolidate the operations
of D&M/Chu into that of Dorne & Margolin.

         ENGINEERED PRODUCTS

The Registrant's engineered products segment includes Metex Corporation and AFP
Transformers, Inc. The operating results of AFP Transformers have been included
here and in the accompanying consolidated statements of income since October
1992. Pro forma results of operations have not been separately disclosed as
amounts are not material.



<PAGE>
                                      -16-

The operating results of the engineered products segment for the years ended
December 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows:

                                                          1993      1992
                                                         -------  -------
                                                          (in thousands)

           Net sales                                     $27,643  $26,819
                                                         =======  =======

           Cost of sales                                 $20,958  $19,412
                                                         =======  =======

           Selling, general and administrative expenses  $ 5,100  $ 4,720
                                                         =======  =======

           Income from operations                        $ 1,585  $ 2,687
                                                         =======  =======

Net sales generated by the engineered products segment increased by $824,000
during 1993 versus that of 1992. Sales of Metex decreased by $1,540,000 during
this period, while sales of AFP Transformers increased $2,364,000. This increase
in the sales of AFP Transformers is primarily the result of the Registrant's
acquisition of the operating assets of Isoreg Corporation, a manufacturer of
Epoxycast transformers, in October 1992.

Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased approximately 3% during
1993. This increase is primarily the result of lower profit margins on knitted
wire sales resulting from lower automotive and European sales.

SG&A expenses of the engineered products segment increased $380,000 during 1993,
as compared to such costs in 1992. This increase of approximately 1% as a
percentage of net sales results from additional SG&A costs of AFP Transformers
including the costs associated with the relocation of operations of Isoreg,
which was acquired in October 1992, from Massachusetts to New Jersey.

         GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

General and administrative expenses not associated with the manufacturing
operations decreased $270,000 in 1993 from a year earlier. This decrease is
primarily the result of lower professional fees incurred in 1993 and represents
a change of less than 1% of consolidated revenues.

         OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE, NET

Other income and expense, net for 1993 of approximately $4.1 million is
comprised of $1.1 million in gains from the sale of real estate, the recovery of
$744,000 in previously recorded unrealized losses on marketable securities,
$578,000 in income from equity investments which represent nonrecurring cash
distributions and $1.7 million in other income. The Registrant received a $2
million settlement in 1993 from Metex' insurance carrier in connection with the
class action civil suit brought by the former shareholders of Metex. This
settlement is included in other income in 1993, net of approximately $450,000 of
current year costs incurred in the defense of this action. All defense costs
incurred prior to 1993 were included in general and administrative expenses.

The components of other income and expense, net in 1992 include approximately
$449,000 in gains from the sale of real estate, $723,000 in unrealized losses on
marketable securities, $142,000 in income from equity investments and $249,000
in other income.



<PAGE>
                                      -17-

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

At December 31, 1994, the Registrant's current liabilities exceeded current
assets by approximately $5.2 million. The change in working capital since
December 31, 1993 has resulted from financing the purchase of long-term assets
utilizing short-term borrowings primarily in connection with the acquisition of
Kentile. Management is confident that through cash flow generated from
operations, the sale of select assets and the refinancing of certain current
liabilities on a long-term basis, all obligations will be satisfied as they
become due.

The Registrant has an unsecured line of credit with a bank which provides for
borrowings up to $15 million at the bank's prime lending rate. At December 31,
1994 there was $6 million outstanding under this facility. The maximum amount
outstanding under this facility during 1994 was approximately $6.6 million. This
demand facility is reviewed by the bank annually on May 31.

On March 14, 1994, the Registrant purchased substantially all of the operating
assets of Kentile Floors for approximately $9.6 million, of which approximately
$6.5 million consists of new bank financing. See Note 2 to Consolidated
Financial Statements, "Acquisition of Operating Companies."

Kentile maintains a revolving credit facility with a bank which provides for
maximum borrowings of the lessor of $7 million or the borrowing base, as
defined, at the bank's prime lending rate plus 1 1/2%. Such borrowings are
collateralized by all accounts receivable, inventory and equipment of Kentile.

At December 31, 1994 approximately $4.6 million was outstanding under this
facility, which matures in April 1996 and includes, among other things, several
financial covenants regarding capital expenditures and debt-to-equity ratios. At
December 31, 1994 the Registrant was not in compliance with certain of these
covenants. The bank has granted a waiver of the debt-to-equity covenant through
March 31, 1996 and the capital expenditure covenant through December 31, 1995.

The Registrant has undertaken the completion of environmental studies and
remedial action at Metex' two New Jersey facilities and has filed an action
against certain insurance carriers seeking recovery of costs incurred and to be
incurred in these matters. Based upon the advice of counsel, management believes
such recovery is probable and therefore should not have a material effect on the
liquidity or capital resources of the Registrant. To date settlements have been
reached with several carriers in this matter. Those recoveries anticipated to be
received within twelve months are included in prepaid expenses and other current
assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. See Item 1,
"Business-Environmental Regulations," Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" and Note 16 to
Consolidated Financial Statements, "Contingencies."

The cash needs of the Registrant have been satisfied from funds generated by
current operations and additional borrowings. It is expected that future
operational cash needs will also be satisfied from ongoing operations and
additional borrowings. The primary source of capital to fund additional real
estate acquisitions will come from the sale, financing and refinancing of the
Registrant's properties and from third party mortgages and purchase money notes
obtained in connection with specific acquisitions.



<PAGE>
                                      -18-

In addition to the acquisition of properties for consideration consisting of
cash and mortgage financing proceeds, the Registrant may acquire real properties
in exchange for the issuance of the Registrant's equity securities. The
Registrant may also finance acquisitions of other companies in the future with
borrowings from institutional lenders and/or the public or private offerings of
debt or equity securities.

Funds of the Registrant in excess of that needed for working capital, purchasing
real estate and arranging financing for real estate acquisitions are invested by
the Registrant in corporate equity securities, corporate notes, certificates of
deposit and government securities.

BUSINESS TRENDS

Total revenues of the Registrant increased over $37 million or 54% during 1994
as compared to such results of the preceding year. Of these additional revenues
approximately $30 million, were generated by Kentile, since its acquisition by
the Registrant in March 1994. The Registrant's real estate and engineered
products segments also contributed to the increased revenues during the year,
while sales of the antenna systems segment continued to decline.

The improved results of the Registrant's real estate operations reflect the
renewal of existing leases at higher rents and improved results from the
Registrant's hotel properties. These results can be expected to continue in the
future as older leases are renewed with current market rates.

The Registrant's engineered products segment continues to reflect sales growth
in virtually all market segments. This has resulted in an increase of $7,868,000
or 28% in revenues during the year versus comparable 1993 results. With
continued increases in U.S. automobile demand and as more vehicles are outfitted
with air bags, demand for these products should continue.

As noted above, the acquisition of Kentile has contributed approximately $30
million in sales during 1994. However, the operating results of Kentile, since
acquisition, reflect a loss of $608,000. This is primarily attributable to lower
than anticipated sales, changes in the Company's distribution network and higher
raw material costs. Management is focusing on these issues and reversing the
negative impact that they have on the operating results of the Registrant.

The results of the Registrant's antenna systems segment reflect an 8% decline in
sales as compared to 1993. This segment experienced a $1.5 million loss from
operations during the year primarily as a result of the following: reductions in
sales; the recording of inventory realization allowances as a result of the
continuing decline in military sales and the uncertainty that such sales will
increase in the future; and additional costs incurred in the manufacture of
certain products as a result of the transition of personnel and the
consolidation of facilities. Several management changes have recently been made
including naming a new President for this segment. The business is focused on
reversing the declining revenue and profit trend and is seeking new markets and
new applications for its products.

Although there can be no assurance as to how the events discussed above, or
other changes in the economy, will impact the future financial condition or
results of operations of the Registrant, management continues to monitor such
developments and has implemented measures to minimize any possible negative
effects they may have upon these businesses.



<PAGE>
                                      -19-

ITEM 8.           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements and supplementary information filed as part of this
Item 8 are listed under Part IV, Item 14, "Exhibits, Financial Statements and
Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K" and are contained in this Form 10-K at page
F-1.

ITEM 9.           DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

                  None

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.          DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

This information will be contained in the Proxy Statement of the Registrant for
the 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions "Election of
Directors" and "Executive Officers" and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.          EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

This information will be contained in the Proxy Statement of the Registrant for
the 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption "Executive
Compensation and Compensation of Directors" and is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 12.          SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

This information will be contained in the Proxy Statement of the Registrant for
the 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions "Security Ownership"
and "Election of Directors" and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

This information will be contained in the Proxy Statement of the Registrant for
the 1995 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption "Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions" and is incorporated herein by reference. Also see Note
11, "Transactions with Related Parties," of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, contained elsewhere in this report.



<PAGE>
                                      -20-

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.          EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
                  FORM 8-K

(a)      (1) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The following Consolidated
         Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules of
         the Registrant are included in this Form 10-K at the pages indicated:

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       PAGE

         Report of Independent Public Accountants                      F-1
         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1994 and 1993  F-2
         Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years               F-3
           Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                      to
                                                                       F-4
         Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for           F-5
           the Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992
         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the                 F-6
           Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                to
                                                                       F-8
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                    F-9
                                                                       to
                                                                       F-26
     (2) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         Schedule II     --   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts          F-27
         Schedule III    --   Real Property Held for Rental and        F-28
                                Accumulated Depreciation
         Schedule IV     --   Mortgage Loans on Real Estate            F-29

     (3) Supplementary Data

         Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)                          F-30

         Schedules not listed above are omitted as not applicable or the
         information is presented in the financial statements or related notes.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K

No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Registrant during the last quarter of
fiscal 1994.

(c) Exhibits

                  3.1. Amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation of the
Registrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant's
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993).



<PAGE>
                                      -21-

                  3.2.       By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by
reference to exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1980).

                 *10.1.      1988 Incentive Stock Option Plan of the
Registrant, as amended.

                 *10.2.      1988 Joint Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option
Plan, as amended.

                  10.3.      Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 1990 by
and between the Registrant and A. F. Petrocelli (incorporated by reference to
exhibit 10.9 filed with the Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1989).

                  10.4.      Amendment dated as of December 3, 1990 to
Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 1990, by and between the Registrant
and A. F. Petrocelli (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.10 filed with the
Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990).

                  10.5.      Amendment dated as of June 8, 1993 to Employment
Agreement dated as of January 1, 1990 by and between the Registrant and A. F.
Petrocelli (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.5 filed with the
Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993).

                  10.6.      Employment Agreement dated as of July 1, 1991 by
and between the Registrant and Dennis S. Rosatelli (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1991).

                  10.7.      Option Agreement dated June 20, 1991 between the
Registrant and A. F. Petrocelli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12
filed with the Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1991).

                  10.8.      Form of Option Agreements dated July 17, 1991
between the Registrant and Robert L. Frome, Howard M. Lorber, Arnold S. Penner,
Dennis S. Rosatelli (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the
Registrant's report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991).

                  10.9.      Amendment dated as of April 16, 1993 to Option
Agreement dated as of July 17, 1991 by and between the Registrant and Robert L.
Frome (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.9 filed with the Registrant's
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993).

                  10.10.     Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement dated
as of July 9, 1993 by and between the Registrant and Kentile Floors, Inc.
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(a) filed with the Registrant's Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 28, 1994).



<PAGE>
                                      -22-

                  *21.       Subsidiaries of the Registrant

                  *23.       Accountants' consent to the incorporation by
reference in Registrant's Registration Statements on Form S-8 of the Report of
Independent Public Accountants included herein.







-----------------

* Filed herewith


<PAGE>
                                      -23-

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                               UNITED CAPITAL CORP.


Dated:  MARCH 22, 1995                         By:/s/ A. F. Petrocelli
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                  A. F. Petrocelli
                                                  Chairman, President and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated.

Dated:  MARCH 22, 1995                         By:/s/ A. F. Petrocelli
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                  A. F. Petrocelli
                                                  Chairman, President and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

Dated:  MARCH 22, 1995                         By:/s/ Howard M. Lorber
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                  Howard M. Lorber
                                                  Director

Dated:  MARCH 22, 1995                         By:/s/ Arnold S. Penner
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                  Arnold S. Penner
                                                  Director

Dated:  MARCH 22, 1995                         By:/s/ Dennis S. Rosatelli
                                                  -----------------------------
                                                  Dennis S. Rosatelli
                                                  Chief Financial Officer,
                                                  Chief Accountant, Secretary
                                                  and Director

<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors
   and Stockholders of

                United Capital Corp.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United Capital
Corp. (a Delaware Corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and
1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1994. These financial statements and the schedules referred to below are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of United Capital Corp. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, effective
January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes.

Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the index of
financial statements and schedules are presented for purposes of complying with
the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not a part of the basic
financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audits of the basic financial statements and, in our
opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial data required to be
set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
whole.


                                                           ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Roseland, New Jersey
March 22, 1995

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1994 AND 1993
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            ASSETS                                  1994                  1993
                                                                                ------------          ------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                   <C>         
CURRENT ASSETS:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $  1,656,688          $  3,749,301
   Marketable securities                                                             594,070             1,718,277
   Notes and accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
     accounts of $667,545 and $285,545, respectively                              18,994,192            13,681,863
   Inventories                                                                    13,114,559             8,069,275
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                       5,579,896               634,056
   Deferred income taxes                                                             784,849               609,078
                                                                                ------------          ------------

                Total current assets                                              40,724,254            28,461,850
                                                                                ------------          ------------

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, net                                                12,496,911             8,913,186

REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR RENTAL, net                                                75,071,300            74,392,684


NONCURRENT NOTES RECEIVABLE                                                          696,228               822,541


OTHER ASSETS                                                                       7,004,709             2,030,641


DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                                348,086               261,062
                                                                                ------------          ------------
                Total assets                                                    $136,341,488          $114,881,964
                                                                                ============          ============

                           LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Current maturities of long-term debt                                          $  9,755,590          $  8,309,052
  Borrowings under revolving credit facilities                                    10,614,889                     0
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                        21,828,149            11,987,590
  Income taxes payable                                                             3,719,570             4,355,182
                                                                                ------------          ------------

              Total current liabilities                                           45,918,198            24,651,824


LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
  Long-term debt                                                                  49,379,813            58,640,201

  Other long-term liabilities                                                      8,262,403             1,412,087
                                                                                ------------          ------------

              Total liabilities                                                  103,560,414            84,704,112
                                                                                ------------          ------------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Common stock $.10 par value, authorized 7,500,000 shares;
    issued 6,051,266 and 6,063,261 shares, respectively                              605,127               606,326
  Additional paid-in capital                                                      14,531,320            14,921,406
  Retained earnings                                                               17,582,764            14,650,120
  Net unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax                            61,863                     0
                                                                                ------------          ------------

              Total stockholders' equity                                          32,781,074            30,177,852
                                                                                ------------          ------------

              Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                        $136,341,488          $114,881,964
                                                                                ============          ============

</TABLE>
The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these balance sheets.

                                      F-2
<PAGE>

                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               1994                  1993                  1992
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------
<S>                                                                       <C>                   <C>                   <C>          
REVENUES:
   Net sales                                                              $  84,900,410         $  48,740,541         $  51,332,283
   Rental revenues from real estate operations                               21,987,956            20,815,113            19,542,737
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

                Total revenues                                              106,888,366            69,555,654            70,875,020
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

COSTS AND EXPENSES:
   Cost of sales                                                             66,578,014            35,247,622            35,608,915
   Real estate operations-
     Mortgage interest expense                                                4,948,591             5,384,332             5,927,741
     Depreciation expense                                                     6,362,426             6,328,192             6,492,761
     Other operating expenses                                                 5,449,007             5,157,170             4,089,095
   General and administrative expenses                                        8,560,088             8,709,238             7,533,190
   Selling expenses                                                          11,223,631             4,989,382             5,075,225
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

                Total costs and expenses                                    103,121,757            65,815,936            64,726,927
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

                Income from operations                                        3,766,609             3,739,718             6,148,093
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
   Interest income and expense, net                                          (1,001,458)             (441,443)             (460,691)
   Other income and expense, net                                              2,819,493             4,113,097               117,510
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

                Total other income (expense)                                  1,818,035             3,671,654              (343,181)
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

   Income before income taxes                                                 5,584,644             7,411,372             5,804,912

   Provision for income taxes                                                 2,652,000             3,044,000             2,939,000
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

   Income before cumulative effect of
     change in accounting principle                                           2,932,644             4,367,372             2,865,912

   Cumulative effect of change in
     accounting principle                                                             0               702,000                     0
                                                                          -------------         -------------         -------------

                Net income                                                $   2,932,644         $   5,069,372         $   2,865,912
                                                                          =============         =============         =============
</TABLE>

                                      F-3

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          1994              1993              1992
                                                                                       ---------         ---------         ---------
<S>                                                                                    <C>               <C>               <C>      
EARNINGS PER SHARE:
   Income before cumulative effect of
     change in accounting principle                                                    $     .48         $     .70             $ .44
   Cumulative effect of change in
     accounting principle                                                                      0               .11                 0
                                                                                       ---------         ---------         ---------

                Net income per common share                                            $     .48         $     .81             $ .44
                                                                                       =========         =========         =========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
   COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                                                           6,169,031         6,267,540         6,569,215
                                                                                       =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>



           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
                    are an integral part of these statements.




                                      F-4

<PAGE>
                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Net Un-
                                                                                               realized
                                                                                               Gain on
                                                                                               Market-
                                                                                                able
                                                                                               Securi-
                                           Common Stock Issued       Additional                 ties,                      Total
                                        ------------------------      Paid-in     Retained      Net       Treasury     Stockholders'
                                         Shares         Amount        Capital     Earnings     of Tax      Stock          Equity
                                       -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------  -------  ------------   ------------
<S>                                     <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>      <C>            <C>         
BALANCE -- January 1, 1992              10,079,305   $ 1,007,931   $ 28,283,446   $ 6,714,836  $     0  ($10,600,872)  $ 25,405,341

   Purchase and retirement of
     common shares                        (313,161)      (31,317)    (1,075,129)            0        0             0     (1,106,446)
   Net income                                    0             0              0     2,865,912        0             0      2,865,912
                                       -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------  -------  ------------   ------------

BALANCE -- December 31, 1992             9,766,144       976,614     27,208,317     9,580,748        0   (10,600,872)    27,164,807

   Purchase and retirement of
     common shares                      (3,703,583)     (370,358)   (12,290,341)            0        0    10,600,872     (2,059,827)
   Proceeds from the exercise
     of stock options                          700            70          3,430             0        0             0          3,500
   Net income                                    0             0              0     5,069,372        0             0      5,069,372
                                       -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------  -------  ------------   ------------

BALANCE -- December 31, 1993             6,063,261       606,326     14,921,406    14,650,120        0             0     30,177,852
                                       -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------  -------  ------------   ------------

   Purchase and retirement of
     common shares                        (124,916)      (12,491)    (1,009,548)            0        0             0     (1,022,039)
   Proceeds from the exercise of
     stock options                         112,921        11,292        619,462             0        0             0        630,754
   Change in net unrealized gain
     on marketable securities,
     net of tax                                  0             0              0             0   61,863             0         61,863
   Net income                                    0             0              0     2,932,644        0             0      2,932,644
                                       -----------   -----------   ------------   -----------  -------  ------------   ------------

BALANCE -- December 31, 1994             6,051,266   $   605,127   $ 14,531,320   $17,582,764  $61,863  $          0   $ 32,781,074
                                       ===========   ===========   ============   ===========  =======  ============   ============

</TABLE>



The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these statements.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               1994                  1993                  1992
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                  <C>                   <C>         
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
   ACTIVITIES:
     Net income                                                             $ 2,932,644          $  5,069,372          $  2,865,912
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------

     Adjustments to reconcile net income
       to net cash provided by
       operating activities-
         Depreciation and amortization                                        7,647,510             7,913,406             7,815,440
         Cumulative effect of change in
            accounting principle                                                      0              (702,000)                    0
         Net realized and unrealized
           (gains) losses on marketable
           securities                                                        (1,203,463)             (743,636)              723,040
         Changes in assets and liabilities
           net of effects from business
            acquisitions (A)                                                 (3,492,227)            1,445,967              (522,622)
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------

                Total adjustments                                             2,951,820             7,913,737             8,015,858
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------

                Net cash provided by operating
                  activities                                                  5,884,464            12,983,109            10,881,770
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING  ACTIVITIES:
     Purchase of marketable securities                                         (558,584)             (307,006)             (318,955)
     Proceeds from sale of marketable
       securities                                                             2,979,985                     0                 1,005
     Acquisition of property, plant and
       equipment                                                             (3,460,895)           (1,032,619)           (1,336,823)
     Cash paid in business acquisitions,
       net of cash acquired (B)                                              (2,688,565)                    0            (3,043,075)
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------

                Net cash used in investing
                  activities                                                 (3,728,059)           (1,339,625)           (4,697,848)
                                                                            -----------          ------------          ------------
</TABLE>



                                      F-6
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 1994                 1993                 1992
                                                                              -----------         ------------         ------------
<S>                                                                           <C>                 <C>                  <C>          
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
   ACTIVITIES:
     Principal payments on mortgage
       commitments, notes and loans                                           ($8,605,981)        ($ 8,109,745)        ($19,624,906)
     Proceeds from mortgage commitments,
       notes and loans                                                                  0                    0           14,814,426
     Net borrowings under lines of credit                                       4,748,248                    0                    0
     Purchase and retirement of common
       shares                                                                  (1,022,039)          (2,059,827)          (1,106,446)
     Proceeds from the exercise of
       stock options                                                              630,754                3,500                    0
                                                                              -----------         ------------         ------------

                Net cash used in financing
                  activities                                                   (4,249,018)         (10,166,072)          (5,916,926)
                                                                              -----------         ------------         ------------

                Net increase (decrease) in cash and
                  cash equivalents                                             (2,092,613)           1,477,412              266,996

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT
   BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                                          3,749,301            2,271,889            2,004,893
                                                                              -----------         ------------         ------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END
   OF PERIOD                                                                  $ 1,656,688         $  3,749,301         $  2,271,889
                                                                              ===========         ============         ============

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH
   FLOW INFORMATION:
     Cash paid during the period for-
       Interest                                                               $ 6,381,748         $  6,232,273         $  7,179,036
       Taxes                                                                    2,756,291            2,415,213            4,474,294
                                                                              ===========         ============         ============

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH
   INVESTING AND FINANCING
     ACTIVITIES (B):
       Acquisition of businesses and real
         properties held for rental-
           Purchase price                                                     $ 9,607,000         $          0         $  5,807,500
           Cash paid                                                           (3,140,000)                   0           (3,635,526)
                                                                              -----------         ------------         ------------

                Assumption of debt                                            $ 6,467,000         $          0         $  2,171,974
                                                                              ===========         ============         ============
</TABLE>
                                      F-7

<PAGE>

                    (A)  Changes in assets and liabilities, net
                         of effects from business acquisitions
                         for the years ended December 31, 1994,
                         1993 and 1992 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994                1993               1992
                                                                       -----------        -----------        -----------
<S>                                                                    <C>                <C>                <C>        
           Decrease (increase) in notes
              and accounts receivable, net                             ($  359,743)       ($1,484,155)       $ 2,135,313
           Decrease (increase) in inventories                             (461,966)            65,708          1,340,038
           Decrease (increase) in prepaid
              expenses and other current assets                         (4,084,920)          (139,319)           136,960
           Decrease (increase) in deferred income
              taxes                                                        523,049         (1,153,518)          (672,806)
           Increase in real property held for
              rental, net                                               (5,321,617)          (182,537)          (106,371)
           Decrease (increase) in noncurrent
              notes receivable                                             126,313            (32,131)          (511,505)
           Decrease (increase) in other assets                          (3,105,846)          (259,159)           632,869
           Increase (decrease) in accounts
              payable and accrued liabilities                            2,977,799          3,639,305         (2,823,652)
           Increase (decrease) in income
              taxes payable                                               (635,612)         1,460,374           (680,611)
           Increase (decrease) in other
              long-term liabilities                                      6,850,316           (468,601)            27,143
                                                                       -----------        -----------        -----------

                Total                                                  ($3,492,227)       $ 1,445,967        ($  522,622)
                                                                       ===========        ===========        ===========

</TABLE>
                    (B)  Acquisition of Chu Associates, Inc. and
                         Isoreg Corporation in 1992 and Kentile,
                         Inc. in 1994 -- See Note 2 to
                         Consolidated Financial Statements.




           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
                    are an integral part of these statements.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>
                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        DECEMBER 31, 1994, 1993 AND 1992




(1)  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
     ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

       NATURE OF BUSINESS-

         United Capital Corp. (the "Registrant") and its subsidiaries are
         currently engaged in the investment and management of real estate and
         in the manufacture and sale of resilient vinyl flooring, antenna
         systems, and engineered products.

       PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION-

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
         Registrant and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
         intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

       Income Recognition --
       REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS-

         The Registrant leases substantially all of its properties to tenants
         under net leases. Under this type of lease, the tenant is obligated to
         pay all operating costs of the property including real estate taxes,
         insurance, repairs and maintenance. Rental income is recognized based
         on the terms of the leases. Certain lease agreements provide for
         additional rent based on a percentage of tenants' sales. Such
         additional rents are recorded as income when they can be reasonably
         estimated. Gains on sales of real estate assets are recorded when the
         gain recognition criteria under generally accepted accounting
         principles have been met.

       MARKETABLE SECURITIES-

         Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity and
         measured at amortized cost in the consolidated balance sheet only if
         the Registrant has the positive intent and ability to hold those
         securities to maturity. Debt and equity securities that are purchased
         and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near term will
         be measured at fair value and classified as trading securities. For the
         purpose of calculating realized gains and losses, the cost of
         investments sold is determined using the first-in, first-out method.
         Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are included in
         current earnings. All securities not classified as trading or
         held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale and measured at
         fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on securities
         available-for-sale are recorded net, as a separate component of
         stockholders' equity until realized. Management determines the
         appropriate classification of securities at the time of purchase and
         reassesses the appropriateness of the classification at each reporting
         date.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>

         The Registrant adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
         No.115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
         Securities" ("SFAS 115") effective January 1, 1994. The effect of the
         adoption increased stockholders' equity by approximately $350,000, net
         of tax at such date.

         Under the previous accounting policy, securities were carried at the
         lower of cost or market value with a charge to income for unrealized
         holding losses. Unrealized gains were recognized only to the extent
         that previously unrealized losses had been recognized. As prescribed,
         this new standard was not applied retroactively to prior years.

       INVENTORIES-

         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and include
         material, labor and manufacturing overhead.

         The first-in, first-out (FIFO) method is used to determine the cost of
         inventories in all of the Registrant's business segments, except the
         resilient vinyl flooring operations, which utilizes the last-in,
         first-out (LIFO) method. Approximately 32% of the Registrant's December
         31, 1994 inventories are valued using the LIFO method. Had the FIFO
         method been used to cost all inventories, the amount at which
         inventories are stated would have been approximately $306,000 less at
         December 31, 1994.

         The components of inventory at December 31, 1994 and 1993 are as
         follows-

                                             1994              1993
                                          -----------      ----------

           Raw materials                  $ 4,813,658      $4,261,991
           Work in process                  2,628,595       2,195,927
           Finished goods                   5,672,306       1,611,357
                                          -----------      ----------

                                          $13,114,559      $8,069,275
                                          ===========      ==========

       DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION-

         Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis
         over the estimated useful lives of the related assets as follows-

           Real property held for rental-
              Buildings                               7 to 39 years
              Equipment                               5 to 7 years

           Property, plant and equipment-
              Buildings and improvements              18 to 40 years
              Machinery and equipment                 3 to 10 years


                                      F-10
<PAGE>

       PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS-

         The Registrant capitalizes certain promotional materials in connection
         with its resilient vinyl flooring operations. These costs are
         classified as prepaid assets until the materials are distributed to the
         market place. Selling expense is recorded when materials are
         distributed.

       REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR RENTAL-

         Real property held for rental is carried at cost less accumulated
         depreciation. Major renewals and betterments are capitalized.
         Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.

         Certain mortgage obligations assumed by the Registrant contain
         provisions whereby the mortgage holder may acquire, under certain
         conditions, an interest in the properties securing the obligation, for
         a nominal amount. The Registrant considers any costs incurred as a
         result of these provisions to be a cost of acquisition and the basis in
         such properties is adjusted accordingly.

       RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT-

         The Registrant expenses research, development and product engineering
         costs as incurred. Approximately $814,000, $618,000 and $713,000 of
         such costs were incurred by the Registrant in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
         respectively. Provisions for losses are made for research and
         development contracts when the estimated costs under such contracts
         exceed the proceeds.

       NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE-

         Net income (loss) per common share is computed based upon the weighted
         average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares
         outstanding during the period. Fully diluted and primary earnings per
         common share are the same amounts for each of the periods presented.

       PRIOR YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-

         Certain amounts have been reclassified in the December 31, 1993 and
         1992 financial statements and notes thereto to present them on a basis
         consistent with the current year.

(2)  ACQUISITION OF OPERATING COMPANIES:

       On March 14, 1994 the Registrant, through a new wholly-owned subsidiary
       known as Kentile, Inc. ("Kentile"), purchased substantially all of the
       operating assets of Kentile Floors, Inc. ("Kentile Floors") for
       approximately $9.6 million. The purchase price was comprised of
       approximately $6.5 million in new bank financing and approximately $3.1
       million in cash.

       The $3.1 million cash payment included $775,000 that was advanced to
       Kentile Floors by the Registrant during 1993 and was also partially
       derived from a total of $4 million in short-term borrowings by the
       Registrant during the first quarter of 1994. These funds were used by
       Kentile Floors to repay amounts outstanding under its asset-based lending
       agreement, thereby relieving the Registrant of its obligation under the
       letter of credit, discussed below.


                                      F-11
<PAGE>
       In November 1992, Kentile Floors filed for protection under Chapter 11 of
       the United States Bankruptcy Code. Subsequent thereto, the Registrant
       acquired a 1/3 equity interest in Kentile Floors together with an option
       to purchase an additional equity interest in the future. In consideration
       for this interest and option in Kentile Floors, the Registrant provided a
       $2 million letter of credit to partially guarantee borrowings under
       Kentile Floors' asset-based lending agreement. The letter of credit
       arrangement was made pursuant to Bankruptcy Court approval on a priority
       basis. In light of the uncertain outcome of Kentile Floors' bankruptcy
       proceedings, no value was assigned to the equity interest acquired by the
       Registrant.

       The acquisition of Kentile has been accounted for under the purchase
       method of accounting and, accordingly, the purchase price, including
       associated costs of the acquisition, was allocated to assets acquired and
       liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the date of acquisition
       as follows (in thousands)-

         Net current assets and liabilities                    $ 4,690
         Property, plant and equipment                           2,608
         Noncurrent assets                                       2,463
         Long-term liabilities                                    (154)
                                                               -------

                  Allocated purchase price                     $ 9,607
                                                               =======

       The results of operations of Kentile have been included in the
       accompanying consolidated statements of income from the date of
       acquisition, March 14, 1994.

       Included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying
       December 31, 1994 consolidated financial statements is approximately
       $800,000 related to unutilized equipment acquired in the acquisition of
       Kentile, which is to be sold under a contract entered into in March 1995.
       The Registrant has valued the equipment in accordance with this agreement
       and included this transaction in the allocation of the purchase price,
       noted above. Accordingly, no gain has been recognized in the accompanying
       consolidated financial statements.

       In February 1994, the Registrant also acquired the underlying mortgage
       secured by Kentile Floors' South Plainfield facility for $2,250,000. This
       note has a face amount outstanding of approximately $6.5 million plus
       delinquent accrued interest. The Registrant has accounted for this
       mortgage as an insubstance foreclosure and, accordingly, recorded the
       purchase price as a component of real property held for rental in the
       accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

       As of April 2, 1992, the Registrant, through a wholly-owned subsidiary of
       Metex Corporation ("Metex"), purchased the net operating assets of Chu
       Associates, Inc. and affiliated companies, a manufacturer of antenna
       systems for naval and land-based applications, now known as D&M/Chu
       Technology, Inc. ("D&M/Chu"), for $3,675,000. The purchase price was
       satisfied by $2,475,000 in cash and a $1,200,000 note to the sellers. The
       $2,475,000 cash payment was derived from a total of $4,750,000 in bank
       borrowings by the Registrant in connection with the acquisition and the
       refinancing of certain of the existing debt of Chu Associates, Inc.


                                      F-12
<PAGE>
       The acquisition has been accounted for under the purchase method of
       accounting and, accordingly, the purchase price, including associated
       costs of the acquisition, was allocated to assets acquired and
       liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the date of acquisition
       as follows (in thousands)-

         Net current assets and liabilities                    ($  157)
         Property, plant and equipment                           5,181
         Noncurrent assets                                         860
         Long-term liabilities                                  (2,054)
                                                               -------

                      Allocated purchase price                 $ 3,830
                                                               =======

       The results of operations of D&M/Chu have been included in the
       accompanying consolidated statements of income from the date of
       acquisition.

       The following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations of
       the Registrant assume that the acquisition of D&M/Chu had occurred at the
       beginning of 1992 and that the acquisition of Kentile had occurred at the
       beginning of 1993 and 1994. In addition to combining historical results
       of operations of the companies, the pro forma calculations include
       adjustments to historical assets, liabilities and results of operations
       which occur in a purchase.

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

                     (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                              1994      1993      1992
                                            --------  --------  -------

         Revenues                           $113,952  $119,870  $73,083
                                            ========  ========  =======

         Net income                         $  2,051  $  4,117  $ 2,758
                                            ========  ========  =======

         Net income per common share        $    .33  $    .66  $   .42
                                            ========  ========  =======

       The above financial information is not necessarily indicative of the
       actual results that would have occurred had the acquisitions of D&M/Chu
       or Kentile been consummated at the beginning of the periods presented or
       of future operations of the combined companies.

       In October 1992, AFP Transformers, Inc. ("AFP Transformers"), a
       wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant, purchased the operating assets
       of Isoreg Corporation in a foreclosure sale from a bank for approximately
       $761,000, including all costs associated with the acquisition. The
       results of operations of AFP Transformers have been included in the
       accompanying consolidated statements of income from the date of
       acquisition. Pro forma results have not been separately disclosed as
       amounts are not material.

(3)  REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR RENTAL:

       The Registrant is the lessor of real estate under operating leases which
       expire in various years through 2070.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>

       The following is a summary of real property held for rental at December
       31-

                                                 1994                1993
                                             ------------       ------------

         Land                                $ 12,244,736       $ 11,703,007
         Buildings                            114,395,602        107,947,423
                                             ------------       ------------

                        Total                 126,640,338        119,650,430
                                             ------------       ------------

         Less- Accumulated depreciation       (51,569,038)       (45,257,746)
                                             ------------       ------------

                                              $75,071,300        $74,392,684
                                             ============       ============

       As of December 31, 1994, total minimum future rentals to be received
       under noncancellable leases for each of the next five years and
       thereafter are as follows-

         Year Ended December 31-
           1995                                           $13,725,000
           1996                                            11,843,000
           1997                                            10,604,000
           1998                                             9,337,000
           1999                                             8,390,000
           Thereafter                                      50,786,000
                                                         -------------

         Total Minimum Future Rentals                    $104,685,000
                                                         =============

       Minimum future rentals do not include additional rentals that may be
       received under certain leases which provide for such rentals based upon a
       percentage of lessees' sales. Percentage rents included in the
       determination of net income in 1994, 1993 and 1992 were approximately
       $915,000, $1,037,000, and $1,271,000, respectively.

       Included in 1992 percentage rents are approximately $520,000 collected
       from a tenant as a result of an arbitration award. These amounts were
       earned over a four-year period but not previously accrued.

(4)  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:

       Property, plant and equipment is principally used in the Registrant's
       manufacturing operations and consists of the following at December 31-

                                               1994            1993
                                           ------------   ------------

         Land                              $  1,189,369   $  1,132,950
         Buildings and improvements           5,276,556      3,888,953
         Machinery and equipment             11,008,466      7,731,628
                                           ------------   ------------
                                             17,474,391     12,753,531

         Less- Accumulated depreciation      (4,977,480)    (3,840,345)
                                           ------------   ------------

                                           $ 12,496,911   $  8,913,186
                                           ============   ============


                                      F-14
<PAGE>
       At December 31, 1994 property, plant and equipment includes approximately
       $2.3 million of land and buildings used in the Registrant's D&M/Chu
       antenna business. These operations are being consolidated with those of
       the Registrant's Dorne & Margolin subsidiary. The Registrant has leased
       one of the D&M/Chu facilities (which is classified as real property held
       for rental at December 31, 1994) at rates which are sufficient to cover
       the carrying costs of the property, and is exploring possibilities to
       lease the remaining facility and to develop the unused land at the site.

(5)  MARKETABLE SECURITIES:

       The aggregate market value of marketable securities, which were all
       available-for-sale, was $594,070 at December 31, 1994, while gross
       unrealized holding gains were $61,863 on a net of tax basis. At December
       31, 1993 the aggregate market value and the gross unrealized holding
       gains of the Registrant's marketable security portfolio were $2,296,318
       and $578,041, respectively.

       Proceeds from the sales of securities, which were designated as
       available-for-sale in 1994, and the resulting gross realized gains and
       losses included in the determination of net income for the years ended
       December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 are as follows-

                                     1994          1993         1992
                                 -----------   -----------  -----------

         Proceeds                $ 2,979,985   $         0  $     1,005
                                 ===========   ===========  ===========

         Realized gains          $ 1,233,389   $         0  $    20,596
                                 ===========   ===========  ===========

         Realized losses         ($   29,926)  $         0  $         0
                                 ===========   ===========  ===========

(6)  NOTES RECEIVABLE:

       Notes receivable consist of the following at December 31-

                                               1994            1993
                                            ----------      ----------

         Mortgage notes receivable (a)      $  722,913      $  908,509
         Advances to affiliate (b)                   0         775,000
         Due from related party (Note 11)      360,000         628,494
         Loan receivable (Note 11)                   0          88,333
                                            ----------      ----------

                                             1,082,913       2,400,336
         Less- Current portion included in
           notes and accounts receivable       386,685       1,577,795
                                            ----------      ----------

                                            $  696,228      $  822,541
                                            ==========      ==========

         (a)  As partial consideration in the sale of several properties, the
              Registrant received mortgage notes in the aggregate amount of
              $2,080,000. The notes, which are secured by the properties sold,
              bore interest in 1993 and 1994 at various rates ranging between 8%
              and 15% and bear interest in future periods at rates ranging
              between 9% and 11%. Interest under the notes is due monthly.
              Principal repayment terms vary with periodic installments through
              December 2008. One such note, with an original face amount of
              $200,000 was satisfied during 1994.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>

              In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the
              gains from the sales of certain of these properties are being
              recognized under the installment method, and accordingly, the
              carrying value of noncurrent notes receivable has been reduced by
              deferred gains of approximately $941,000 and $991,000 at December
              31, 1994 and 1993, respectively. The deferred gains are being
              recognized as income as payments are received under the note.

         (b)  During 1993 the Registrant advanced $775,000 to Kentile Floors.
              Such advances were made on a priority basis pursuant to Bankruptcy
              Court approval granted in this matter. In 1992 the Registrant
              acquired a one-third interest in Kentile Floors subsequent to
              Kentile Floors' filing for protection under Chapter 11 of the 
              U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In March 1994 the Registrant acquired the
              operating assets of Kentile Floors and such advances were included
              in the determination of the purchase price of this acquisition.
              See Note 2, "Acquisition of Operating Companies."

(7)  OTHER ASSETS:

       Other assets consist of the following at December 31-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               1994                 1993
                                                                                           -----------          -----------
<S>                                                                                        <C>                  <C>        
         Anticipated insurance recoveries (a)                                              $ 7,000,000          $         0
         Pensions - Note 14                                                                  2,378,000              570,000
         Deposits                                                                              848,744              396,584
         Equipment held for sale - Note 2                                                      800,000                    0
         Covenants not to compete                                                              403,717              602,545
         Cash surrender value of life insurance policies, net                                  294,447              342,427
         Patents, net of accumulated amortization                                              188,646              217,801
         Other                                                                                 235,962              228,206
                                                                                           -----------          -----------

                                                                                            12,149,516            2,357,563

         Less-  Amounts included in prepaid expenses and
                  other current assets                                                       5,144,807              326,922
                                                                                           -----------          -----------

                           Total other assets                                              $ 7,004,709          $ 2,030,641
                                                                                           ===========          ===========
</TABLE>

         (a)  In accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 92 the Registrant has
              recorded the anticipated recoveries from its insurance carriers in
              connection with the environmental investigation and remediation
              costs to be incurred at two of its manufacturing sites in New
              Jersey. See Note 16, "Contingencies."


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

(8)  LONG-TERM DEBT:

       Long-term debt consists of the following at December 31-


                                                   1994              1993
                                                -----------      -----------

         First mortgages on real property (a)   $50,516,000      $55,044,727
         Second mortgages on real property (b)      390,902          585,074
         Loan payable to bank (c)                 3,280,829        4,550,832
         Loan payable to bank (d)                 2,756,251        3,937,501
         Loan payable to bank (e)                   520,000                0
         Note payable (f)                         1,200,000        1,200,000
         Note payable (g)                                 0        1,158,335
         Other                                      471,421          472,784
                                                -----------      -----------

                                                 59,135,403       66,949,253
         Less- Current maturities                 9,755,590        8,309,052
                                                -----------      -----------

                                                $49,379,813      $58,640,201
                                                ===========      ===========

         (a)  First mortgages bearing interest at rates ranging from 7.875% to
              11% per annum are collateralized by the related real property.
              Such amounts are scheduled to mature at various dates from
              September 1995 through February 2010.

         (b)  Second mortgages bearing interest at rates of approximately
              10.125% per annum are collateralized by the related real property.
              Such amounts are scheduled to mature at various dates from October
              2001 through November 2002.

         (c)  In July 1992, the Registrant borrowed $6,350,000 from a bank to
              refinance a note to a former shareholder which was issued in
              connection with the merger of BMG Equities, Corp. ("BMG"). This
              note bore interest at the bank's prime lending rate plus 1/4%
              until April 1993 when it was converted to a fixed rate note at
              6.2% for the remainder of the term. The note is due in 60 equal
              principal installments, together with accrued interest thereon,
              through July 1997. The loan agreement contains, among other
              things, several financial covenants regarding net worth and
              debt-to-equity ratios. At December 31, 1994 the Registrant was not
              in compliance with certain of these covenants. The bank has
              granted a waiver for such noncompliance and has modified certain
              covenants through December 31, 1995. The Registrant believes it
              will be in compliance with the foregoing agreements.

         (d)  In connection with the acquisition of the operating assets of Chu
              Associates, Inc., the Registrant entered into a $4,725,000 loan
              agreement with a bank. The loan bore interest at the bank's prime
              lending rate plus 1/4% until April 1993 when it was converted to a
              fixed rate note at 6.3% for the remainder of the term. The note is
              payable monthly, with 48 equal monthly principal installments
              beginning in May 1993. The loan agreement contains several
              financial covenants regarding working capital, net worth, capital
              expenditures and debt-to-equity ratios. At December 31, 1994 the
              Registrant was not in compliance with certain of these covenants.
              The bank has granted a waiver for such noncompliance and has
              modified certain covenants through December 31, 1995. The
              Registrant believes it will be in compliance with the foregoing
              agreements.


                                      F-17
<PAGE>

         (e)  In connection with the acquisition of the operating assets of
              Kentile Floors the Registrant entered into a $600,000 term loan
              with a bank. The loan bears interest at the bank's prime lending
              rate plus 2% which was 10.5% at December 31, 1994. The loan is due
              in 60 equal principal installments, together with accrued interest
              thereon, through March 1999. Amounts outstanding are guaranteed by
              the Registrant and secured by the accounts receivable, inventory
              and equipment of Kentile. The loan contains, among other things,
              several financial covenants regarding capital expenditures and
              debt-to-equity ratios. At December 31, 1994 the Registrant was not
              in compliance with certain of these covenants. The bank has
              granted a waiver of the debt-to-equity covenant through March 31,
              1996 and the capital expenditure covenant through December 31,
              1995.

         (f)  As partial consideration in the acquisition of D&M/Chu the
              Registrant issued a $1,200,000 note to the sellers. The note bore
              interest at 6.5% between May 1992 and May 1994. Thereafter the
              interest rate is adjusted annually by no more than a 1% increase
              or decrease from the rate of the immediately preceding
              twelve-month period to the published prime rate charged by U. S.
              banks. This rate was 6.75% between May and December 1994. The note
              requires quarterly interest payments and matures in May 1997.
              Under certain conditions, the Registrant may offset certain
              amounts against this note.

         (g)  In connection with the acquisition of D&M/Chu the Registrant
              assumed a note held by the Massachusetts Industrial Finance Agency
              which was secured by one of D&M/Chu's manufacturing facilities.
              The note bore interest at 8.75% and was fully satisfied during
              1994.

         The approximate aggregate maturities of these obligations at 
         December 31, 1994 are as follows-

           1995                                    $9,755,590
           1996                                     9,608,669
           1997                                     7,563,472
           1998                                     4,962,717
           1999                                     4,649,138
           Thereafter                              22,595,817
                                                  -----------

                                                  $59,135,403
                                                  ===========

(9)    REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITIES:

        The Registrant maintains an unsecured line of credit arrangement with a
        bank which provides for borrowings up to $15,000,000 at the bank's prime
        lending rate, which was 8.5% at December 31, 1994 and 6% at December 31,
        1993. This demand facility is reviewed by the bank annually on May 31.
        At December 31, 1994 there was $6 million outstanding under this
        facility. There were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at
        December 31, 1993.

        Borrowings under this facility are jointly and severally guaranteed by
        both the Registrant and its subsidiaries. Unless extended, any amounts
        outstanding are due and payable within 30 days of the expiration of this
        facility.


                                      F-18
<PAGE>

        Kentile maintains a revolving credit facility with a bank which provides
        for maximum borrowings of the lessor of $7 million or the borrowing
        base, as defined, at the bank's prime lending rate plus 1 1/2% which was
        10% at December 31, 1994. Such borrowings are collateralized by all
        accounts receivable, inventory and equipment of Kentile. At December 31,
        1994 approximately $4.6 million was outstanding under this facility
        which is due on demand and matures in April 1996. This facility
        includes, among other things, several financial covenants regarding
        capital expenditures and debt-to-equity ratios. At December 31, 1994 the
        Registrant was not in compliance with certain of these covenants. The
        bank has granted a waiver of the debt-to-equity covenant through March
        31, 1996 and the capital expenditure covenant through December 31, 1995.

(10)   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

         AUTHORIZED CAPITAL AND TREASURY STOCK-

          The stockholders of the Registrant ratified a plan during the 1993
          Annual Meeting of Stockholders to reduce the authorized capital of the
          Registrant to 7,500,000 shares of $.10 par value common stock. In
          addition, the Registrant has retired all shares of common stock
          previously held in treasury.

         STOCK OPTIONS-

          The Registrant has two stock option plans under which qualified and
          nonqualified options may be granted to key employees to purchase the
          Registrant's common stock at the fair market value at the date of
          grant. Under both plans, the options become exercisable in three equal
          installments, beginning one year from the date of grant. The 1988
          Incentive Stock Option Plan (the "Incentive Plan") provides for the
          granting of incentive stock options not to exceed 325,000 options in
          the aggregate. The 1988 Joint Incentive and Non-Qualified Stock Option
          Plan (the "Joint Plan") provides for the granting of incentive or
          nonqualified stock options, also not to exceed 325,000 options in the
          aggregate.

          During 1993 employees of the Registrant were granted 83,000 and 43,000
          options pursuant to the Joint Plan and Incentive Plan, respectively.
          Such options are exercisable at $11 per share subject to the vesting
          period noted above. Included in the 1993 grants are 70,000 and 30,000
          options granted to the Chairman of the Board pursuant to the Joint
          Plan and Incentive Plan, respectively.

          At December 31, 1994, there were 119,516 and 49,594 options
          outstanding under the Joint Plan and Incentive Plan, respectively. At
          December 31, 1993, 149,088 and 117,240 options were outstanding under
          the Joint Plan and Incentive Plan, respectively.

          In addition to options outstanding under the Joint Plan and Incentive
          Plan, 180,000 and 240,000 options were outstanding at December 31,
          1994 and 1993, respectively. Such options were previously granted to
          Directors and certain officers of the Registrant and are presently
          exercisable at $5.50 per share, which price was equal to or greater
          than the market value per share on the date of grant. If unexercised,
          these options expire 30 days after the end of a Director's term.
          During 1994 directors of the Registrant exercised options to purchase
          60,000 of such shares.


                                      F-19
<PAGE>
           Transactions involving stock options are summarized below-

                                                   1994            1993
                                               ------------     ------------

         Outstanding, beginning of year           506,328         391,017
         Granted                                        0         126,000
         Canceled                                 (44,297)         (9,989)
         Exercised                               (112,921)           (700)
                                               ------------     ------------

         Outstanding, end of year                 349,110         506,328
                                               ============     ============

         Exercisable, end of year                 268,443         380,328
                                               ============     ============

         Price range of options outstanding    $5.00-$16.38     $5.00-$16.38
                                               ============     ============

(11)   TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:

        In April 1994, the Registrant participated in a $5 million loan
        transaction secured by a second mortgage covering a leasehold estate.
        The Registrant advanced $2,253,000 in connection with this loan. The
        remaining amounts were advanced by the following: Directors of the
        Registrant, $830,000; the wife of the Board Chairman, $1 million;
        Officers of the Registrant, $39,000; and $878,000 by unrelated parties.

        The note bore interest at 15% per annum, payable monthly and was fully
        satisfied together with accrued interest in February 1995. In addition,
        the participants received a commitment fee of 3% on their advances from
        the borrower.

        In February 1993, the Registrant participated in a $7.5 million loan
        transaction secured by a second mortgage covering the leasehold estate
        on a prime hotel property in New York City. During 1993 a total of
        $6,250,000 had been advanced, including approximately $1,652,000 by the
        Registrant, $2,532,000 by certain Directors, $200,000 by the wife of the
        Board Chairman, $100,000 by two adult daughters of a director, $100,000
        by a trust under will in which a Director has a partial remainder
        interest and approximately $1,666,000 by unrelated parties.

        In connection with this loan, a commitment fee in the net amount of
        $270,000 was prorated among the participants in relation to the
        principal amount advanced and committed to be advanced by each
        participant. The note bore interest at 15% per annum, payable monthly
        and was fully satisfied together with accrued interest in December 1993.

        In June 1993 the Registrant advanced approximately $89,000 in connection
        with a $265,000 loan transaction secured by a first mortgage on a
        Brooklyn, New York property. The loan bore interest at 15% per annum,
        payable monthly, and matured and was fully satisfied in June 1994. A
        Director of the Registrant and an unrelated party also held 1/3
        interests in this loan.

        In connection with the purchase of an interest in a real estate loan
        from a Director in 1992 the Registrant issued a note in the amount of
        $198,000. The note bore interest at 10% and was fully satisfied in
        February 1995.

                                      F-20

<PAGE>
        During 1994 and 1993 the Registrant advanced, in the aggregate, $360,000
        and $3,411,833, respectively, to the Chairman of the Board. Such
        advances bore interest at 1% over the Registrant's borrowing rate under
        its revolving credit facility which was 8.5% at December 31, 1994 and 6%
        at December 31, 1993. Amounts outstanding at December 31, 1994 and 1993
        of $360,000 and $628,494, respectively, together with accrued interest
        thereon were repaid in January 1995 and 1994, respectively.

(12)   INCOME TAXES:

        Effective January 1, 1993 the Registrant adopted Statement of Financial
        Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS
        109"). In prior years, the Registrant accounted for income taxes using
        Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 11 ("APB 11"). Under SFAS 109,
        deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the
        difference between the tax basis of an asset or liability and its
        reported amount in the consolidated financial statements using enacted
        tax rates. Future tax benefits attributable to these differences are
        recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more
        likely than not.

        Under the provisions of SFAS 109, the Registrant has elected not to
        restate prior years' consolidated financial statements. The cumulative
        effect of this accounting change on years prior to 1993 resulted in a
        benefit of $702,000, or $.11 per share which is reflected in the
        accompanying consolidated statement of income for 1993. In addition, the
        effect of this change on income before cumulative effect of an
        accounting change in 1993 was an increase of approximately $700,000 or
        $.11 per share.

        The cumulative benefit recorded by the Registrant primarily arises from
        basis differences of real properties held for rental for financial
        statement and income tax purposes. Based upon the Registrant's
        historical and projected levels of pretax income, management believes it
        is more likely than not that the Registrant will realize such benefits
        in the future and accordingly no valuation reserve has been recorded.

        The components of the net deferred tax asset (liability) at December 31,
        1994 and 1993, are as follows-

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            1994                1993
                                                                                         -----------         -----------
<S>                                                                                      <C>                 <C>        
           Realization allowances related to
              accounts receivable and inventories                                        $   588,407         $   433,199
           Basis differences relating to real
              property held for rental                                                     1,755,810           1,250,538
           Accrued expenses, deductible when paid                                          1,609,260           1,496,393
           Deferred revenue and profit (for tax purposes)                                   (291,168)           (247,422)
           Basis differences relating to business acquisitions                            (1,858,912)         (1,642,060)
           Property, plant and equipment                                                     137,769            (199,685)
           Pensions                                                                         (814,171)           (199,465)
           Other, net                                                                          5,940             (21,358)
                                                                                         -----------         -----------

                         Net deferred tax asset (liability)                                1,132,935             870,140

           Less- Current portion                                                             784,849             609,078
                                                                                         -----------         -----------

                         Noncurrent portion                                              $   348,086         $   261,062
                                                                                         ===========         ===========

</TABLE>
                                      F-21

<PAGE>



        Income tax provision (benefit) reflected in the accompanying
        consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 1994,
        1993 and 1992, is summarized as follows-

                                1994          1993          1992
                             -----------   -----------   -----------
           Current-
              Federal        $ 1,926,000   $ 2,511,000   $ 2,390,000
              State            1,131,000       770,000       705,000
           Deferred             (405,000)     (237,000)     (156,000)
                             -----------   -----------   -----------

                             $ 2,652,000   $ 3,044,000   $ 2,939,000
                             ===========   ===========   ===========

        A reconciliation of tax provision computed at statutory rates to the
        amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for
        the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992 is as follows-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            1994              1993               1992
                                                                         ----------        ----------        -----------
<S>                                                                      <C>               <C>               <C>        
           Computed Federal income
             tax provision at statutory rates                            $1,899,000        $2,520,000        $ 1,974,000
           State income taxes, net of
             Federal income tax benefit                                     767,000           508,000            465,000
           Effect of basis differences arising from
             purchase accounting adjustments
             on pretax income                                                     0                 0            572,000
           Effect of difference between tax
             and book basis of properties sold                                    0                 0           (106,000)
           Other, net                                                       (14,000)           16,000             34,000
                                                                         ----------        ----------        -----------

                                                                         $2,652,000        $3,044,000        $ 2,939,000
                                                                         ==========        ==========        ===========
</TABLE>

(13)   OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSE:

        The components of other income and expense in the accompanying
        consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 1994,
        1993 and 1992 are as follows-

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              1994              1993              1992
                                                                           ----------        ----------        ---------
<S>                                                                        <C>               <C>               <C>      
           Gain on sales of real estate assets                             $1,399,495        $1,109,591        $ 449,408
           Net realized and unrealized
              gains (losses) on
              marketable securities (a)                                     1,203,463           743,636         (723,040)
           Income from equity investments (b)                                  46,029           578,382          142,059
           Other (c)                                                          170,506         1,681,488          249,083
                                                                           ----------        ----------        ---------

                                                                           $2,819,493        $4,113,097        $ 117,510
                                                                           ==========        ==========        =========
</TABLE>
        (a)    In 1994 unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities,
               which were all available-for-sale, have been recorded net, as a
               separate component of stockholders' equity in accordance with
               SFAS 115. In prior years unrealized losses were included in the
               determination of net income while unrealized gains were only
               recognized to the extent of previously unrecognized losses. See
               Note 1.


                                      F-22
<PAGE>

         (b)   Income from equity investments principally represents
               nonrecurring cash distributions received by the Registrant in
               connection with interests held in certain real estate ventures
               which were acquired in the 1991 merger with BMG. Such investments
               were valued at historical cost at the date of acquisition.

         (c)   In 1993, the Registrant received a $2 million settlement from
               Metex' insurance carrier in connection with the class action
               civil suit brought by the former shareholders of Metex. This
               settlement is reflected in other income, net of approximately
               $450,000 of costs incurred in defense of this action during 1993.
               All defense costs incurred prior to 1993 were included in general
               and administrative expenses.

(14)   RETIREMENT PLAN:

         Certain of the Registrant's subsidiaries have noncontributory defined
         benefit pension plans that cover substantially all full-time employees
         of the engineered products segment and all hourly employees of the
         resilient vinyl flooring segment.

         The following table sets forth the funded status of the plans and
         amounts recognized in the Registrant's consolidated financial
         statements as of December 31, 1994 and 1993. The defined benefit plan
         covering the employees of the resilient vinyl flooring segment has been
         included here and in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
         since the acquisition of Kentile in March, 1994.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           1994                  1993
                                                                                        ------------         -----------
<S>                                                                                     <C>                  <C>        
           Accumulated benefit obligation:
              Vested                                                                    $  8,527,000         $ 1,565,000
              Nonvested                                                                      138,000             131,000
                                                                                        ------------         -----------

                                                                                        $  8,665,000         $ 1,696,000
                                                                                        ============         ===========

           Plan assets at fair value, primarily U. S. bonds,
              government-backed mortgage obligations
              and stocks                                                                $ 11,663,000         $ 2,055,000
           Projected benefit obligation                                                   (8,830,000)         (1,845,000)
                                                                                        ------------         -----------

           Plan assets in excess of projected benefit obligation                           2,833,000             210,000
           Effect of purchase accounting                                                  (1,873,000)           (156,000)
           Unrecognized net loss, net of amortization                                      1,418,000             516,000
                                                                                        ------------         -----------

           Pension benefit included in other assets                                     $  2,378,000         $   570,000
                                                                                        ============         ===========
</TABLE>

         Net periodic pension (income) expense for 1994 and 1993 includes the
         following components-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              1994                1993
                                                                                          -----------          ---------
<S>                                                                                       <C>                  <C>        
           Service cost                                                                   $   249,000          $ 171,000
           Interest cost                                                                      524,000            122,000
           Actual return on plan assets                                                       242,000           (142,000)
           Net amortization and deferral                                                   (1,048,000)           (25,000)
                                                                                          -----------          ---------

                         Net periodic pension (income) expense                            ($   33,000)         $ 126,000
                                                                                          ===========          =========

</TABLE>

                                      F-23
<PAGE>





         In determining the projected benefit obligation for 1994 and 1993, the
         weighted average assumed discount rate was 7.5% for both plans, while
         the rate of expected increases in future salary levels was 3.5% for
         those employees of the engineered products segment. No such escalation
         is required under the plan covering the employees of the resilient
         vinyl flooring segment. The expected long-term rate of return on assets
         used in determining net periodic pension cost was 9% and 8% for the
         engineered products and resilient vinyl flooring plans, respectively.
         No contributions were made during 1994 or 1993.

(15)   BUSINESS SEGMENTS:

         At December 31, 1994, the Registrant had four business segments: real
         estate investment and management, the manufacture and sale of resilient
         vinyl flooring, the manufacturing and sale of engineered products and
         the manufacture and sale of antenna systems. Information on the
         Registrant's business segments for 1994, 1993 and 1992 is as follows-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             1994              1993              1992
                                                                           ---------         ---------         ---------
                                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                                                        <C>               <C>               <C>      
           Net revenues and sales-
              Rental revenues                                              $  21,988         $  20,815         $  19,543
              Resilient vinyl flooring                                        29,894                 0                 0
              Antenna systems                                                 19,495            21,098            24,513
              Engineered products                                             35,511            27,643            26,819
                                                                           ---------         ---------         ---------

                                                                           $ 106,888         $  69,556         $  70,875
                                                                           =========         =========         =========

           Operating income (loss)-
              Real estate investment and management                        $   5,038         $   3,946         $   3,033
              Resilient vinyl flooring                                          (608)                0                 0
              Antenna systems                                                 (1,527)              769             3,259
              Engineered products                                              2,477             1,585             2,687
                                                                           ---------         ---------         ---------

                                                                               5,380             6,300             8,979

           General corporate expenses                                         (1,613)           (2,561)           (2,831)
           Other income (expense), net                                         1,818             3,672              (343)
                                                                           ---------         ---------         ---------

                      Income before income taxes                           $   5,585         $   7,411         $   5,805
                                                                           =========         =========         =========

           Identifiable assets-
              Real estate investment and management                        $  92,421         $  86,668         $  88,453
              Resilient vinyl flooring                                        13,975                 0                 0
              Antenna systems                                                 15,580            17,686            18,899
              Engineered products                                             14,365            10,528             9,497
                                                                           ---------         ---------         ---------

                                                                           $ 136,341         $ 114,882         $ 116,849
                                                                           =========         =========         =========
</TABLE>

         Through the Registrant's antenna systems segment, approximately 13%,
         21% and 23% of consolidated revenues were derived from sales to the
         United States Government or its contractors in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
         respectively.


                                      F-24
<PAGE>





         Sales by the Registrant's engineered products segment to automobile
         original equipment manufacturers accounted for approximately 16%, 20%
         and 23% of 1994, 1993 and 1992 consolidated revenues, respectively.

(16)   CONTINGENCIES:

         The Registrant has undertaken the completion of environmental studies
         and/or remedial action at Metex' two New Jersey facilities.

         The process of remediation has begun at one facility pursuant to a plan
         filed with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection and
         Energy ("NJDEPE"). Environmental experts engaged by the Registrant
         estimate that under the most probable remediation scenario the
         remediation of this site is anticipated to require initial expenditures
         of $860,000, including the cost of capital equipment, and $86,000 in
         annual operating and maintenance costs over a 15-year period.

         Environmental studies at the second facility indicate that remediation
         may be necessary. Based upon the facts presently available,
         environmental experts have advised the Registrant that under the most
         probable remediation scenario, the estimated cost to remediate this
         site is anticipated to require $2.3 million in initial costs, including
         capital equipment expenditures, and $258,000 in annual operating and
         maintenance costs over a 10-year period. The Registrant may revise such
         estimates in the future due to the uncertainty regarding the nature,
         timing and extent of any remediation efforts that may be required at
         this site, should an appropriate regulatory agency deem such efforts to
         be necessary.

         The foregoing estimates may also be revised by the Registrant as new or
         additional information in these matters become available or should the
         NJDEPE or other regulatory agencies require additional or alternative
         remediation efforts in the future. It is not currently possible to
         estimate the range or amount of any such liability.

         Although the Registrant believes that it is entitled to full defense
         and indemnification with respect to environmental investigation and
         remediation costs under its insurance policies, the Registrant's
         insurers have denied such coverage. Accordingly, the Registrant has
         filed an action against certain insurance carriers seeking defense and
         indemnification with respect to all prior and future costs incurred in
         the investigation and remediation of these sites. Upon the advice of
         counsel, the Registrant believes that based upon a present
         understanding of the facts and the present state of the law in New
         Jersey, it is probable that the Registrant will prevail in the pending
         litigation and thereby access all or a very substantial portion of the
         insurance coverage it claims; however, the ultimate outcome of
         litigation cannot be predicted.

         As a result of the foregoing, the Registrant has not recorded a charge
         to operations for the environmental remediation, noted above, in the
         consolidated financial statements, as anticipated proceeds from
         insurance recoveries are expected to offset such liabilities. The
         Registrant has reached settlements with several insurance carriers in
         this matter. Those recoveries anticipated to be received within twelve
         months are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the
         accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

                                      F-25

<PAGE>





         In the opinion of management, these matters will be resolved favorably
         and such amounts, if any, not recovered under the Registrant's
         insurance policies will be paid gradually over a period of years and,
         accordingly, should not have a material adverse effect upon the
         business, liquidity or financial position of the Registrant. However,
         adverse decisions or events, particularly as to the merits of the
         Registrant's factual and legal basis could cause the Registrant to
         change its estimate of liability with respect to such matters in the
         future.

         Effective January 1, 1994 the Registrant adopted the provisions of
         Staff Accounting Bulletin 92 and accordingly has recorded the expected
         liability associated with remediation efforts as a component of other
         long-term liabilities and the anticipated insurance recoveries as a
         component of prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets
         in the Registrant's consolidated financial statements.

         The Registrant is involved in various other litigation and legal
         matters which are being defended and handled in the ordinary course of
         business. None of these matters are expected to result in a judgment
         having a material adverse effect on the Registrant's consolidated
         financial position or results of operations.


                                      F-26

<PAGE>
                                                                    SCHEDULE II


                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                         ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                            Write-offs
                                                                                                              Net of
                                                                                                            Recoveries
                                                                         Balance           Charged          of Accounts      Balance
                                                                           at                to             Previously         at
                                                                        Beginning         Costs and          Written         End of
                                                                        of Period         Expenses             Off           Period
                                                                      --------------    --------------    ---------------   --------
<S>                                                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>     
Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable:
     Year ended December 31, 1994                                        $285,545         $382,000         $      0         $667,545

     Year ended December 31, 1993                                         241,000           44,545                0          285,545

     Year ended December 31, 1992                                         228,000           13,000                0          241,000

</TABLE>








           The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
                    are an integral part of these schedules.

                                      F-27


<PAGE>
                     UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES        SCHEDULE III
           REAL PROPERTY HELD FOR RENTAL AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                           Costs
                                                           Mortgage              Initial Cost To Registrant             Capitalized
                                                            Loans             ---------------------------------        Subsequent to
                                                           Payable                                 Building and         Acquisition/
                 DESCRIPTION                               (Gross)              Land               Improvements         Improvements
                 -----------                             ------------         ------------         ------------         ------------
<S>                                                      <C>                  <C>                  <C>                  <C>         
Shopping Centers and Retail Outlets-
   Culver, CA                                            $  5,662,369         $    841,811         $  7,576,296         $          0
   Northbrook, IL                                           6,138,104              897,246            8,075,215                    0
   Miscellaneous Investments                               31,997,356            6,250,592           55,575,449              764,864
                                                         ------------         ------------         ------------         ------------
                                                           43,797,829            7,989,649           71,226,960              764,864
                                                         ------------         ------------         ------------         ------------
Commercial Properties-
   Miscellaneous Investments                                5,443,595            2,491,993           26,216,525                    0
Day Care Centers and Offices-
   Miscellaneous Investments                                1,054,785              642,895            5,786,058            1,128,993
Hotel Properties-
   Miscellaneous Investments                                  416,403                    0            2,867,703                    0
Other-
   Miscellaneous Investments                                  194,290            1,120,199            6,381,814               22,685
                                                         ------------         ------------         ------------         ------------
                                                         $ 50,906,902         $ 12,244,736         $112,479,060         $  1,916,542
                                                         ============         ============         ============         ============
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                      Life on Which
                                                                                                                      Depreciation
                                                 Gross Amount at Which                                                 in Latest
                                               Carried at Close of Period                                             Statment of
                                          ------------------------------------   Accumulated                           Income is
                                                     Building and     Total      Depreciation    Date of       Date    Computed
                 DESCRIPTION              Land       Improvements    (a) (c)         (b)       Construction  Acquired   (Years)
                 -----------            -----------  ------------ ------------  -----------    ------------  -------- -------------
<S>                                     <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>         <C>
Shopping Centers and Retail Outlets-
Culver, CA                              $  841,811   $  7,576,296  $  8,418,107  $ 3,390,352     N/A         1986        18
Northbrook, IL                             897,246      8,075,215     8,972,461    3,443,051     N/A         1987        18
Miscellaneous Investments                6,250,592     56,340,313    62,590,905   24,677,894     N/A         1986-94     10-39
                                       -----------   ------------   -----------   ----------
                                         7,989,649     71,991,824    79,981,473   31,511,297
                                       -----------   ------------   -----------   ----------
Commercial Properties-
   Miscellaneous Investments             2,491,993     26,216,525    28,708,518   11,916,543     N/A         1986-94     12-29
Day Care Centers and Offices-
   Miscellaneous Investments               642,895      6,915,051     7,557,946    4,957,250     N/A         1986-91     7-39
Hotel Properties-
   Miscellaneous Investments                     0      2,867,703     2,867,703    2,349,800     N/A         1986-87     10
Other-
   Miscellaneous Investments             1,120,199      6,404,499     7,524,698      834,148     N/A         1986-94     10-39
                                       -----------   ------------   ------------   ---------
                                       $12,244,736   $114,395,602  $126,640,338  $51,569,038
                                       ===========   ============  ============  ===========
</TABLE>
Notes:
(a)    Reconciliations of the carrying value of real property held for rental
       for the three years ended December 31, 1994 are as follows-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     1994                1993                1992
                                                                                ------------        ------------        ------------
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>                 <C>         
Real property held for rental at beginning of period                            $119,650,430        $119,778,000        $119,059,092
Additions during the period-
   Acquisitions and improvements                                                   6,643,880             750,000           2,070,468
   Transfers from property, plant and equipment                                    1,420,927                   0                   0
                                                                                ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                                 127,715,237         120,528,000         121,129,560
Deductions during period-
   Cost of real estate sold                                                        1,074,899             877,570           1,351,560
                                                                                ------------        ------------        ------------
                                                                                $126,640,338        $119,650,430        $119,778,000
                                                                                ============        ============        ============
</TABLE>
(b)    Reconciliations of accumulated depreciation for the three years ended 
       December 31, 1994 are as follows-
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  1994                 1993                 1992
                                                                               -----------          -----------          -----------
<S>                                                                            <C>                  <C>                  <C>        
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of period                                $45,257,746          $38,942,798          $32,587,172
Additions during the period-
   Provision for depreciation                                                    6,660,537            6,626,079            6,715,064
   Transfers from property, plant and equipment                                    134,065                    0                    0
                                                                               -----------          -----------          -----------
                                                                                52,052,348           45,568,877           39,302,236
Deductions during period-
   Accumulated depreciation of real estate sold                                    483,310              311,131              359,438
                                                                               -----------          -----------          -----------
                                                                               $51,569,038          $45,257,746          $38,942,798
                                                                               ===========          ===========          ===========
</TABLE>
(c)     The aggregate cost for Federal income tax purposes is approximately
        $182,860,000.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these schedules.

                                      F-28
<PAGE>
                                                                    SCHEDULE IV
                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                          MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE

                                DECEMBER 31, 1994
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         DESCRIPTION                     INTEREST RATE           FINAL MATURITY DATE     PERIODIC PAYMENT TERMS
                         -----------                     -------------           -------------------     ----------------------

<S>                                                <C>                           <C>                 <C>
Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale   10.25% through October 1998;  November 2001       Principal and interest due 
   of hotel property in Montgomery, Alabama        11% thereafter                                    monthly; in addition, principal
                                                                                                     payments of $25,000 are due in
                                                                                                     March 1993 and September 1994
                                                                                                     and $150,000 is due in November
                                                                                                     1998

Mortgage note receivable in connection with        8% through January 1993;      February 2002       Principal and interest due 
   sale of hotel property in Beaumont, Texas       9% through January 1994;                          monthly; in addition principal 
                                                   10% through January 2000;                         payments of $50,000 are due in 
                                                   11% thereafter                                    February 1993 and $773,000
                                                                                                     at maturity

Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale   10%                           August 1, 2000      Principal and interest due
   of land and building in Waterbury, Connecticut                                                    monthly

Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale   9%                            December 31, 2008   Principal and interest due
   of land and building in Augusta, Georgia                                                          monthly
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               Principal Amount 
                                                                                                                 Loans Subject  
                                                                                            Carrying             to Delinquent  
                                                          Prior      Face Amount            Amount of           Principal or   
                         DESCRIPTION                      Liens      of Mortgages           Mortgages (b)          Interest     
                         -----------                      -----      ------------           ------------       -----------------
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
<S>                                                        <C>         <C>                   <C>                      <C>       
Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale           $0          $610,000              $242,588                 $0        
   of hotel property in Montgomery, Alabama                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
Mortgage note receivable in connection with                 0           900,000               374,457                  0         
   sale of hotel property in Beaumont, Texas                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale            0           325,000                92,677                  0
   of land and building in Waterbury, Connecticut

Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale            0            45,000                13,191                  0
   of land and building in Augusta, Georgia                --        ----------              --------                 --
                                                           $0        $1,880,000              $722,913 (a)(c)          $0
                                                           ==        ==========              ========                 ==


</TABLE>

NOTES:

(a)    A reconciliation of mortgage loans on real estate for the year ended 
       December 31, 1994 is as follows-

         Balance at beginning of period                      $ 908,509
         Additions during period-
           New mortgage loans                                        0
         Deductions during period-
           Collection of principal                            (185,596)
                                                             ---------

         Balance at end of period                            $ 722,913
                                                             =========

(b)    In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles the gains
       from the sale of these properties are being recognized under the
       installment method and, accordingly, notes receivable have been reduced
       by the following deferred gains at December 31, 1994:

       Mortgage note receivable in connection with sale of property in-

         Montgomery, Alabama                                   $265,575
         Beaumont, Texas                                        458,221
         Waterbury, Connecticut                                 186,536
         Augusta, Georgia                                        30,491
                                                               --------

                                                               $940,823
                                                               ========

(c)    The carrying value for Federal income tax purposes is substantially equal
       to the carrying amount for book purposes.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part
of these schedules.

                                      F-29
<PAGE>
                      UNITED CAPITAL CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES


                            QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

                                   (UNAUDITED)

                  (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          First       Second         Third        Fourth
                                                                         Quarter      Quarter       Quarter       Quarter
                                                                         -------      -------       -------       -------
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
         FOR THE YEAR 1994:
            Revenues                                                    $ 21,356      $ 30,061      $ 29,128      $ 26,343
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Costs and expenses                                          $ 19,113      $ 28,185      $ 28,296      $ 27,528
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Other income (expenses)                                     $    285      $    514      $  1,210      ($   191)
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Net income                                                  $  1,442      $  1,410      $  1,132      ($ 1,051)
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Per share data:
              Net income                                                $    .23      $    .23      $    .18      ($   .17)
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

         FOR THE YEAR 1993:
            Revenues                                                    $ 17,832      $ 17,194      $ 16,838      $ 17,692
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Costs and expenses                                          $ 16,513      $ 16,188      $ 16,097      $ 17,018
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Other income (expense)                                      $    312      $  1,021      $  1,567      $    772
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

            Income before cumulative effect of change
              in accounting principle                                   $    970      $  1,228      $  1,328      $    841
            Cumulative effect of change in accounting
              principle                                                      702             0             0             0
                                                                        --------      --------      --------      --------

            Net income                                                  $  1,672      $  1,228      $  1,328      $    841
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========

         Per share data:
            Income before cumulative effect of change
              in accounting principle                                   $    .16      $    .20      $    .21      $    .14
            Cumulative effect of change in accounting
              principle                                                      .11             0             0             0
                                                                        --------      --------      --------      --------

            Net income                                                  $    .27      $    .20      $    .21      $    .14
                                                                        ========      ========      ========      ========
</TABLE>
                                      F-30
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT
<TEXT>

                               ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS




As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
report dated March 22, 1995, included in this Form 10-K, into the Company's
previously filed Registration Statements, File Numbers 33-28045 and 33-65140.



                                                     ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP



Roseland, New Jersey
March 30, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

                              UNITED CAPITAL CORP.
                               111 GREAT NECK ROAD
                              GREAT NECK, NY 11021
                              LIST OF CORPORATIONS


140 CORP.                              HJM CORP.
147 CORP.                              HJR CORP.
150 CORP.                              HJSC CORP.
1690 LEXINGTON CORP.                   HJSP CORP.
2911 CORP.                             HORIZON CORP.
47 BOUNDARY CORP.                      HR-TWENTY CORP.
521 WEST 146 CORP.                     IVES CORP.
627 SECOND CORP.                       JKM CORP.
629 SECOND CORP                        KENTILE, INC.
747 MIDDLENECK CORP.                   KINGS COUNTY CORP.
860 FRANKLIN ASSOCIATES, INC.          LC CORP.
9 PARK PLACE CORP.                     LAND & LEASE CORP.
95 PERRY CORP.                         MADISON CORP.
AFP FINANCIAL CORP.                    MELANCON CORP.
AFP REALTY CORP.                       METEX EXPORT CORP.
AFP TRANSFORMERS, INC.                 METEX INTERNATIONAL SALES CORP.
AFP TECHNOLOGIES, INC.                 METEX LIQUIDATION CO., INC.
AKM CORP.                              METEX CORPORATION
ALBA CORP.                             METEX EUROPEAN SALES CORP.
ATWILL CORPORATION                     METROMATIC PARTNERS INC.
AVALON CORP.                           METROPOLITAN MANAGEMENT SERVICES,  INC.
BEEKMAN CORP.                          NEMO ACQUISITION CORP.
BELMONT CORP.                          NORTHBROOK CORP.
BKM CORP.                              NORTHWOOD CORP.
BPI CORP.                              PDK CORP.
BROADWAY CORP.                         PINE EQUITIES CORP.
BUSCH REALTY CORP.                     PROSPECT CENTER CORP.
C.P. MANUFACTURING, INC.               RBS REALTY CORP.
CAMBRELENG CORP.                       SCHULLER CORP.
CEDAR ENTERPRISES CORP.                SECOND CEW PROPERTIES, INC.
CEW PROPERTIES, INC.                   SIXTH CLEETHORPS PROPERTIES, INC.
CLEETHORPES, PROPERTIES, INC.          SUNRISE EQUITIES CORP.
COLUMBIA CONTRACT CONSULTANTS, INC.    SUTTON REALTY CORP.
CORTLAND ENTERPRISES CORP.             THIRD CEW PROPERTIES, INC.
CULVER CORP.                           TOLEDO CORP.
D&M ANTENNAS, INC.                     TOWN REALTY CORP.
D&M/CHU TECHNOLOGY, INC.               TRI-MART CORP.
DALLAS ENTERPRISE CORP.                TWENTY-M CORP.
DEL-METEX CORPORATION                  TWIN CORP.
DIESEL CORP.                           TWIN II REALTY CORP.
DORNE & MARGOLIN, INC.                 VARIOUS EQUITIES CORP.
DYNAPORT ELECTRONICS, INC.             WAVERLY CORP.
EASTSIDE CORP.                         WELLFORD CORP.
EBMO CORP.                             WEST 145 CORP.
EKM CORP.
EROICA CORP.
FERN CORP.
FRANKLIN 850 CORP.
GENH CORP.
GREENVALE ENTERPRISES CORP.
HADLEY CORP.
HHKM CORP.
HJA REALTY CORP.
HJB CORP.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>1988 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED
<TEXT>

                        1988 INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN
                   METROPOLITAN CONSOLIDATED INDUSTRIES, INC.

          This is a Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") of Metropolitan  Consolidated
Industries,  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation  (the  "Corporation"),  under  which
options  may  be  granted  from  time  to  time  to  eligible  employees  of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiary  corporations  to purchase shares of common
stock of the Corporation,  par value $.10 per share, subject to the limitations,
provisions and requirements hereinafter stated.

          The Plan is as follows:

1.        PURPOSE OF PLAN

          The  general  purpose  of  the  Plan  is to  aid  in  maintaining  and
developing  a  management   capable  of  assuring  the  future  success  of  the
Corporation. The Plan is designed to aid the Corporation and its subsidiaries in
retaining  the services of executives  and key  employees and in attracting  new
management personnel; to offer such personnel additional incentives to put forth
maximum   efforts  for  the  success  of  the  business;   and  to  afford  them
opportunities to obtain or increase a proprietary interest in the Corporation on
a favorable basis and, thereby, to have an opportunity to share in its success.

          Furthermore,  the Plan will enable the Corporation to grant "incentive
stock  options" as provided in Section 422A of the Internal  Revenue of 1986, as
amended,  in substitution  for "incentive stock options"  previously  granted by
Metex Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Metex"), which corporation will be a
wholly-owned  subsidiary of the Corporation  upon  consummation of the merger of
Metex  with  and into MTX  Merger  Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation  and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, pursuant to the terms and provisions
of an Amended and Restated  Agreement  and Plan of  Reorganization,  dated as of
November 3, 1988 and amended on January 24, 1989. The substituted  options to be
granted  by the  Corporation  shall be  substantially  similar  to, but not more
favorable  than, the terms of the options  previously  granted by Metex,  to the
extent practicable.

2.        AUTHORITY TO GRANT OPTIONS

          The Board of Directors,  or a stock option committee  (hereinafter the
"Committee")  designated by it, may from time to time, in its discretion,  grant
to  eligible  employees,  options  (hereinafter  the  "Options")  to purchase an
aggregate  number not to exceed  325,000 shares of Common Stock ($.10 par value)
of the Corporation  (hereinafter  the "Stock"),  on the terms and subject to the
conditions  hereinafter  provided.  The stock shall

<PAGE>

be made from  authorized and unissued Stock or from Stock issued and held in the
Treasury of the  Corporation,  as shall be determined by the Board of Directors.
Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  the  1988  Plan  to the  contrary,  no
recipient  of options  may be granted  options to  purchase  in excess of ninety
percent of the maximum  number of shares of stock  authorized to be issued under
the 1988 Plan.

3.        ADMINISTRATION

          This Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors or, at their
discretion,  by a  Committee  consisting  of not less than three  members of the
Board of Directors,  a majority of whom shall not be eligible to  participate in
the  Plan.  Decisions  and  designations  of the  Committee  shall  be made by a
majority of its members.  Subject to the  provisions of this Plan,  the Board of
Directors  or the  Committee,  as the case may be,  shall  have  full  power and
authority  to  construe,   interpret  and  administer  this  Plan  and  to  make
determinations  which shall be final,  conclusive  and binding upon all persons,
including, without limitation, the Corporation, the stockholders,  the directors
(if the Committee shall act) and any Option Holder, as hereinafter defined, and,
by a resolution  or  resolutions  providing for the creation and issuance of any
Option,  to fix the terms upon which,  the time or times at or within which, and
the price or prices at which  any Stock may be  purchased  from the  Corporation
upon the exercise of such Option, which terms, time or times and price or prices
shall,  in  every  case,  be set  forth  or  incorporated  by  reference  in the
instrument or instruments evidencing such Option.

4.        ELIGIBILITY

          Full-time  employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries  shall be
eligible to participate in this Plan and receive Options and will hereinafter be
referred to as "Eligible Employees".

5.        ALLOTMENT OF STOCK

          Options  may  be  allotted  to  such  Eligible  Employees   (sometimes
individually  referred  to as an "Option  Holder"  and  collectively  as "Option
Holders"),  and in such amounts, as the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as
the case may be, in its discretion, may from time to time determine.

6.        TERM OF PLAN

          No Option  shall be granted or  modified  pursuant  to this Plan after
December 31, 1998,  but the  expiration of the Options  theretofore  granted may
extend beyond that date.


                                       -2-

<PAGE>


7.        TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS

          Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, all Options  granted
under this Plan shall be in such form and upon such terms and  conditions as the
Board of Directors or the Committee, as the case may be, in its discretion,  may
from time to time determine, except that:

                           (a)  Option  Price - The  Option  price  per share of
                  Stock with respect to each Option shall be  determined  by the
                  Board of  Directors or the  Committee,  as the case may be, on
                  the date the Option is granted;  provided,  however, that such
                  price shall not be less than the fair market  value of a share
                  of Stock on the date of grant;  and  provided,  further,  that
                  such  price  shall not be less  than  110% of the fair  market
                  value of a share of Stock on the date of grant for an employee
                  who,  such  date,  is the  owner of more than 10% of the total
                  combined   voting  power  of  all  classes  of  stock  of  the
                  Corporation.

                           (b) Period of Option - In no event  (including  those
                  specified in paragraphs (f) and (g) hereof),  shall the period
                  of an Option  exceed ten (10) years from the date on which the
                  Option is granted.

                           (c)  Payment - Payment for all Stock shall be made in
                  cash at the  time  that an  Option,  or any part  thereof,  is
                  exercised,  and no Stock  shall be issued  until full  payment
                  therefor has been made.

                           (d) Exercise of Option - An Option Holder must remain
                  in the continuous  employ of the Corporation or any subsidiary
                  of the Corporation for one (1) year from the date on which the
                  Option  is  granted  before  he may  exercise  any part of the
                  Option;  thereafter  and  during the life of the  Option,  the
                  Option may be exercised as follows:

                                    (i)  After   one  (1)  year  of   continuous
                           employment  from  the  date on which  the  Option  is
                           granted,  not exceeding  one-third (1/3) of the Stock
                           subject to the Option;

                                    (ii)  After  two  (2)  years  of  continuous
                           employment  from  the  date on which  the  Option  is
                           granted,  not exceeding one-third (1/3) of the shares
                           subject to the Option,  plus any Stock not  purchased
                           under (i);

                                    (iii)  After  three (3) years of  continuous
                           employment from the date on which the Option is

                                       -3-

<PAGE>



                           granted,  not exceeding  one-third (1/3) of the Stock
                           subject to the Option,  plus any shares not purchased
                           under (i) and (ii).

                           At  the   expiration  of  the  third  (3rd)  year  of
                  continuous  employment  from the date on which  the  Option is
                  granted, the Option may be exercised at any time and from time
                  to time within its terms in whole or in part, but it shall not
                  be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the
                  date on which it was granted.

                           (e) Non-Transferability of Options - During an Option
                  Holder's lifetime, an Option shall be exercisable only by him.
                  An Option  shall not be  transferable  except for  exercise as
                  provided in paragraph (g) hereof.

                           (f)  Termination  of Employment - In the event of the
                  termination of an Option  Holder's  employment (for any reason
                  other than death or discharge for cause) any Option granted to
                  him  or  unexercised   portion  thereof  which  was  otherwise
                  exercisable  on the date of  termination  of employment  shall
                  terminate   unless,   such  Option  to  the  extent  otherwise
                  exercisable,  is exercised within thirty (30) days of the date
                  on which he ceases to be an employee,  provided  such time may
                  be extended by the Board of Directors or the Committee, as the
                  case may be, to a date no later than the date of expiration of
                  the Option. If an Option Holder's employment is terminated for
                  cause,  as  determined  by  the  Board  of  Directors  or  the
                  Committee,  as the  case may be,  any  Option  or  unexercised
                  portion  thereof  granted to him shall  terminate and be of no
                  further force and effect from the date of discharge.

                           (g)  Death of  Option  Holder - Upon the  death of an
                  Option Holder,  any Option  granted to him or the  unexercised
                  portion thereof,  which was otherwise  exercisable on his date
                  of death,  shall  terminate  unless  such Option to the extent
                  exercisable is exercised by the executor or  administrator  of
                  his  estate,  within six  months  after the date of his death,
                  provided  such time may be extended by the Board of  Directors
                  or the Committee,  as the case may be, to a date no later than
                  the date of the expiration of the Option.

                           (h)   Restriction   on   Issuance   of  Stock  -  The
                  Corporation  shall be  obligated  to sell and  issue the Stock
                  pursuant  to  any  Option   granted  under  the  Plan  and  in
                  accordance  with the terms  thereof  but not  before the Stock
                  with respect to which the Option is being

                                       -4-

<PAGE>



                  exercised   is   effectively   registered   or   exempt   from
                  registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  in
                  the  opinion of counsel for the  Corporation  and the Stock is
                  listed on any exchange upon which it is traded.

                           (i) Rights as a Stockholder - The Option Holder shall
                  have no  rights as a  stockholder  with  respect  to any Stock
                  covered by his Option  until the date of  issuance  of a stock
                  certificate to him for such Stock.

                           (j) Time of Granting an Option - Nothing contained in
                  the  Plan  shall   constitute   the  granting  of  any  Option
                  hereunder.  An Option  shall be  granted  only  pursuant  to a
                  resolution of the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the
                  case may be, and shall not be  effective  until there has been
                  executed by both the  Corporation  and the  optionee an Option
                  Agreement  in such form as shall be  required  by the Board of
                  Directors or the Committee, as the case may be.

                           (k)  Miscellaneous  - The Board of  Directors  or the
                  Committee,  as the case may be, may require, as a condition to
                  the sale of  Stock on the  exercise  of any  Option,  that the
                  person  exercising  such  Option  give  to  the  Company  such
                  documents,     including    such    appropriate     investment
                  representations   as  may  be  required  by  counsel  for  the
                  Corporation,  and such representations,  additional agreements
                  and documents as the Board of Directors or the  Committee,  as
                  the case may be, shall determine to be in the best interest of
                  the Corporation.

8.        ADJUSTMENT IN EVENT OF RECAPITALIZATION

                           (a) If the  outstanding  shares  of the  Stock of the
                  Corporation   are  increased,   decreased,   changed  into  or
                  exchanged  for  a  different   number  or  kind  of  stock  or
                  securities  of the  Corporation  or stock of a  different  par
                  value  or   without   par   value,   through   reorganization,
                  recapitalization,   reclassification,  stock  dividend,  stock
                  split,   amendment  to  the   Corporation's   Certificate   of
                  Incorporation  or reverse  stock  split,  an  appropriate  and
                  proportionate  adjustment  shall be made in the maximum number
                  and/or kind of securities allocated to the Options theretofore
                  and thereafter  granted under the Plan,  without change in the
                  aggregate purchase price applicable to the unexercised portion
                  of the outstanding options but with a corresponding adjustment
                  in the  price  for each  share  of Stock or other  unit of any
                  security covered by the Options.


                                       -5-

<PAGE>



                           (b) Upon the  effective  date of the  dissolution  or
                  liquidation of the Corporation, or of a reorganization, merger
                  or   consolidation   of  the  Corporation  with  one  or  more
                  corporations  in which the  Corporation  is not the  surviving
                  corporation,  or  of  a  transfer  of  substantially  all  the
                  property or more than eighty  percent of the then  outstanding
                  shares of the Stock of the Corporation to another corporation,
                  the Plan and any Option  theretofore  granted  hereunder shall
                  terminate  unless  provision be made in writing in  connection
                  with such  transaction for the continuance of the Plan and for
                  the  assumption  of  Options   theretofore   granted,  or  the
                  substitution  for such  Options of new  options  covering  the
                  shares of a  successor  employer  corporation,  or a parent or
                  subsidiary thereof, with appropriate  adjustments as to number
                  and kind of stock and  prices in which  event the Plan and the
                  Options  theretofore  granted or the new  options  substituted
                  therefor,  shall continue in the manner and under the terms so
                  provided.  In the  event  of  such  dissolution,  liquidation,
                  reorganization,  merger, consolidation,  transfer of assets or
                  transfer  of  Stock,  and if  provision  is not  made  in such
                  transaction  for  the  continuance  of the  Plan  and  for the
                  assumption of Options  theretofore granted or the substitution
                  for such  Options  of new  Options  covering  the  shares of a
                  successor  employer  corporation  or a  parent  or  subsidiary
                  thereof,  then each  Option  Holder  under  the Plan  shall be
                  entitled, prior to the effective date of any such transaction,
                  to  purchase  the full  number of  shares  of Stock  under his
                  Option which he would otherwise have been entitled to purchase
                  during the remaining term of such Option.

                           (c)  Adjustments  under this Section shall be made by
                  the Board of Directors,  whose  determination as to what shall
                  be made, and the extent thereof,  shall be final,  binding and
                  conclusive.  No  fractional  shares  of Stock  shall be issued
                  under the Plan or any such adjustment.

9.        REALLOCATION OF LAPSED OPTIONS

          Stock covered by Options which have lapsed may be  reallocated  by the
Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, at any time during the
term of the Plan.

10.       GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS

          This Plan, and the grant and exercise of Options  hereunder,  shall be
subject  to  all  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  government  or  other
authorities.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>



11.       DISCONTINUANCE OR AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND
          MODIFICATION OF OPTIONS

          The Board of Directors  of the  Corporation  may  suspend,  terminate,
modify or amend the Plan,  provided that any amendment  that would  increase the
aggregate  number of  shares  which  may be  issued  under the Plan;  materially
increase the benefits  accruing to  participants  under the Plan;  or materially
modify the  requirements as to eligibility for  participation in the Plan; shall
be subject to the approval of the  Corporation's  stockholders,  except that any
such increase or  modification  that may result from  adjustments  authorized by
paragraph  8  does  not  require  such  approval.  No  suspension,  termination,
modification  or amendment of the Plan may,  without the consent of the employee
to whom an option shall theretofore have been granted, affect the rights of such
employee under such option.

12.       EMPLOYMENT

          Nothing  in the Plan or in any option  agreement  under the Plan shall
confer on any employee any right to continue in the employ of the Corporation or
effect in any way the right of the  Corporation  to terminate his  employment at
any time.

13.       EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN

          The Plan shall  become  effective  on January  1,1989,  provided it is
approved  by the  stockholders  of the  Corporation,  within a period  of not to
exceed twelve (12) months from the latter date.

                                       -7-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>1988 JOINT STOCK OPTION PLAN, AS AMENDED
<TEXT>

                            1988 JOINT INCENTIVE AND
                         NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLAN
                  OF METROPOLITAN CONSOLIDATED INDUSTRIES, INC.

1.        PURPOSE

          The  Corporation  desires  to attract  and  retain the best  available
employee talent and encourage the highest level of employee performance in order
to continue to serve the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders.
By affording key employees the opportunity to acquire  proprietary  interests in
the  Corporation  and by providing them  incentives to put forth maximum efforts
for the success of the  business,  the 1988 Joint  Incentive  and  Non-Qualified
Stock Option Plan (the "1988 Plan") is expected to contribute to the  attainment
of those objectives.

          Furthermore,  the 1988  Plan  will  enable  the  Corporation  to grant
"incentive stock options" as provided in Section 422A of the Internal Revenue of
1986,  as  amended,  and  "non-qualified  stock  options"  in  substitution  for
"incentive  stock  options" and  "non-qualified  stock  options",  respectively,
previously granted by Metex Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Metex"), which
corporation   will  be  a  wholly-owned   subsidiary  of  the  Corporation  upon
consummation  of the  merger of Metex with and into MTX  Merger  Corporation,  a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation,  pursuant
to the terms and  provisions  of an Amended and Restated  Agreement  and Plan of
Reorganization, dated as of November 3, 1988 and amended on January 24,1989. The
substituted  options  to be granted by the  Corporation  shall be  substantially
similar to, but not more  favorable  than,  the terms of the options  previously
granted by Metex, to the extent practicable.

2.       Scope and Duration

          Options  under the 1988 Plan may be granted  in the form of  incentive
stock  options  ("incentive  stock  options") as provided in Section 422A of the
Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as  amended  (the  "Code"),  or in the form of
nonqualified   stock  options   ("nonqualified   options").   (Unless  otherwise
indicated,  references  in the 1988 Plan to "options"  include  incentive  stock
options and nonqualified  options). The maximum aggregate number of shares as to
which  options  may be granted  from time to time under the 1988 Plan is 325,000
shares of Common Stock of the Corporation ("Common Stock"), which shares may be,
in whole or in part,  authorized but unissued shares or shares reacquired by the
Corporation.  If  an  option  shall  expire,  terminate  or be  surrendered  for
cancellation  for any reason  without  having been exercised in full, the shares
represented by the option or portion  thereof not so exercised shall (unless the
1988 Plan shall have been  terminated)  become  available for subsequent  option
grants  under the 1988 Plan.  As provided in  paragraph  14,


<PAGE>


the 1988 Plan shall become  effective on January 1, 1989, and unless  terminated
sooner  pursuant to paragraph 15, the 1988 Plan shall  terminate on December 31,
1998, and no option shall be granted  hereunder after the date.  Notwithstanding
anything contained in the 1988 Plan to the contrary, no recipient of options may
be granted options to purchase in excess of ninety percent of the maximum number
of shares of stock authorized to be issued under the 1988 Plan.

3.        ADMINISTRATION

          The 1988 Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors, or by a
committee  which is appointed by the Board of Directors to perform such function
(the "Committee"). The Committee shall consist of not less than three members of
the Board of Directors,  none of whom shall be employees of the  Corporation who
are or who  shall  have  been for at least  one year  prior to such  appointment
eligible to participate in the 1988 Plan or any similar plan of the Corporation.
The Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, shall have plenary
authority in its discretion,  subject to and not  inconsistent  with the express
provisions of the 1988 Plan, to grant  options,  to determine the purchase price
of the  Common  Stock  covered  by each  option,  the term of each  option,  the
employees to whom, and the time or times at which,  options shall be granted and
the number of shares to be  covered  by each  option;  to  designate  options as
incentive stock options or nonqualified  options; to interpret the 1988 Plan; to
prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 1988 Plan; to
determine the terms and provisions of the option  agreements  (which need not be
identical)  entered into in connection  with options under the 1988 Plan; and to
make  all  other   determinations   deemed   necessary  or  advisable   for  the
administration of the 1988 Plan. The Board of Directors or the Committee, as the
case may be, may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more agents
such administrative duties as it may deem advisable,  and the Board of Directors
or the  Committee,  as the case may be, or any  person to whom it has  delegated
duties as aforesaid may employ one or more persons to render advice with respect
to any responsibility  the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may
be, or such person may have under the 1988 Plan.

4.        ELIGIBILITY; FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED IN GRANTING
          OPTIONS

          Incentive  stock  options  shall be limited to persons who are regular
full-time employees of the Corporation and its present and future  subsidiaries.
A  director  of the  Corporation  or of a  subsidiary  who is not also a regular
full-time employee shall only be eligible to receive  nonqualified  options.  An
optionee  who has been  granted an option or options  under the 1988 Plan may be
granted an additional option or options, subject, in the case of incentive stock
options,  to such limitations as may be imposed by the Code on such options.  In
determining  the  persons to whom  options  shall be  granted  and the number of
shares to be covered by each option, the Board of Directors or the

                                       -2-

<PAGE>


Committee, as the case may be, shall take into account the nature of such
person's duties, their present and potential contributions to the success of the
Corporation and such other factors as it shall deem relevant in connection with
accomplishing the purposes of the 1988 Plan.

5.        OPTION PRICE

          The purchase price of the Common Stock covered by each option shall be
determined by the Board of Directors or the  Committee,  as the case may be, but
in no event  shall be less than 100% of the Fair  Market  Value (as  defined  in
paragraph  17  below)  of a share of the  Common  Stock on the date on which the
option is  granted.  Such price  shall be subject to  adjustment  as provided in
paragraph 13 below. The Board of Directors or the Committee, as the case may be,
shall determine the date on which an option is granted; in the absence of such a
determination, the date on which the Board of Directors or the Committee, as the
case may be, adopts a resolution granting an option shall be considered the date
on which such option is granted.

6.        TERMS OF OPTIONS

          The term of each option shall be not more than ten years from the date
of grant, as the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, shall
determine,  subject to earlier  termination  as provided in paragraphs 11 and 12
below.

7.        EXERCISE OF OPTIONS

          (a) In no  case  shall  an  option  granted  under  the  1988  Plan be
exercisable  prior to the expiration of the first year of its term.  Thereafter,
subject to the provisions of the 1988 Plan and unless otherwise  provided in the
option agreement, an option granted under the 1988 Plan shall become exercisable
in full at the earliest of the employee's 65th birthday, the employee's death or
the third anniversary of the date of the grant. Prior thereto, each option shall
become  exercisable  in  cumulative  installments  as follows:  to the extent of
33-1/3%  of the  number  of  shares  originally  covered  thereby  on the  first
anniversary  of the  date  of  grant  of the  option;  and to the  extent  of an
additional  33-1/% of the  number of shares  originally  covered  thereby on the
second  anniversary of the date of grant of the option.  In its discretion,  the
Board of  Directors  or the  Committee,  as the case may be, may, in any case or
cases,  prescribe different  installments.  Notwithstanding the installments set
forth above,  the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, may,
in its  sole  discretion,  provide  that  an  option  shall  immediately  become
exercisable in full upon the happening of any of the following  events:  (i) the
first  purchase of shares of Common Stock pursuant to a tender offer or exchange
offer (other than an offer by the Corporation)

                                       -3-

<PAGE>



for all,  or any part of,  the  Common  Stock,  (ii) a change of  control of the
Corporation or (iii) the approval by the  stockholders of the Corporation of any
agreement  for a  merger  in  which  the  Corporation  will  not  survive  as an
independent, publicly owned corporation, a consolidation, or a sale, exchange or
other disposition of all or substantially  all of the  Corporation's  assets. In
the event of a question  or  controversy  as to whether or not any of the events
hereinabove described has taken place, a determination by the Board of Directors
or the  Committee,  as the case may be, that such event has or has not  occurred
shall be conclusive and binding upon the  Corporation  and  participants  in the
1988 Plan.

          (b) An  option  may be  exercised,  at any  time or from  time to time
(subject, in the case of incentive stock options, to such restrictions as may be
imposed  by the Code),  as to any or all full  shares as to which the option has
become exercisable  provided that an option may not be exercised at any one time
as to fewer  than 200 shares (or fewer than the number of shares as to which the
option is then exercisable, if that number is fewer than 200 shares).

          (c) The  purchase  price  of the  shares  as to  which  an  option  is
exercised  shall be paid in full at the time of exercise.  Payment shall be made
in  cash,  which  may be paid by check or  other  instrument  acceptable  to the
Corporation;  in  addition,  subject  to  compliance  with  applicable  laws and
regulations and such  conditions as the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as
the case may be, may impose,  the Board of  Directors or the  Committee,  as the
case may be, in its sole discretion, may on a case by case basis elect to accept
payment in shares of Common Stock of the Corporation  which are already owned by
the option  holder,  valued at the Fair  Market  Value  thereof  (as  defined in
paragraph 17 below) on the date of exercise.  In addition,  any amount necessary
to satisfy applicable federal,  state or local tax requirements shall be paid by
the option holder at the time of exercise of the option.

          (d) Except as provided in paragraphs 11 and 12 below, no option may be
exercised  at any time  unless  the holder  thereof is then a regular  full-time
employee of the Corporation or a subsidiary and unless the employee has remained
in the continuous  employ of the  Corporation,  any of its  subsidiaries  or any
combination thereof for one year from the date of its grant.

          (e) Upon the  exercise of an option or portion  thereof in  accordance
with the 1988 Plan, the option  agreement and such rules and  regulations as may
be established  by the Board of Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be,
the holder  thereof shall have the rights of a  stockholder  with respect to the
shares covered by such option or portion thereof so exercised.

                                       -4-

<PAGE>



8.        SUBSTITUTION OF OPTIONS

          During  the term of the 1988  Plan,  the  Board  of  Directors  or the
Committee,  as the case may be, in its discretion,  may offer one or more option
holders  the  opportunity  to  surrender  any  or  all  unexpired   options  for
cancellation  or replacement.  If any options are so  surrendered,  the Board of
Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, may then grant new nonqualified
or incentive stock options to such holders for the same or different  numbers of
shares at higher or lower exercise prices than the surrendered options. Such new
options may have a different  term and shall be subject to the provisions of the
1988 Plan the same as any other option.

9.        INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS

          (a) The  aggregate  Fair Market  Value,  when granted  (determined  in
accordance  with the  provisions  of paragraph 17 below at the time of grant) of
the Common Stock for which any employee may be granted  incentive  stock options
in any calendar year (under the 1988 Plan and any other plan of the  Corporation
or its  subsidiaries)  and exercisable for the first time by such employee shall
not in any calendar year exceed $100,000.

          (b) The exercise price of any incentive stock option granted hereunder
to an  employee  who, at the time of the grant of such  option,  is the owner of
more than 10% of the total combined  voting power of all classes of stock of the
Corporation may not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of a share of the
Common Stock on the date of the grant.

          (c) In the event of amendments  to the Code or applicable  regulations
relating  to  incentive  stock  options  subsequent  to  the  date  hereof,  the
Corporation  may amend the provisions of the 1988 Plan, and the  Corporation and
the employees holding options may agree to amend outstanding  option agreements,
to conform to such amendments.

10.       NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS

          Options  granted  under  the  1988  Plan  shall  not  be  transferable
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution,  and options may
be exercised during the lifetime of the employee only by the employee.

11.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

          In the event that the  employment of an employee to whom an option has
been  granted  under the 1988 Plan shall be  terminated  (except as set forth in
paragraph 12 below),  such option may be,  subject to the provisions of the 1988
Plan, exercised (to the extent that the employee was entitled to do so

                                       -5-

<PAGE>



at the termination of his employment) at any time within 30 days after such
termination, but not later than the date on which the option terminates;
provided, however, that any option which is held by an employee whose employment
is terminated for cause shall, to the extent not theretofore exercised,
automatically terminate as of the date of termination of employment. Options
granted under the 1988 Plan shall not be affected by any change of duties or
position so long as the holder continues to be a regular full-time employee of
the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries. Any option agreement or any rules
and regulations relating to the 1988 Plan may contain such provisions as the
Board of Directors or the Committee, as the case may be, shall approve with
reference to the determination of the date employment terminates and the effect
of leaves of absence. Nothing in the 1988 Plan or in any option granted pursuant
to the 1988 Plan shall confer upon any employee any right to continue in the
employ of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or interfere in any way
with the right of the Corporation or any such subsidiary to terminate such
employment at any time.

12.       DEATH OF EMPLOYEE

          If an employee to whom an option has been granted  under the 1988 Plan
dies while  employed by the  Corporation or a subsidiary or within 30 days after
termination of such employment  (other than termination for cause),  such option
may be  exercised,  to the extent  exercisable  by the  employee  on the date of
death,  by a legatee or legatees of the employee under the employee's last will,
or by the  employee's  personal  representatives  or  distributees,  at any time
within six months after the date of the employee's  death, but no later than the
date on which the option terminates.

13.       ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION, ETC.

          Any other  provision  of the 1988 Plan  notwithstanding,  the Board of
Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, may at any time make or provide
for such  adjustments  to the 1988  Plan,  to the  number  and  class of  shares
issuable  thereunder or to any outstanding  options as it shall deem appropriate
to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights, including adjustments in the event
of  changes  in the  outstanding  Common  Stock by  reason  of stock  dividends,
split-ups, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations or exchanges
of shares,  separations,  reorganizations,  liquidations,  and the like.  In the
event of any  offer  to  holders  of  Common  Stock  generally  relating  to the
acquisition  of their shares,  the Board of Directors or the  Committee,  as the
case may be,  may make such  adjustments  as it deems  equitable  in  respect of
outstanding  options  and  rights,  including  in  its  discretion  revision  of
outstanding  options  and  rights  so  that  they  may be  exercisable  for  the
consideration payable in the acquisition transaction. Any such determination by

                                       -6-

<PAGE>



the Board of Directors or the Committee, as the case may be, shall be conclusive
and  binding on the  Corporation  and all  participants  in the 1988  Plan.  Any
fractional shares resulting from such adjustments shall be eliminated.

14.       EFFECTIVE DATE

          The 1988 Plan shall become effective on January 1, 1989, provided that
the stockholders of the Corporation shall approve the 1988 Plan. Subject to such
approval,  the 1988 Plan is effective at once.  Options may be granted under the
1988 Plan prior to such  approval,  but each such option shall be subject to the
approval of the 1988 Plan by the  stockholders of the  Corporation.  If the 1988
Plan shall not be so approved,  all options  granted  thereunder  shall be of no
effect.  The date of grant of any option  granted  prior to such approval by the
stockholders shall be determined for all purposes as if the options had not been
subject to such approval;  provided,  however,  no option granted under the 1988
Plan may be exercised prior to the approval of the 1988 Plan by the stockholders
of the Corporation.

15.       TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

          The Board of Directors  of the  Corporation  may  suspend,  terminate,
modify or amend the 1988 Plan,  provided that any amendment  that would increase
the  aggregate  number of  shares  which  may be  issued  under  the 1988  Plan;
materially  increase the benefits accruing to participants  under the 1988 Plan;
or materially modify the requirements as to eligibility for participation in the
1988 Plan; shall be subject to the approval of the  Corporation's  stockholders,
except that any such increase or modification  that may result from  adjustments
authorized  by  paragraph  13 does not require  such  approval.  No  suspension,
termination, modification or amendment of the 1988 Plan may, without the consent
of the employee to whom an option shall  theretofore  have been granted,  affect
the rights of such employee under such option.

16.       EFFECT ON PRIOR OPTION PLANS

          The  adoption of the 1988 Plan shall have no effect on options made or
to  be  made  pursuant  to  stock  option  plans  previously   approved  by  the
stockholders.

17.       MISCELLANEOUS

          As said term is used in the 1988 Plan,  the "Fair  Market  Value" of a
share of Common  Stock on any day  means:  (a) if the  principal  market for the
Common Stock is a national  securities  exchange,  the mean between the high and
low sales prices of the Common Stock on such day as reported by such exchange or
on a

                                       -7-

<PAGE>


consolidated  tape  reflecting  transactions  on  such  exchange,  or (b) if the
principal market for the Common Stock is not a national  securities exchange and
the Common Stock is quoted on the National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers
Automated  Quotations  System,  the mean between the closing bid and the closing
asked prices for the Common  Stock on such day as quoted on such system,  or (c)
if the  principal  market  for the  Common  Stock is not a  national  securities
exchange  and the Common  Stock is not  quoted on the  National  Association  of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotations System, the mean between the highest bid
and lowest  asked  prices for the Common  Stock on such day as  reported  by the
National  Quotation Bureau,  Inc.;  provided that if clauses (a), (b) and (c) of
this paragraph are all inapplicable, or if no trades have been made or no quotes
are  available  for such day, the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock shall be
determined  by the Board of Directors or the  Committee,  as the case may be, by
any method which it deems to be appropriate.  The  determination of the Board of
Directors or the Committee,  as the case may be, shall be conclusive and binding
as to the Fair Market Value of the Common  Stock.  The Board of Directors or the
Committee,  as the case may be, may  require,  as a condition to the exercise of
any options granted under the 1988 Plan, that to the extent required at the time
of exercise,  (i) the shares of Common  Stock  reserved for purposes of the 1988
Plan shall be duly listed,  upon official notice of issuance,  upon the American
Stock  Exchange or such other  stock  exchange(s)  on which the Common  Stock is
listed,  (ii) a  Registration  Statement  under the  Securities  Act of 1933, as
amended, with respect to such shares shall be effective, and/or (iii) the person
exercising  such  option  shall  deliver  to  the  Corporation  such  documents,
agreements and investment and other representations as the Board of Directors or
the Committee,  as the case may be, shall  determine to be in the best interests
of the Corporation.

                                       -8-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>FDS 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>


<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from United 
Capital Corp.'s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994 and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to such Financial Statements and Notes, thereto.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER>                                      1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                           1,657
<SECURITIES>                                       594
<RECEIVABLES>                                   19,662
<ALLOWANCES>                                       668
<INVENTORY>                                     13,115
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                40,724
<PP&E>                                          17,474
<DEPRECIATION>                                   4,977
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 136,341
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           45,918
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                           605
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      32,176
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   136,341
<SALES>                                         84,900
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               106,888
<CGS>                                           66,578
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  103,122
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                (2,819)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               1,001
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  5,585
<INCOME-TAX>                                     2,652
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                              2,933
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     2,933
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .48
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .48
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
