-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CEPXTEZ8c9mHt66eiA8UD1ngFKsNTbAohYYvxbFCXS+3dxaTI2HWthLQ4+q3Bp2H
 vNSbKv+z7ISQFzFDYRg+Sg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950135-95-002490.txt : 19951124
<SEC-HEADER>0000950135-95-002490.hdr.sgml : 19951124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950135-95-002490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19950826
FILED AS OF DATE:		19951122
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIFIRST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000717954
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				042103460
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08504
		FILM NUMBER:		95595734

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 JONSPIN RD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5086588888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		68 JONSPIN ROAD
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERSTATE UNIFORM SERVICES CORP/MA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840410
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>UNIFIRST CORPORATION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    ---------
                                    FORM 10-K

  X    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ---   ACT OF 1934

                    For the fiscal year ended August 26, 1995

                          Commission File Number 1-8504

                              UNIFIRST CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

     Massachusetts                                       04-2103460
(State of Incorporation)                    (IRS Employer Identification Number)

                                 68 Jonspin Road
                         Wilmington, Massachusetts 01887
                    (Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (508) 658-8888

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                        Name of each exchange on
      Title of Class                                    which shares are traded

       Common Stock,
$.10 par value per share                                New York Stock Exchange

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                                        Yes X               No
                                           ---                ---
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definintive proxy or information incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
/X/

     The number of outstanding shares of UniFirst Corporation Common Stock and
Class B Common Stock at November 13, 1995 were 7,886,644 and 12,623,964,
respectively, and the aggregate market value of these shares held by
non-affiliates of the Company on said date was $145,014,202 (based upon the
closing price of the Company's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on
said date and assuming the market value of a share of Class B Common Stock
(which is generally non-transferable, but is convertible at any time into one
share of Common Stock) is identical to the market value of the Common Stock).

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders and the
Company's Proxy Statement for its 1996 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (which
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
the close of the 1995 fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Parts II,
III and IV hereof.


<PAGE>   2

Page 2

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

     UniFirst is a leading company in the garment rental industry. The Company's
services consist principally of renting, cleaning, and delivering a variety of
industrial employment garments on a periodic basis, usually weekly. The Company
also decontaminates and cleans garments which may have been exposed to
radioactive materials. Customer billings are rendered and recorded as revenues
when services are performed.

     The Company's principal business, since its inception, has been the rental
and servicing of industrial employment uniforms and protective clothing (such as
shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, jumpsuits, lab coats, smocks and aprons) as
well as industrial wiper towels, floor mats and other non-garment items. The
Company services its customers by picking up the soiled items on a periodic
basis, usually weekly, and delivering at the same time cleaned and processed
items.

     Through the Company's services, customers are provided with uniforms and
protective work clothing for their employees without the necessity of investing
working capital, which is particularly advantageous to customers whose worker
turnover is high. The Company's centralized services, specialized equipment and
economies of scale generally allow it to be more cost effective in providing
garment services than the customers could be by themselves. In order to better
service its customers, the Company maintains a relatively higher level of
inventory of garments in stock than it believes customary in the industry.
Customers are given a broad selection of styles, colors, sizes, fabrics and
personalized emblems from which to choose. The Company's uniform program is
intended not only to upgrade the image of the customers, but also to improve the
effectiveness, morale, safety and satisfaction of their employees.

     The Company services a wide variety of manufacturers, retailers and service
companies, including automobile dealers and service stations, bakeries,
transportation companies and agricultural processors. Substantially all of the
Company's rental services are provided pursuant to written contracts, primarily
for a term of three years. The Company services over 100,000 customer locations
in 44 states and Canada from 105 service locations and distribution centers. For
fiscal 1993, 1994 and 1995, the Company's garment rental operations produced
approximately 65%, 66% and 67%, respectively, of its revenues, and non-garment
rental items accounted for another 25% of its revenues in each of those years,
with no single customer accounting for more than 1% of total revenues in any
year.


<PAGE>   3

Page 3

     The Company manufactures work pants and shirts for its garment rental
operations in its plants in Luquillo, Puerto Rico, and Cave City, Arkansas,
respectively. These plants produced approximately 49% of all employment garments
which the Company placed in service during fiscal 1995. In 1994, these
manufacturing plant's production level was approximately 43%.

     The Company is also in the specialized business of decontaminating and
cleaning work clothes which may have been exposed to radioactive materials. The
Company's customers in this market include the federal government, research and
development laboratories and utilities operating nuclear reactors. The Company
maintains decontamination facilities at the site of a conventional cleaning
plant in Massachusetts and has specialized facilities exclusively for its
nuclear decontamination operations in Mississippi, New Mexico, California,
Washington, Hawaii, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Illinois
and Iowa.

MARKETING

     The Company markets its services to potential customers through
approximately 245 trained sales representatives whose sole function is to
develop new sales by adding new accounts and who have no direct responsibility
for servicing customer accounts. Potential customers are contacted by telephone
and also through sales appointments. The Company has a separately-staffed
telemarketing program designed to provide broader and more efficient coverage by
screening prospects for the sales representatives.

     The Company believes that customer service is the most important element in
developing and maintaining its market position. As of August 26, 1995, existing
accounts were serviced by approximately 755 route salespersons and 430 service
support people who together are responsible for providing prompt delivery
service and ensuring expeditious handling of customer requirements regarding
billings, adjustments, garment repairs and other matters. The Company's policy
is to resolve all customer inquiries and problems within 24 hours.

     The Company believes that its distinction between sales and service
personnel, which allows the route salespersons to monitor and maximize existing
customer satisfaction while others promote an ongoing new business effort, is an
important part of its competitive strategy.

     Customer service is enhanced by the Company's management information
systems, which provide instantaneous access to information on the customer
employees serviced by the Company. Available data includes the status of
customer orders, inventory availability, shipping information and personal data
regarding individual customer employees, including names, sizes, uniform styles
and colors.


<PAGE>   4

Page 4

     The Company's emphasis on customer service is reflected throughout the
Company's business. The Company believes that ownership of its own manufacturing
facilities increases its ability to control the quality of its garments. The
Company believes its industrial cleaning facilities are among the most modern in
the industry.

     Expansion by the Company into new market areas is achieved through an
acquisition program and internal growth. Internal expansion normally results
from extending sales routes into new market areas and then servicing the new
accounts from one of the Company's existing facilities. Since internal expansion
is thus limited to contiguous areas, the Company also has an acquisition program
to permit it to expand more widely into new market areas. The Company believes
that acquisitions are an effective manner of expanding its customer base and
foresees this avenue as an important source of growth.

COMPETITION

     The markets serviced by the Company are highly competitive. Although the
Company is one of the larger companies engaged in the business of renting and
cleaning employment garments, there are other firms in the industry which are
larger and have greater financial resources than the Company. The principal
methods of competition in the industry are quality of service and price. The
Company believes that its ability to compete effectively is due primarily to the
superior service and support systems which it provides to its customers.

RAW MATERIALS

     The Company obtained through its manufacturing operations approximately 49%
of all garments which it placed in service during fiscal 1995, with other items
and the balance of garments being purchased from a variety of suppliers. The
Company has experienced no significant difficulty in obtaining any of its raw
materials or supplies.

EMPLOYEES

     The Company employs approximately 6,000 persons, about 6% of whom are
represented by unions pursuant to 6 separate collective bargaining agreements.
The Company considers its employee relations to be satisfactory.


<PAGE>   5

Page 5

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     NAME                          AGE                POSITION
     ----                          ---                --------
<S>                                <C>         <C>                     
Aldo A. Croatti                    77          Chairman of the Board

Ronald D. Croatti                  52          Vice Chairman of the Board,
                                               President and Chief Executive
                                               Officer

Robert L. Croatti                  59          Executive Vice President

John B. Bartlett                   54          Senior Vice President and
                                               Chief Financial Officer

Cynthia Croatti Inello             40          Treasurer

Bruce P. Boynton                   47          Vice President,
                                               Canadian Operations

Dennis G. Assad                    50          Vice President,
                                               Sales and Marketing
</TABLE>

Aldo A. Croatti has been Chairman of the Board since the Company's incorporation
in 1950 and of certain of its predecessors since 1940.

Ronald D. Croatti has been Vice Chairman of the Board for more than the past
five years, President since August 31, 1995 and Chief Executive Officer since
September 1, 1991. Prior to becoming President he was CEO for four years, and
prior to becoming CEO he was Chief Operating Officer for more than five years.

Robert L. Croatti has been Executive Vice President for more than the past five
years.

John B. Bartlett has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for
more than the past five years.

Cynthia Croatti Inello has been Treasurer for more than the past five years.

Bruce P. Boynton has been Vice President, Canadian Operations for more than the
past five years.

Dennis G. Assad has been Vice President, Sales and Marketing since August 31,
1995. Prior to that he was a Regional General Manager of the Company for more
than five years.

Ronald D. Croatti, Robert L. Croatti and Cynthia Croatti Inello are a son,
nephew and daughter, respectively, of Aldo A. Croatti.


<PAGE>   6

Page 6

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

     All industrial laundries use and have to dispose of detergent waste water
and/or dry cleaning residues. The Company is aware of the environmental concerns
surrounding the disposal of these materials and has taken steps to avoid their
improper disposal. Although from time to time the Company is subject to
administrative and judicial proceedings involving environmental matters, the
Company does not foresee a material effect on its earnings or competitive
position in connection with such proceedings or its compliance with federal,
state and local provisions regulating the environment. The Company's nuclear
garment decontamination facilities are licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission or, in certain instances, by the applicable state agency.

     The Company and several other unaffiliated parties have been identified by
the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") as having contributed
to the presence of hazardous substances in the ground water in Woburn,
Massachusetts. The Company has not incurred, and does not currently anticipate
incurring, expenses in connection therewith which would have a material adverse
effect on its financial position as a result thereof.


<PAGE>   7

Page 7

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     At August 26, 1995 the Company owned or occupied 119 facilities containing
an aggregate of approximately 2.9 million square feet located in the United
States, Canada and Puerto Rico. The Company owns 70 of these facilities
containing approximately 2.4 million square feet.

     The following chart summarizes certain information with respect to the
principal properties currently owned or leased by the Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         LOCATION                                          APPROXIMATE SQUARE FEET
         --------                                          -----------------------
<S>                                                        <C>
Executive Office & Distribution Center
         Wilmington, MA                                             132,000

Rental Garment Servicing Facilities
         Pittsburgh, PA                                              96,000
         Ontario, CA                                                 90,000
         Springfield, MA                                             68,000
         Washington, DC                                              57,000
         Dallas, TX                                                  55,000
         Nashua, NH                                                  54,000
         Stratford, CT                                               54,000
         Boston, MA                                                  48,000
         Houston, TX                                                 48,000
         Corpus Christi, TX                                          46,000
         Tampa, FL                                                   46,000
         Columbus, OH                                                45,000
         Odessa, TX                                                  45,000
         Richmond, VA                                                45,000
         Portland, ME                                                44,000
         Harlingen, TX                                               42,000
         Toronto, Ontario, Canada                                    41,000
         Buffalo, NY                                                 40,000
         Lubbock, TX                                                 40,000
         Portland, OR                                                40,000
         Tulsa, OK                                                   40,000
         Ocala, FL                                                   38,000
         Los Angeles, CA                                             37,000
         Lebanon, NH                                                 36,000
         Uvalde, TX                                                  36,000
         Charlotte, NC                                               34,000
         Philadelphia, PA                                            34,000
         San Antonio, TX                                             34,000
         Albuquerque, NM                                             33,000
         Amarillo, TX                                                33,000
         Norfolk, VA                                                 33,000
         Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada                         33,000
         Cincinnati, OH                                              32,000
         McAllen, TX                                                 32,000
         Baltimore, MD                                               30,000
         Bangor, ME                                                  30,000
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   8

Page 8

<TABLE>
<S>                                                        <C>
Garment Manufacturing Facilities
         Cave City, AR                                               62,000
         Luquillo, PR                                                44,000

Distribution Center & Emblem Mfg. Facility
         Macon, GA                                                   39,000

Nuclear Garment Decontamination Facilities
         Royersford, PA                                              39,000
         Richland, WA                                                37,000
</TABLE>

     The Company owns all the machinery and equipment used in its operations. In
the opinion of the Company, all of its facilities and its production, cleaning
and decontamination equipment have been well maintained, are in good condition
and are adequate for the Company's present needs.

     The Company owns and leases a fleet of approximately 1,400 delivery vans,
trucks and other vehicles. The Company believes that these vehicles are in good
repair and are adequate for the Company's present needs.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     From time to time the Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims
arising from the conduct of its business operations, including personal injury,
customer contract, employment claims and environmental matters as described in
Item 1 above. The Company maintains insurance coverage providing indemnification
against the majority of such claims and management does not expect that any
material loss to the Company will be sustained as a result thereof.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None


<PAGE>   9

Page 9

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
         MATTERS

     See the section entitled "Common Stock Prices and Dividends Per Share"
which is incorporated herein by reference, as part of the Company's 1995 Annual
Report to Shareholders.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     See the section entitled "Ten Year Financial Summary" which is incorporated
herein by reference, as part of the Company's 1995 Annual Report to
Shareholders.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

     See the section entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" which is incorporated herein by reference,
as part of the Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The financial statements and the accompanying notes, which are incorporated
herein by reference to the Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders, are
indexed herein under Items 14(a)(1) and (2) of Part IV.

ITEM 9.  DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

     Not applicable

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

     Incorporated by reference to the information provided under the caption
"Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 1996 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Incorporated by reference to the information provided under the caption
"Summary Compensation Table" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 1996
Annual Meeting of Shareholders.


<PAGE>   10

Page 10

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Incorporated by reference to the information provided under the captions
"Election of Directors" and "Principal Shareholders" in the Company's Proxy
Statement for its 1996 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Incorporated by reference to the information provided under the caption
"Certain Transactions" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 1996 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a)  The financial statements listed below are filed as part of this
          report:

          1.and 2.  Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules.

     The financial statements and financial statement schedules listed below are
incorporated herein by reference to the Company's 1995 Annual Report to
Shareholders.

Consolidated balance sheets as of August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994

Consolidated statements of income for each of the three years in the period
ended August 26, 1995

Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity for each of the three years in
the period ended August 26, 1995

Consolidated statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended August 26, 1995

Notes to consolidated financial statements

Report of independent public accountants


<PAGE>   11

Page 11

The following additional schedules are filed herewith:

     Report of independent public accountants on supplemental schedule to the
consolidated financial statements.

     Schedule II -

     Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves for each of the three years
in the period ended August 26, 1995.

     Separate financial statements of the Company have been omitted because the
Company is primarily an operating company and all subsidiaries included in the
consolidated financial statements are totally held.

     All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not
present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial
statements or the notes thereto.

     3. Exhibits. The exhibits listed the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed
as part of this report.

     (b) During the three months ended August 26, 1995 the Company did not file
any reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


<PAGE>   12

Page 12

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                            UniFirst Corporation

                                                     By:    Aldo A. Croatti
                                                        ------------------------
                                                            Aldo A. Croatti
                                                            Chairman

Date: November 22, 1995

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          NAME                           TITLE                                        DATE
          ----                           -----                                        ----
<S>                                 <C>                                         <C>
     Aldo A. Croatti                Chairman and Director                       November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
     Aldo A. Croatti

                                    Principal Executive
     Ronald D. Croatti              Officer and Director                        November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
     Ronald D. Croatti

                                    Principal Financial
                                    Officer and Principal
     John B. Bartlett               Accounting Officer                          November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
     John B. Bartlett

  Cynthia Croatti Inello            Director                                    November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
  Cynthia Croatti Inello

     Donald J. Evans                Director                                    November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
     Donald J. Evans

    Reynold L. Hoover               Director                                    November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
    Reynold L. Hoover

      Albert Cohen                  Director                                    November 22, 1995
- ---------------------------
      Albert Cohen
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   13

Page 13

            REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SUPPLEMENTAL
                SCHEDULE TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

To UniFirst Corporation:

     We have audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, and have
issued our report thereon dated October 31, 1995. Our audit was made for the
purpose of forming an opinion on the basic consolidated financial statements
taken as a whole. The supplemental schedule to the consolidated financial
statements listed as Item 14(a)(2) in the Form 10-K is the responsibility of the
Company's management and is presented for purposes of complying with the
Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic
consolidated financial statements. This supplemental schedule has been subjected
to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic consolidated
financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly states, in all material
respects, the financial data required to be set forth therein, in relation to
the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Boston, Massachusetts
October 31, 1995


<PAGE>   14

Page 14 


UNIFIRST CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
SCHEDULE II 
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES FOR EACH 
OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED AUGUST 26, 1995 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Balance,       Charged to        Charges for        Balance, 
                                          Beginning       Costs and       Which Reserves       End of 
        Description                       of Period        Expenses        Were Created        Period 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>              <C>              <C>               <C>    
For the year ended August 26, 1995 
- ----------------------------------
Allowance for
  doubtful accounts                     $   582,000      $ 1,335,000      $(1,183,000)      $   734,000
                                        ===============================================================

For the year ended August 27, 1994
- ----------------------------------
Allowance for
  doubtful accounts                     $   440,000      $ 1,179,000      $(1,037,000)      $   582,000
                                        ===============================================================

For the year ended August 28, 1993
- ----------------------------------
Allowance for
  doubtful accounts                     $   348,000      $ 1,030,000      $  (938,000)      $   440,000
                                        ===============================================================
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   15

Page 15

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

                                   Description

 3-A      Restated Articles of Organization -- incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 3-A to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No.
          2-83051) -- and the Articles of Amendment dated January 12, 1988, a
          copy of which was filed on an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report
          on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended August 27, 1988 -- and the Articles
          of Amendment dated January 21, 1993, a copy of which was filed on an
          exhibit to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for fiscal
          quarter ended February 27, 1993.

 3-B      By-laws -- incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3-B to the Company's
          Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended August 31, 1991.

10-A      UniFirst Corporation Profit Sharing Plan -- incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8
          (number 33-60781).

10-C      Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Loan Agreement covering issuance
          of $15,000,000 9-1/4% Senior Notes -- incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10-F to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal
          year ended August 29, 1987.

13        The Company's 1995 Annual Report to Shareholders (filed herewith to
          the extent expressly incorporated by reference herein).

22        List of subsidiaries of the Company:

               Interstate Nuclear Services Corp.
               Interstate Uniform Manufacturing of Puerto Rico, Inc.
               Superior Products & Equipment Co., Inc.
               UniFirst Canada Ltd.
               Texas Industrial Services, Inc.
               U Two Corporation
               UR Corporation
               Modern Coverall - Uniform Supply, Inc.
               Tennessee Uniform and Towel Service, Inc.

23        Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP

27        Financial Data Schedule


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>1995 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                     Exhibit 13
 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries


Fiscal 1995 Compared with Fiscal 1994 

In 1995 revenues increased $37.0 million or 11.6% over 1994. This increase can
be attributed to acquisitions (2.3%), price increases (1.0%) and growth from
existing operations (8.3%).

Income from operations increased to $34.5 million in 1995 from $32.5 million in
1994. As a percent of revenues, income from operations decreased to 9.7% in 1995
from 10.2% in 1994. The primary reason for the decrease is the impact of higher
uniform merchandise costs, which as a percent of revenues increased .8% over the
prior year. This increase is due to additional new garments placed in service
for new customers as well as higher replacement costs for existing customers.
The Company also experienced comparatively higher expenses in the operation of
its distribution centers and in the corporate-owned life insurance program
costs, offset in part by improvements in employee related costs, primarily
health insurance. Also, depreciation expense as a percent of revenues improved
 .2% compared to the prior year, and the Company's operating margins in Canada
and in the nuclear garment services business showed improvement.

During 1995, net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) was
$2.8 million as compared to $2.5 million in 1994. The increase is attributable
to higher average debt levels during fiscal 1995.

The Company's provision for income taxes was 35.0% in 1995 and 37.0% in 1994.
The decrease is due primarily to the favorable impact of a corporate-owned life
insurance program.


Fiscal 1994 Compared with Fiscal 1993 

In 1994 revenues increased $30.3 million or 10.5% over 1993. This increase can
be attributed to acquisitions (1.3%), price increases (1.0%) and growth from
existing operations (8.2%).

Income from operations increased to $32.5 million in 1994 from $30.7 million in
1993. As a percent of revenues, income from operations decreased to 10.2% in
1994 from 10.7% in 1993. The primary reasons for the decrease were unfavorable
comparative contribution results from the nuclear garment decontamination
business, start-up costs associated with a new emblem image process for our
customers and higher uniform merchandise costs in 1994.

During 1994, net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) was
$2.5 million as compared to $2.7 million in 1993. The decrease is primarily
attributable to lower average interest rates in fiscal 1994.

The Company's provision for income taxes was 37.0% for both years. Although the
rates were the same for both years, in 1994 the favorable impact of a new
corporate-owned life insurance program was offset by higher state income taxes.


                                      1
<PAGE>   2
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries -- (Continued)



Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company's balance sheet continued to strenghten in 1995. Net cash provided
by operating activities was $42.5 million in 1995 and totaled $110.4 million for
the three years ended August 26, 1995. These cash flows were used primarily to
fund $68.5 million in capital expenditures to expand and update Company
facilities. Additionally, $20.7 million was used for debt repayment and $11.8
million for acquisitions during this three year period.

Shareholders' equity as a percent of total capital has increased from 71.1% at
August 29, 1992 to 82.3% at August 26, 1995, indicating the significant
improvement in the overall strength of the Company's balance sheet.

The Company had $5.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as well as a line of
credit to borrow an additional $28.1 million as of August 26, 1995. The Company
believes its ability to generate cash from operations will adequately cover its
foreseeable capital requirements.


Effects of Inflation 

Inflation has had the effect of increasing the reported amounts of the Company's
revenues and costs. The Company uses the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method to
value a significant portion of inventories. This method tends to reduce the
amount of income due to inflation included in the Company's results of
operations. The Company believes that, through increases in its prices and
productivity improvements, it has been able to recover increases in costs and
expenses attributable to inflation.



                                      2
<PAGE>   3
Ten-Year Financial Summary                                                    
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries                                          
(Continued on next page)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal Year Ended August 
(in thousands, except ratios 
and per share amounts)              1995        1994        1993        1992         1991        1990        1989        1988   
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>       
Summary of Operations
Revenues                        $355,041    $318,039    $287,728    $268,190     $250,432    $226,682    $212,731    $196,296  
Income from
 operations, before
 depreciation and
 amortization                     53,725      50,369      47,199      42,010       38,562      38,749      35,768      32,207  
Depreciation and
 amortization                     19,194      17,912      16,454      15,999       14,229      12,422      12,309      12,298  
Income from
 operations                       34,531      32,457      30,745      26,011       24,333      26,327      23,459      19,909  
Interest expense
 (income), net                     2,787       2,513       2,669       4,098        4,320       3,513       4,880       5,965  
Other income                          --          --          --          --           --          --          --          --  
Provision for
 income taxes                     11,110      11,073      10,387       7,570        6,803       8,516       6,968       5,289  
Income before extra-
 ordinary item and
 accounting change                20,634      18,871      17,689      14,343       13,210      14,298      11,611       8,655  
Convertible debt
 retirement                           --          --          --      (2,620)          --          --          --          --  
Accounting change                     --          --          --       1,200           --          --          --          --  
Net income                        20,634      18,871      17,689      12,923       13,210      14,298      11,611       8,655  
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Financial Position at Year End
Total assets                    $272,691    $250,160    $219,064    $212,097     $204,398    $189,411    $172,389    $171,010  
Long-term obligations and
 convertible subordinated debt    36,376      41,602      32,231      47,641       52,032      53,134      53,735      66,476  
Shareholders' equity             168,596     149,472     132,723     117,329      105,888      93,739      80,249      69,127  
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Financial Ratios
Income before extra-
 ordinary item and
 accounting change
 as a % of revenues                  5.8%        5.9%        6.1%        5.3%         5.3%        6.3%        5.5%        4.4% 
Return on average
  shareholders' equity              13.0%       13.4%       14.1%       12.9%        13.2%       16.4%       15.6%       13.3% 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Per Share Data
Weighted average number
 of shares outstanding            20,511      20,506      20,453      20,451       20,426      20,431      20,353      20,168  
Revenues                        $  17.31    $  15.51    $  14.07    $  13.11     $  12.26    $  11.09    $  10.45    $   9.73  
Income from
 operations, before
 depreciation and
 amortization                       2.62        2.46        2.31        2.05         1.89        1.90        1.76        1.60  
Income before extra-
 ordinary item and
 accounting change
  Primary                           1.01        0.92        0.86        0.70         0.65        0.70        0.57        0.43  
  Fully diluted                     1.01        0.92        0.86        0.67         0.63        0.67        0.56        0.43  
Net income
  Primary                           1.01        0.92        0.86        0.63         0.65        0.70        0.57        0.43  
  Fully diluted                     1.01        0.92        0.86        0.61         0.63        0.67        0.56        0.43  
Shareholders' equity                8.22        7.29        6.49        5.74         5.18        4.59        3.94        3.43  
Dividends
 Common stock                        .10         .10         .10         .06          .06         .06         .05         .05  
 Class B common stock                .08         .08         .04          --           --          --          --          --  
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Per share amounts for all years have been restated to reflect a 2 for 1 stock 
split declared by the Board of Directors on November 18, 1993. 


                                      3


<PAGE>   4
Ten-Year Financial Summary (Continued)
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Fiscal Year Ended August      
(in thousands, except ratios  
and per share amounts)                1987        1986         
- ------------------------------------------------------       
<S>                               <C>         <C>            
Summary of Operations                                        
Revenues                          $159,900    $114,235       
Income from                                                  
 operations, before                                          
 depreciation and                                            
 amortization                       28,161      21,425       
Depreciation and                                             
 amortization                       10,494       5,890       
Income from                                                  
 operations                         17,667      15,535       
Interest expense                                             
 (income), net                       4,622         225       
Other income                         1,300          --       
Provision for                                                
 income taxes                        6,530       6,990       
Income before extra-                                         
 ordinary item and                                           
 accounting change                   7,815       8,320       
Convertible debt                                             
 retirement                             --          --       
Accounting change                       --          --       
Net income                           7,815       8,320       
- ------------------------------------------------------       
                                                             
Financial Position at Year End                               
Total assets                      $166,304    $ 97,145       
Long-term obligations and                                    
 convertible subordinated debt      69,505      22,209       
Shareholders' equity                60,681      53,637       
- ------------------------------------------------------       
                                                             
Financial Ratios                                             
Income before extra-                                         
 ordinary item and                                           
 accounting change                                           
 as a % of revenues                    4.9%        7.3%      
Return on average                                            
  shareholders' equity                13.7%       16.6%      
- ------------------------------------------------------       
                                                             
Per Share Data                                               
Weighted average number                                      
 of shares outstanding              20,158      20,158       
Revenues                          $   7.93    $   5.67       
Income from                                                  
 operations, before                                          
 depreciation and                                            
 amortization                         1.40        1.07       
Income before extra-                                         
 ordinary item and                                           
 accounting change                                           
  Primary                             0.39        0.42       
  Fully diluted                       0.39          --       
Net income                                                   
  Primary                             0.39        0.42       
  Fully diluted                       0.39          --       
Shareholders' equity                  3.01        2.66       
Dividends                                                    
 Common stock                          .05         .05       
 Class B common stock                   --          --       
- ------------------------------------------------------ 
</TABLE>

Per share amounts for all years have been restated to reflect a 2 for 1 stock 
split declared by the Board of Directors on November 18, 1993. 


                                      4
<PAGE>   5

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  August 26,          August 27, 
                                                                        1995                1994 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>                 <C>          
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                    $   5,889,000       $   4,120,000
  Receivables, less reserves of $734,000 in 1995
     and $582,000 in 1994                                         33,420,000          30,044,000
  Inventories                                                     16,484,000          15,409,000
  Rental merchandise in service                                   32,731,000          30,577,000
  Prepaid expenses                                                   118,000             109,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Total current assets                                   88,642,000          80,259,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Property and equipment:
  Land, buildings and leasehold improvements                     111,148,000         101,374,000
  Machinery and equipment                                        109,538,000          99,955,000
  Motor vehicles                                                  28,816,000          26,237,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 249,502,000         227,566,000
  Less - accumulated depreciation                                101,428,000          89,554,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 148,074,000         138,012,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other assets                                                      35,975,000          31,889,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               $ 272,691,000       $ 250,160,000
================================================================================================

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
  Current maturities of long-term obligations                  $   4,015,000       $   6,874,000
  Notes payable                                                      882,000             448,000
  Accounts payable                                                12,992,000          12,246,000
  Accrued liabilities                                             35,370,000          27,265,000
  Accrued and deferred income taxes                                3,882,000           5,469,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           Total current liabilities                              57,141,000          52,302,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Long-term obligations, net of current maturities                  32,361,000          34,728,000
Deferred income taxes                                             14,593,000          13,658,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $1.00 par value; 2,000,000 shares
     authorized; none issued                                              --                  -- 
  Common stock, $.10 par value; 30,000,000 shares
     authorized; issued and outstanding 7,886,644
     shares in 1995 and 7,884,644 shares in 1994                     789,000             788,000
  Class B Common stock, $.10 par value; 20,000,000
     shares authorized; issued and outstanding 12,623,964
     shares in 1995 and 12,625,964 shares in 1994                  1,262,000           1,263,000
  Capital surplus                                                  7,078,000           7,042,000
  Retained earnings                                              159,701,000         140,866,000
  Cumulative translation adjustment                                 (234,000)           (487,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total shareholders' equity                             168,596,000         149,472,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               $ 272,691,000       $ 250,160,000
================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial 
statements. 

                                      5
<PAGE>   6

Consolidated Statements of Income 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended                                          August 26,         August 27,       August 28, 
                                                          1995              1994              1993 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>               <C>               <C>          
Revenues                                         $ 355,041,000     $ 318,039,000     $ 287,728,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cost and expenses:
  Operating costs                                  222,205,000       196,511,000       173,772,000
  Selling and administrative expenses               79,111,000        71,159,000        66,757,000
  Depreciation and amortization                     19,194,000        17,912,000        16,454,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   320,510,000       285,582,000       256,983,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income from operations                              34,531,000        32,457,000        30,745,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interest expense (income):
  Interest expense                                   2,963,000         2,726,000         2,889,000
  Interest income                                     (176,000)         (213,000)         (220,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2,787,000         2,513,000         2,669,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income before income taxes                          31,744,000        29,944,000        28,076,000
Provision for income taxes                          11,110,000        11,073,000        10,387,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net income                                       $  20,634,000     $  18,871,000     $  17,689,000
==================================================================================================


Weighted average number of shares outstanding       20,510,608        20,505,837        20,453,414
==================================================================================================


Net income per share                             $        1.01     $        0.92     $        0.86
==================================================================================================


Dividends per share:
  Common stock                                   $        0.10     $        0.10     $        0.10
  Class B common stock                           $        0.08     $        0.08     $        0.04
==================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.


                                      6
<PAGE>   7

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Class B                     Class B                                Cumulative 
                               Common        Common        Common        Common      Capital       Retained   Translation 
                               Shares        Shares         Stock         Stock      Surplus       Earnings    Adjustment 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>              <C>
Balance, August 29, 1992   20,375,008            --   $ 2,038,000            --   $6,413,000  $ 108,024,000    $ 854,000
Net income                         --            --            --            --           --     17,689,000           -- 
Dividends                          --            --            --            --           --     (1,920,000)          -- 
Stock options exercised       126,800            --        12,000            --      595,000             --           -- 
Exchange offer            (12,627,954)   12,627,954    (1,263,000)  $ 1,263,000           --             --           -- 
Translation adjustment             --            --            --            --           --             --     (982,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Balance, August 28, 1993    7,873,854    12,627,954       787,000     1,263,000    7,008,000    123,793,000     (128,000)
Net income                         --            --            --            --           --     18,871,000           -- 
Dividends                          --            --            --            --           --     (1,798,000)          -- 
Stock options exercised         8,800            --         1,000            --       34,000             --           -- 
Shares converted                1,990        (1,990)           --            --           --             --           -- 
Translation adjustment             --            --            --            --           --             --     (359,000)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Balance, August 27, 1994    7,884,644    12,625,964       788,000     1,263,000    7,042,000    140,866,000     (487,000)
Net income                         --            --            --            --           --     20,634,000           -- 
Dividends                          --            --            --            --           --     (1,799,000)          -- 
Other                              --            --            --            --       36,000             --           -- 
Shares converted                2,000        (2,000)        1,000        (1,000)          --             --           -- 
Translation adjustment             --            --            --            --           --             --      253,000
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Balance, August 26, 1995    7,886,644    12,623,964   $   789,000   $ 1,262,000   $7,078,000  $ 159,701,000    $(234,000)
======================================================================================================================== 
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                      7
<PAGE>   8

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ended                                              August 26,      August 27,       August 28, 
                                                              1995            1994             1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>              <C>         
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                           $ 20,634,000     $ 18,871,000     $ 17,689,000
  Adjustments:
  Depreciation                                         15,960,000       15,038,000       13,598,000
  Amortization of other assets                          3,234,000        2,874,000        2,856,000
  Receivables                                          (2,935,000)      (4,502,000)      (2,360,000)
  Inventories                                            (938,000)      (3,781,000)         726,000
  Rental merchandise in service                        (1,198,000)      (2,861,000)      (2,724,000)
  Prepaid expenses                                         15,000           10,000           62,000
  Accounts payable                                        476,000        1,126,000        1,965,000
  Accrued liabilities                                   7,967,000        1,902,000        8,000,000
  Accrued and deferred income taxes                    (1,572,000)          82,000       (1,677,000)
  Deferred income taxes                                   899,000          987,000          (42,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  Net cash provided by operating activities            42,542,000       29,746,000       38,093,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired        (7,226,000)      (3,086,000)      (1,525,000)
Capital expenditures                                  (24,409,000)     (24,729,000)     (19,328,000)
Other assets, net                                      (1,575,000)        (999,000)         604,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  Net cash used in investing activities               (33,210,000)     (28,814,000)     (20,249,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Cash flows from financing activities:
Increase in debt                                        4,079,000        7,353,000               -- 
Reduction of debt                                      (9,879,000)      (6,058,000)     (16,151,000)
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                    36,000           35,000          607,000
Cash dividends paid or payable                         (1,799,000)      (1,798,000)      (1,920,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  Net cash used in financing activities                (7,563,000)        (468,000)     (17,464,000)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents               1,769,000          464,000          380,000
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year          4,120,000        3,656,000        3,276,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year             $  5,889,000     $  4,120,000     $  3,656,000
=================================================================================================== 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Interest paid                                        $  3,010,000     $  2,775,000     $  2,959,000
Income taxes paid                                    $ 11,712,000     $ 10,030,000     $ 12,168,000
=================================================================================================== 
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.


                                      8
<PAGE>   9
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles of Consolidation and Other 
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned. Intercompany balances and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The Company recognizes revenues
when the actual services are provided to customers.

Inventories 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value. The Company uses
the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method to value a significant portion of its
inventories. Inventory valued on the LIFO method approximates $13,364,000 and
$12,257,000 at August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994, respectively. The remaining
inventories are priced at the lower of first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost or
market. Had the Company used the FIFO accounting method, inventories would have
been approximately $1,060,000 and $816,000 higher at August 26, 1995 and August
27, 1994, respectively.

Rental Merchandise in Service 
Rental merchandise in service, stated at cost less amortization, is being
amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives (primarily
12 months) of the merchandise.

Property and Equipment 
The Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method based on the
following estimated useful lives:

<TABLE>
<S>                                            <C>         
Buildings                                        30-40 years 
Leasehold improvements                         Term of lease 
Machinery and equipment                           3-10 years 
Motor vehicles                                     3-7 years 
</TABLE>

Other Assets 
Covenants are amortized over the terms of the respective non-competition
agreements, which range from five to fifteen years. Customer contracts are
amortized over periods of up to seventeen years. Goodwill is amortized over
periods of up to forty years.

Income Taxes 
Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between amounts
recognized for income tax and financial reporting purposes at currently enacted
tax rates.

Net Income Per Common Share 
Net income per share is calculated using the weighted average number of common
and common equivalent shares outstanding during the year. Common equivalent
shares include the number of shares issuable under the Company's stock option
plan.

Cash Flow Disclosures 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks and bank short-term repurchase
agreements with maturities of less than ninety days.

Presentation 
Certain amounts in the prior year's consolidated statements of cash flows have
been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.


                                      9
<PAGE>   10
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


2.  ACQUISITIONS 

Information relating to the acquisitions of industrial laundry businesses which
were accounted for as purchases is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year ended                                         August 26,     August 27,    August 28, 
                                                         1995           1994          1993 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>           <C>            <C>       
Fair market value of assets acquired               $8,688,000    $11,904,000    $1,525,000
Liabilities assumed or created                      1,462,000      8,818,000            -- 
                                                   --------------------------------------- 
Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired    $7,226,000    $ 3,086,000    $1,525,000
                                                   ======================================= 
</TABLE>

The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included on the
Company's consolidated financial statements since their respective acquisition
dates. None of these acquisitions were significant in relation to the Company's
consolidated financial statements and therefore pro forma financial information
has not been presented.

3.  INCOME TAXES 

The provision for income taxes consists of the following: 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year ended                       August 26,        August 27,       August 28, 
                                       1995              1994             1993 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>               <C>               <C>
Current:
Federal and Canada             $ 10,597,000      $  8,479,000      $ 10,896,000
State                             1,818,000         1,609,000         2,322,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 12,415,000        10,088,000        13,218,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred:
Federal and Canada               (1,516,000)          828,000        (1,799,000)
State                               211,000           157,000        (1,032,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (1,305,000)          985,000        (2,831,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               $ 11,110,000      $ 11,073,000      $ 10,387,000
===============================================================================

</TABLE>

Deferred income tax provisions, resulting from temporary differences  
between financial and taxable income, consist of the following: 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Year ended                             August 26,     August 27,    August 28, 
                                         1995           1994           1993 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                   <C>            <C>            <C>
Rental merchandise in service         $   973,000    $ 1,743,000    $ 1,150,000
Tax in excess of book depreciation        944,000        757,000        732,000
Accruals and other                     (3,222,000)    (1,515,000)    (4,713,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                      $(1,305,000)   $   985,000    $(2,831,000)
===============================================================================

</TABLE>

                                      10
<PAGE>   11
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 

3.   INCOME TAXES - (Continued)

<TABLE>
The following table reconciles the statutory federal income tax rate 
to the effective overall income tax rate: 
<CAPTION>

Year ended                                              August 26, August 27, August 28, 
                                                            1995     1994     1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                                         <C>      <C>      <C>
Statutory federal income tax rate                           35.0%    35.0%    34.7%
Increase (decrease) from statutory rate resulting from:
   Puerto Rico exempt income                                (2.1)    (1.9)    (1.7)
   Corporate-Owned Life Insurance                           (2.6)    (1.2)      -- 
   State income taxes                                        3.7      3.5      2.7
   Canadian income taxes                                     0.3      0.4      0.6
   Federal income tax rate change on
     cumulative temporary differences                         --       --      1.5
   Other                                                     0.7      1.2     (0.8)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                            35.0%    37.0%    37.0%
========================================================================================
</TABLE>

The Company has negotiated a tax exemption grant for its Puerto Rico subsidiary
under which the subsidiary is tax-exempt on 90% of its income through 2001. The
Company provides for anticipated tollgate taxes on the repatriation of the
subsidiary's accumulated earnings.

<TABLE>
The tax effect of items giving rise to the Company's net deferred tax
liabilities are as follows:

<CAPTION>
                                      August 26,      August 27,      August 28, 
                                         1995            1994            1993 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
Rental merchandise in service        $ 12,626,000    $ 12,274,000    $ 10,766,000
Tax in excess of book depreciation     12,906,000      12,494,000      11,887,000
Accruals and other                     (7,248,000)     (5,654,000)     (5,450,000)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     $ 18,284,000    $ 19,114,000    $ 17,203,000
=================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                      11
<PAGE>   12
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries 


4.  LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS 

Long-term obligations outstanding on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets are shown in the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        August 26,    August 27, 
                                                              1995          1994 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>
Unsecured revolving credit agreement with two banks,
interest rates of 6.25% and 5.25%, respectively        $21,875,000   $18,925,000

Unsecured note payable to an insurance company,
interest rate of 9.25%, payments of $3,000,000 due
annually thru February, 1997                             6,000,000    15,000,000

Notes payable, interest from 7.0% - 8.75%, payable
in various installments thru 2004                        4,095,000     4,286,000

Amounts due for restrictive covenants and other,
payable in various installments thru 2005                4,406,000     3,391,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        36,376,000    41,602,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less - current maturities                                4,015,000     6,874,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       $32,361,000   $34,728,000
================================================================================

</TABLE>

Aggregate current maturities of long-term obligations for each of the next five
years are $4,015,000, $25,903,000, $1,014,000, $1,037,000, $764,000 and
$3,643,000 thereafter. At August 26, 1995 and at August 27, 1994, the fair
market value of the Company's outstanding debt approximates its carrying value.

The Company's unsecured revolving credit agreement runs through 1997. As of
August 26, 1995, the maximum line of credit was $50,000,000.

Certain of the long-term obligations contain among other things, provisions
regarding net worth, working capital and dividends. Under the most restrictive
of these provisions, the Company was required to maintain minimum consolidated
tangible net worth of $106,664,000 as of August 26, 1995. Certain notes payable
arising from acquisitions are secured by assets of the acquired company.

                                      12
<PAGE>   13
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries


5.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Company has a profit sharing plan with a 401(k) feature for all eligible
employees not under collective bargaining agreements. The amount of the
Company's contribution is determined at the discretion of the Company.
Contributions charged to expense under the plan were $3,508,000 in 1995,
$3,200,000 in 1994 and $3,000,000 in 1993.

Some employees under collective bargaining agreements are covered by
union-sponsored multi-employer pension plans. Company contributions, generally
based upon hours worked, are in accordance with negotiated labor contracts.
Payments to the plans amounted to $156,000 in 1995, $176,000 in 1994 and
$280,000 in 1993. Information is not readily available for the Company to
determine its share of unfunded vested benefits, if any, under these plans.

6.  OTHER ASSETS

Other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are shown in the
following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          August 26,   August 27,
                                                               1995         1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>
Customer contracts, covenants and other assets arising
 from acquisitions, less accumulated amortization
 of $15,906,000 and $15,282,000, respectively           $19,774,000  $19,705,000
Goodwill, less accumulated amortization
 of $2,391,000 and $2,212,000, respectively              14,259,000   10,308,000
Other                                                     1,942,000    1,876,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        $35,975,000  $31,889,000
================================================================================
</TABLE>


7.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are shown in
the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 August 26,           August 27,
                                                    1995                 1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>                  <C>
Insurance                                       $14,100,000          $11,457,000
Payroll related                                  12,231,000           10,236,000
Other                                             9,039,000            5,572,000
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                $35,370,000          $27,265,000
================================================================================
</TABLE>


                                      13
<PAGE>   14
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries


8.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Lease Commitments
The Company leases certain buildings from independent parties. Total rent
expense on all leases was $1,867,000 in 1995, $1,581,000 in 1994 and $1,637,000
in 1993.

Annual minimum lease commitments for all years subsequent to August 26, 1995 are
$1,586,000 in 1996, $1,151,000 in 1997, $800,000 in 1998, $517,000 in 1999,
$146,000 in 2000 and $80,000 thereafter.

Contingencies
The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to legal proceedings and claims
arising from the conduct of their business operations, including personal
injury, customer contract, employment claims and environmental matters. In the
opinion of management, such proceedings and claims are not likely to result in
losses which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company.

As security for certain agreements, the Company had standby irrevocable bank
commercial letters of credit and mortgages of approximately $15,730,000 and
$12,695,000 outstanding as of August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994, respectively.

9.  COMMON STOCK OPTIONS

The Company adopted an incentive stock option plan in April, 1983 and reserved
800,000 shares of common stock for issue under the plan. Options granted under
the plan were at a price of not less than 100% of the fair market value on the
date of grant and expired ten years after the grant date. During 1993 the plan
expired.

10.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

On November 18, 1993 the Company's Board of Directors declared a two-for-one
stock split, to be effected in the form of a stock dividend, on the Company's
Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The stock dividend was paid on January
19, 1994 to shareholders of record on January 5, 1994. All references to average
number of shares outstanding and per share data in these financial statements
reflect the effect of the two-for-one split.

During 1993 the Company's shareholders voted to amend its Articles of
Organization to increase the number of authorized common shares from 20,000,000
to 30,000,000, and to authorize a new Class B common stock with 20,000,000
authorized shares. The offer to exchange, on a share-for-share basis, shares of
Class B common stock for shares of common stock resulted in 12,627,954 shares of
common stock being exchanged for shares of Class B common stock.

The significant attributes of each type of stock are as follows:

Common stock -- Each share is entitled to one vote and is freely transferable.
Each share of common stock is entitled to a cash dividend equal to 125% of any
cash dividend paid on each share of Class B common stock.

Class B common stock -- Each share is entitled to ten votes and can be converted
to common stock on a share-for-share basis. Until converted to common stock,
however, Class B shares are not freely transferable. Substantially all shares of
Class B common stock are held by officers of the Company.



                                      14
<PAGE>   15

Report of Independent Public Accountants

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of UniFirst Corporation:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UniFirst
Corporation (a Massachusetts corporation) and subsidiaries as of August 26, 1995
and August 27, 1994 and the related consolidated statements of income,
shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended August 26, 1995. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of UniFirst Corporation and
subsidiaries as of August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
August 26, 1995, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Boston, Massachusetts 
October 31, 1995

                                      15
<PAGE>   16
Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
UniFirst Corporation and Subsidiaries

The following is a summary of the results of operations for each of the quarters
within the years ended August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994.

(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          First     Second      Third     Fourth
1995                                    Quarter    Quarter    Quarter    Quarter
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues                                $86,212    $86,231    $92,600    $89,998
Income before income taxes                8,544      5,933      8,872      8,395
Net income                                5,554      3,856      5,767      5,457

Weighted average shares outstanding      20,511     20,511     20,511     20,511
Net income per share                      $0.27      $0.19      $0.28      $0.27
================================================================================

<CAPTION>
                                          First     Second      Third     Fourth
1994                                    Quarter    Quarter    Quarter    Quarter
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues                                $78,107    $76,094    $83,106    $80,732
Income before income taxes                9,114      6,089      7,571      7,170
Net income                                5,742      3,836      4,770      4,523

Weighted average shares outstanding      20,509     20,509     20,509     20,511
Net income per share                      $0.28      $0.19      $0.23      $0.22
================================================================================
</TABLE>

Common Stock Prices and Dividends Per Share
For the Years Ended August 26, 1995 and August 27, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                     Price Per Share                 Dividends Per Share
                                                Class B
1995                  High        Low      Common Stock          Common Stock
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>        <C>             <C>                   <C>
First Quarter      $13-5/8    $11-1/4            $0.020                $0.025
Second Quarter      13-1/8     11-1/8             0.020                 0.025
Third Quarter       12-1/4     11-1/4             0.020                 0.025
Fourth Quarter      14-3/8     12-1/8             0.020                 0.025
================================================================================

<CAPTION>
                     Price Per Share                 Dividends Per Share
                                                Class B
1994                  High        Low      Common Stock          Common Stock
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>        <C>             <C>                   <C>
First Quarter      $17-1/4    $15-3/8            $0.020                $0.025
Second Quarter      17-3/8     15-1/4             0.020                 0.025
Third Quarter       17         14-1/8             0.020                 0.025
Fourth Quarter      16-3/8     11-5/8             0.020                 0.025
================================================================================

</TABLE>


The Company's common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE
Symbol: UNF).

The approximate number of shareholders of record of the Company's common stock
and Class B common stock as of October 31, 1995 were 200 and 21 respectively.

                                      16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
Page 1

                                                                      EXHIBIT 23

                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation of our
reports dated October 31, 1995 incorporated by reference or included in this
Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed Registration Statement File No.
33-60781.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
November 22, 1995
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF UNIFIRST CORPORATION FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
AUGUST 26, 1995, AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
<CURRENCY> U.S. DOLLARS
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          AUG-26-1995
<PERIOD-START>                             AUG-28-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               AUG-26-1995
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                           5,889
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                   34,154
<ALLOWANCES>                                       734
<INVENTORY>                                     16,484
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                88,642
<PP&E>                                         249,502
<DEPRECIATION>                                 101,428
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 272,691
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           57,141
<BONDS>                                         32,361
<COMMON>                                         2,051
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     166,545
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   272,691
<SALES>                                        355,041
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               355,041
<CGS>                                          320,510
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  320,510
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               2,787
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 31,744
<INCOME-TAX>                                    11,110
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             20,634
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    20,634
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.01
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
