-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 r+wrAXgY/aJy+NGBPDPYyKP2yTkjnYEyEoQPv/erGPU/MLRE2YKTdZZGna2HOcW+
 3rOWiBGQXtjZP7st1N0M4w==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000752290-94-000007.txt : 19940331
<IMS-HEADER>0000752290-94-000007.hdr.sgml : 19940331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000752290-94-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIMAR CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000752290
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	1311
		IRS NUMBER:				760108240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		34
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08791
		FILM NUMBER:		94518116

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY STE 600
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9143332000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1993 10-K TEXT
<TEXT>

                                  PART I
Item 1.  Business

General

    Unimar Company (the Company) was organized as a general
partnership in 1984 under the Texas Uniform Partnership Act.  The
partners are LASMO (Ustar), Inc. (Ultrastar), a Delaware
corporation and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of LASMO plc
(LASMO), a public limited company organized under the laws of
England, and Unistar, Inc. (Unistar), a Delaware corporation and
a direct subsidiary of Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.
(UTPH), a Delaware corporation.  UTPH is approximately 38 percent
owned by two partnerships controlled by an affiliate of Kohlberg
Kravis Roberts & Co. (KKR) with the remaining outstanding common
stock publicly held.

    The Company's sole business is its ownership of ENSTAR
Corporation (ENSTAR) which, through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Virginia International Company (INTERNATIONAL) and
Virginia Indonesia Company (VICO), has a 23.125 percent working
interest in, and is the operator of, a joint venture (the Joint
Venture) for the exploration, development and production of oil
and natural gas (gas) in East Kalimantan, Indonesia, under a
production sharing contract (Production Sharing Contract or PSC)
with Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
(Pertamina), the state petroleum enterprise of the Republic of
Indonesia.  The majority of the revenue derived from the Joint
Venture results from the sale of liquefied natural gas (LNG). 
Currently, the LNG is sold principally to utility and industrial
companies in Japan, Taiwan and Korea.  See "The Joint Venture"
below.

    The principal executive offices of the Company are at 1221
McKinney, Suite 600, Houston, Texas  77010 and its telephone
number is (713) 654-8550.  A Management Board consisting of six
members, three appointed by each partner, exercises management,
budgeting and financial control of the Company.  As of December
31, 1993, VICO, in its capacity as the Joint Venture operator,
had approximately 2,130 employees in the United States and
Indonesia. The Company presently does not have any other
employees.  All aspects of the Company's business that are not
associated with the management of the Joint Venture, such as
operations, legal, accounting, tax and other management
functions, are supplied by employees of the partners in
accordance with management agreements.

    The Company can give no assurance as to the future trend of
its business and earnings, or as to future events and
developments that could affect the Company in particular or the
oil industry in general.  These include such matters as
environmental quality control standards, new discoveries of
hydrocarbons, and the demand for petroleum products. 
Furthermore, the Company's business could be profoundly affected
by future events including price changes or controls, payment
delays, increased expenditures, legislation and regulations
affecting the Company's business, expropriation of assets,
renegotiation of contracts with foreign governments, political
instability, currency exchange and repatriation losses, taxes,
litigation, the competitive environment, and international
economic and political developments including actions of members
of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).  See
Item 7 - Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.

Description of the Company's Indonesian Participating Units

    (a)  Market information.  The Company's Indonesian
Participating Units (IPUs) are listed for trading on the American
Stock Exchange under the symbol "UMR."  The following table shows
the reported high and low sales prices of the IPUs on a quarterly
basis:

                INDONESIAN PARTICIPATING UNITS' PRICE RANGE

         First Qtr.     Second Qtr.    Third Qtr.     Fourth
                                                      Qtr.
1993
High        9-1/8         10-1/4          9-3/4         9-1/2
Low         6-7/8          8-1/4          8-5/8         8-1/4

1992     
High        8              6-1/2          7             7-5/8
Low         5              5-1/4          5-3/4         6-3/8

Source of prices:  American Stock Exchange

    (b)   Holders.  As of March 1, 1994, 10,778,590 IPUs were
outstanding and held by approximately 4,301 holders of record.

    (c)   Payments per Indonesian Participating Unit.

Period                            Payment Date           Payment

First Quarter  - 1992             June 1, 1992             0.35
Second Quarter - 1992             August 31, 1992          0.37
Third Quarter  - 1992             November 30, 1992        0.54
Fourth Quarter - 1992             March 1, 1993            0.44
First Quarter  - 1993             June 1, 1993             0.46
Second Quarter - 1993             August 30, 1993          0.28
Third Quarter  - 1993             November 29, 1993        0.45
Fourth Quarter - 1993             March 1, 1994            0.38

    Each IPU entitles the holder thereof to receive until
September 25, 1999, a payment (Participation Payment) for any
quarterly period equal to the product of (i) a fraction, the
numerator of which is 1 and the denominator of which is equal to
the number of IPUs outstanding on the last business day of such
quarterly period, multiplied by (ii) the amount by which
cumulative Net Cash Flow (as defined below) through the end of
such quarterly period exceeds the aggregate amount of all
preceding Participation Payments in respect of all IPUs.  If Net
Cash Flow is zero or negative for any quarterly period, no
Participation Payment for that quarter will be made.

    The amount of Net Cash Flow for any quarterly period is
equal to the product of (i) a fraction, the numerator of which is
equal to the number of IPUs outstanding on the last business day
of such quarterly period, and the denominator of which is
14,077,747, multiplied by (ii) 32 percent of (a) all cash
actually received in the United States by INTERNATIONAL and VICO
(for purposes hereof, the Special Subsidiaries) during such
quarterly period from their aggregate 23.125 percent interest in
the Joint Venture (or actually received by them outside the
United States if they voluntarily elect not to repatriate such
cash) minus (b) an amount equal to the sum of (A) the aggregate
amount of all accruals or expenditures made by the Special
Subsidiaries during such quarterly period as a result of their
interest in the Joint Venture, (B) foreign or domestic taxes paid
by the Special Subsidiaries, (C) any award, judgment or
settlement and related legal fees incurred by the Special
Subsidiaries, (D) certain operating expenses incurred by the
Special Subsidiaries, and (E) the amortization of capitalized
advances made by the Special Subsidiaries for certain major
capital expenditures, together with interest thereon.

    Participation Payments for any quarterly period will be paid
60 days in arrears to holders of record on the date 45 days after
the last day of the period.  Participation Payments of less than
$0.01 per IPU for any quarterly period will be accumulated and
paid when Participation Payments in any succeeding quarter,
together with previously unpaid amounts, exceed $0.01 per IPU.

Units of Measure Restatement

    In order to better conform the Company's disclosures to
those of its partners, the definition of a Net Equivalent Cargo
and MCF have been revised.  All relevant disclosures relating to
prior years have been restated to conform to these two new
definitions.

Net Equivalent Cargo (NEC)

    In prior years one NEC equaled the quantity of LNG delivered
for the Joint Venture's 97.9 percent interest in a 1973 Sales
Contract shipment or any average of 2,873 BBTUs of gas.  The
definition of a NEC has now been changed to the quantity of LNG
delivered in a 1973 Sales Contract shipment or an average of
2,942 BBTUs.

MMCF of Gas

    In prior years an MMCF of gas was referred to as "wet gas"
which contained residual amounts of condensate.  This definition
has been changed to "dry gas" after any residual condensate has
been removed.  As an example, approximately 3.1 billion cubic
feet of wet gas are required to produce 2.9 trillion BTUs of LNG;
whereas, approximately 3.0 billion cubic feet of dry gas are
required to produce 2.9 trillion BTUs of LNG.

                                 BUSINESS
The Joint Venture

    The Joint Venture participants are INTERNATIONAL (15.625%),
VICO (7.5%), LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited (an indirect subsidiary of
LASMO formerly called Ultramar Indonesia Limited) (26.25%), Union
Texas East Kalimantan Limited (an indirect subsidiary of UTPH)
(26.25%), and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. (a subsidiary of a
consortium led by Japan Petroleum Exploration Co., Ltd.) (4.375
%).  In addition, Opicoil Houston, Inc. (an affiliate of the
Chinese Petroleum Corporation) holds a 16.67 percent equity
interest and a 20 percent voting interest, with the remaining
3.33 percent non-voting equity interest held by assignees of
Opicoil Houston, Inc.  VICO in its capacity as the Joint Venture
operator conducts exploration and development activities within
the PSC area.  The cost of such activities is funded by the Joint
Venture participants.  The vote of participants holding 66-2/3
percent of the total ownership is generally required for approval
of significant matters pertaining to the Joint Venture.

Terms of Production Sharing Contract

    Under a PSC with Pertamina that was amended and extended in
1990 until August 7, 2018, the Joint Venture is authorized to
explore for, develop, and produce petroleum reserves in an
approximate 1.4 million acre area in East Kalimantan.  In
accordance with the requirements of the PSC, during 1991, the
Joint Venture selectively relinquished approximately 10 percent
of the PSC area.  The Joint Venture must relinquish 10 percent of
the PSC area by April 23, 1994; 10 percent by August 7, 1998; 10
percent by December 31, 2000; 15 percent by December 31, 2002 and
15 percent by December 31, 2004.  However, the Joint Venture is
not required to relinquish any of the PSC area in which oil or
gas is held for production.   Additionally, pursuant to the terms
of the PSC, the Joint Venture, having produced 185 million
barrels of oil, paid Pertamina a $5 million non-cost recoverable
bonus in March 1993. 

    Under the PSC, the Joint Venture participants are entitled
to recover cumulative operating and certain capital costs out of
the crude oil, condensate and gas produced each year, and to
receive a share of the remaining crude oil and condensate
production and a share of the remaining revenues from the sale of
gas on an after-Indonesian tax basis.  The method of recovery of
capital costs is a system of depreciation and amortization that
is similar to U.S. tax accounting methods.  The share of revenues
from the sale of gas after cost recovery through August 7, 1998
will remain at 35 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian
income taxes and 65 percent to Pertamina.  The split after August
7, 1998, will be 25 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian
income taxes and 75 percent to Pertamina for gas sales under the
1973 and 1981 LNG Sales Contracts, Korean carryover quantities
and the seven 1986 liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) Sales Contracts
(and any extensions thereto) to the extent that the gas to
fulfill these contracts is committed from the Badak or Nilam
fields; after August 7, 1998, all other LNG sales contract
revenues will be split 30 percent to the Joint Venture after
Indonesian income taxes and 70 percent to Pertamina.  Based on
current and projected oil production, the revenue split from oil
sales after cost recovery through August 7, 2018 will remain at
15 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian income taxes and
85 percent to Pertamina.  These revenue splits are based on
Indonesian income tax rates of 56 percent through August 7, 1998
and 48 percent thereafter.   

    In addition, the Joint Venture is required to sell out of
its share of production 8.5 percent (7.2 percent after August 7,
1998) of the total oil and gas condensate production from the
contract area for Indonesian domestic consumption.  The sales
price for the domestic market consumption is $0.20 per barrel
with respect to fields commencing production prior to February
23, 1989.  For fields commencing production after that date,
domestic market consumption is priced at 10 percent of the
weighted average price of crude oil sold from such fields. 
However, for the first sixty consecutive months of production
from new fields, domestic market consumption is priced at the
official Indonesian Crude Price (ICP).  The participants'
remaining oil and condensate production is generally sold in
world markets.  

    The Joint Venture has no ownership interest in the oil and
gas reserves.  The Joint Venture has long-term supply agreements
with Pertamina for the supply of gas and petroleum gas to be
liquefied at a liquefaction plant owned by Pertamina at Bontang
Bay (the LNG Plant) and sold to certain buyers pursuant to sales
contracts.  The Joint Venture, other participating production
sharing contractors and Pertamina together market the LNG and the
LPG produced at the LNG Plant and LPG facilities and, as to the
amounts allocable to the PSC, the Joint Venture and Pertamina
divide the net proceeds in accordance with the percentages set
out above.

    Payment for LNG and LPG is made in U. S. dollars to a U. S.
bank as trustee for Pertamina, the Joint Venture, other
participating production sharing contractors and lenders that
have provided funds to build the LNG Plant and the LPG
facilities.  The LNG Plant's processing costs, principal and
interest payable on borrowings from such lenders, transportation
costs, and certain other miscellaneous costs are deducted from
the gross LNG and LPG sales proceeds.  The remaining amount
represents the net proceeds for gas delivered to the LNG Plant
and is divided among Pertamina, the Joint Venture, and the other
production sharing contractors in accordance with the terms of
their respective agreements.

Exploration and Development 

    From inception in 1972 up to and including December 31,
1993, the following wells were drilled in the East Kalimantan
contract area:

                           Total    Completed
    Field                  Wells    Productive    Dry  Suspended
   Location               Drilled     Wells      Holes    Wells 


    Badak                   184        174         7        3
    Nilam                   154        154         -        -
    Semberah                 53         49         4        -
    Mutiara                  44         37         6        1
    Pamaguan                 32         26         6        -
    Wailawi                   6          6         -        -
    Other                    44          8        30        6

    Totals                  517        454        53       10

    Two significant fields, Badak and Nilam, have been
discovered in the East Kalimantan area.  The Badak field is in
the northeast portion of the East Kalimantan contract area, and
the Nilam field is located immediately south of the Badak field. 
Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. (the Total Group),
who are not parties to the Joint Venture but have interests in
the Nilam and Badak fields, are parties to unitization agreements
with the Joint Venture in both fields.  All gas and condensate
from the Badak and Nilam fields and all oil from the Nilam field,
as well as all allowable costs incurred in connection therewith,
are deemed attributable to the Joint Venture and the Total Group
in the ratio of their respective participating interests under
the Badak and Nilam unitization agreements.  VICO acts as
operator for the Joint Venture and the Total Group in both
fields.  See "Business - The Joint Venture."  The Joint Venture
is also producing from four additional fields in the East
Kalimantan area: Pamaguan, Mutiara, Semberah and Wailawi.

    The tables below summarize completed exploratory and
development drilling from 1991 through 1993 for the East
Kalimantan contract area.

                           EXPLORATORY DRILLING

                    Wells                      Dry
         Year      Drilled     Discoveries    Holes
         
         1991         2             1           1
         1992         2             0           2  
         1993         3             0           3

         Totals       7             1           6


                  DEVELOPMENT OR FIELD EXTENSION DRILLING

                              Completed        
            Wells     For      For    For Dual       Dry
 Year      Drilled    Gas      Oil    Oil & Gas     Holes

 1991        37       30        3         4            -
 1992        31       24        5         2            -
 1993        31       25        1         3            2
 
 Totals      99       79        9         9            2

    Of 454 completed productive wells in the East Kalimantan
contract area, approximately 250 contain more than one completion
in the same bore hole.

    Six wells were in progress as of December 31, 1993.  This
includes wells that were drilled but not completed at the end of
1993.  None of the suspended or "in-progress" wells are included
in the tables above.

    The Company's share of the costs of the above wells ranged
from 18.53 percent to 23.125 percent.

    The following table sets forth total gas liquefied and sold
as LNG, the Company's net share of such production (calculated on
a million cubic feet equivalency basis as described in Note b
below), average sales prices (excluding transportation costs) and
production (lifting) costs of such production for the years 1991
through 1993.

                               Years ended December 31, (a)
                             1993           1992           1991
                                                 (Restated)
Gas Production
 for LNG (MMCF) (b)         637,847        621,600       579,001

Company's Net Share
 (MMCF equivalency) (c)      80,873         77,264        78,598


Average Sales Price
 per MCF (d)                  $2.75          $2.92         $3.07

Average Production (Lifting) 
 Cost per MCF                 $0.13          $0.14         $0.15


(a)      All amounts appearing in this table are for dry gas.  The
         1992 and 1991 amounts were previously reported on a wet gas
         basis and have been restated as dry gas.

(b)      Represents the volumes of LNG delivered and sold to
         purchasers which is measured by its British Thermal Unit
         (BTU) content and, for purposes of this table, has been
         converted to MMCF equivalents based on a ratio of
         approximately 3.0 billion cubic feet (BCF) of gas required
         at the plant to produce 2.9 trillion BTUs of LNG.   The Gas
         Production for LNG includes production attributable to
         UNOCAL Indonesia Ltd., the Total Group and Pertamina.  The
         term "MMCF" refers to 1,000,000 cubic feet of gas measured
         at 60 degrees Fahrenheit and 14.7 pounds per square inch of
         pressure.

(c)      The net share figures shown above have been calculated by
         dividing the Company's total LNG revenues for each year by
         the average price per MCF (in the form of LNG) received by
         Pertamina for the sale of LNG during such year.  The result
         represents the MCF equivalent of the Company's LNG revenues.

(d)      The sales price is based on the average sales price
         (excluding transportation) per MMBTU of LNG received by
         Pertamina.  The term "MMBTU" refers to 1,000,000 British
         Thermal Units.  The sales price per MMBTU has been converted
         to a price per MCF based on the conversion ratio referred to
         in note (b) above.  The term "MCF" refers to 1,000 cubic
         feet of gas measured at 60 degrees Fahrenheit and 14.7
         pounds per square inch of pressure.

         The Company's production costs are small in relation to its
revenues because the Joint Venture's revenues under the LNG
contracts are net of costs associated with transporting and
converting the gas to LNG and shipping the LNG to the purchasers. 
The costs, which are considered to be production costs, are those
costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related
equipment and facilities.

         During 1993, the Company's share of the Joint Venture's
expenditures was approximately $59 million, including $5 million
of exploration expenditures and $37 million of development
expenditures.  In 1994, the Company's share of the Joint
Venture's expenditures is expected to total $56 million,
including $3 million of exploration expenditures and $35 million
of development expenditures.  The 1994 budgeted expenditures
primarily reflect continued development drilling required to
maintain adequate gas deliverability. 

Reserves

         The Company files no reports which include estimates of oil
or gas reserves with any federal agency other than the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

         The estimated proved reserves of gas and of oil and
condensate as of December 31, 1990, 1991, 1992 and 1993
attributable to the Joint Venture's interest in the PSC in East
Kalimantan were prepared by petroleum engineers employed by
LASMO, an affiliate of Ultrastar.  Gross proved field reserves
are as follows:

                              Crude Oil and         
                                Condensate               Gas    
   Total Proved Reserves     (000's barrels)         (Dry MMCFs)
   
Dec. 31, 1990 (Gas restated)      149,194             7,294,804
Dec. 31, 1991 (Gas restated)      135,712             7,615,739
Dec. 31, 1992 (Gas restated)      146,055             7,436,171
Dec. 31, 1993                     203,068             7,187,995*

    * equivalent to approximately 6,966 trillion BTUs.

    The Joint Venture, and thus the Company, has no ownership
interest in oil and gas reserves but rather has the right to
receive production and revenues from the sale of oil, condensate,
gas, LNG and LPG in accordance with the PSC and other agreements.

    The Company has revised its method of disclosing all proved
and proved developed gas reserves from a wet gas basis to a dry
gas basis.  This change has been effected to conform to the
reporting method used by the Company's partners.  The Company's
estimates of its net share of proved developed and undeveloped
reserves, as of December 31 of each year since 1990, are included
in the Supplemental Financial Information in Item 8.

LNG Plant

    Gas produced from the Joint Venture's interest in the PSC
reserves is liquefied at the LNG Plant, which is owned by
Pertamina and operated on a cost-reimbursement basis by a
corporation in which the Joint Venture owns a 20 percent
interest.  The LNG Plant currently consists of six processing
units (trains) having a combined input capacity at year-end 1993
of approximately 2.6 billion cubic feet of gas per operating day
and a production capacity of approximately 626,000 barrels or
99,500 cubic meters of LNG and 28,000 barrels of condensate per
day.  The five storage tanks at the LNG Plant have a total
capacity of 3.2 million barrels of LNG.  Gas is supplied to the
plant through three pipelines (two 36 inch and one 42 inch) which
are connected to the central gas facilities at the Badak field,
35 miles south of the LNG Plant.

    The LNG Plant has been developed in four phases.  The
original facility, which consisted of two trains (Trains A and B)
and a dock, was constructed with financing arranged by Pertamina
with the Central Bank of the Republic of Indonesia, a consortium
of Japanese banks and a corporation owned substantially by the
Japanese LNG purchasers, and became fully operational in August
1977.  Final payment on the loans was made in the first quarter
of 1990.

    Expansion of the LNG Plant from two to four trains (Trains C
and D) was completed in 1983.  Funding was arranged by Pertamina
with Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. (JILCO).  Final payment on
this financing arrangement was made in the third quarter of 1993.

    A fifth processing train (Train E) was completed in 1989 and
supplies LNG required for the Taiwan LNG Sales Contract with the
Chinese Petroleum Corporation (CPC), the state petroleum
enterprise of the Republic of China (Taiwan).  Project financing
was arranged through a trustee borrowing with a consortium of
Japanese banks and is supported by revenues from such sales
contract, as well as in certain limited circumstances by portions
of other revenue streams. The financing contains two tranches,
with tranche A totalling $176.4 million at a fixed interest rate
of 11.5 percent, and tranche B totalling $117.6 million at a
floating interest rate initially of LIBOR plus 1 percent.  The
financing is repayable in graduated quarterly payments over ten
years that began in the fourth quarter of 1990.

    The sixth processing train (Train F) was completed in
November 1993 and will supply the LNG required for the LNG sales
contract signed in October 1990 with Osaka Gas, Tokyo Gas and
Toho Gas (the Buyers) for the sale of 2,020 trillion BTUs over a
twenty-year period commencing in 1994.  In August 1991, Pertamina
and an international consortium of commercial banks completed
project financing of $750 million to fund the construction of
Train F and related support facilities at an interest rate of
LIBOR plus 1.25 percent.  Financial support for the financing is
limited to revenues from such sales contract.  The financing is
repayable over ten years in graduated quarterly payments
commencing in December 1994.  Only $699 million of the $750
million project financing will be required to complete the
construction of Train F and its related support facilities.

    As a result of the production performance of Train E,
Pertamina had undertaken modifications to Trains A through D
known as "debottlenecking."  Trains C and D were modified in 1992
during regularly scheduled maintenance shutdowns.  Likewise,
Trains A and B were modified in 1993 during regularly scheduled
maintenance shutdowns.  Capacity tests on all four trains
exceeded design rates such that Trains A through D are now
capable of LNG production rates comparable to the most recently
completed Train F, an increase of 14 percent, or 22 cargoes in
total.  The total cost of the Trains A through D debottlenecking
project amounted to $79 million.  These costs were funded through
Package IV revenues (See description of Package IV beginning on
page 15).  

    With the completion of Train F and the debottlenecking
project, the expanded six train plant is expected to have the
capacity to deliver 275 cargoes per year.

LPG Facilities and Second Dock

    The LPG processing facilities at the LNG Plant were
constructed concurrently with the fifth processing train.  The
LPG facilities were completed in 1988, at a cost of approximately
$158 million.  Financing was made available to Pertamina through
a consortium of Japanese banks.  A significant portion of the LPG
sales proceeds is dedicated to the financing, which is repayable
through 1999.

    A second dock facility at the LNG Plant is used for both LNG
and LPG deliveries.  The portion of the second dock costs
attributable to the LPG trade was financed through the same
consortium of Japanese banks that financed the LPG processing
facilities at the LNG Plant.  Financing for the LNG portion of
the second dock was provided by a trustee borrowing from Japanese
banks.

    The table below sets forth information regarding the status
of the project financings incurred or arranged by Pertamina to
construct the LNG Plant:

                 Original   
                Principal/   Balance at   Final      Primary
                 Payment    December 31, Payment    Source of
 Financing        Amount        1993       Date     Repayment
                 (000's)       (000's)

Trains A&B 
 and 1st 
 Loading Dock    $771,500   $      -          -   1973 LNG Sales
                                                  Contract

Trains C & D      995,800          -          -   1981 LNG Sales
                                                  Contract

Train E           294,000    217,560       2000   Taiwan LNG
                                                  Sales Contract
Train F and
 Support
 Facilities (a)   750,000    633,000       2004   Train F LNG
                                                  Sales Contract

Misc. Capital
 Projects          42,700          -          -   1973 LNG Sales
                                                  Contract (b)
2nd Loading Dock
 & Train E 
 Support
 Facilities       135,000     48,600       1995   1973 LNG Sales
                                                  Contract (b)

LPG Facilities    157,700     91,640       1999   LPG Sales
                                                  Contract


(a) Total financing required is not expected to exceed $699
    million.

(b) Debt service is allocated among all of the gas producers
    according to the quantity of gas delivered.

Marketing and Distribution of LNG

    Certain information regarding deliveries of LNG from the LNG
Plant is set forth below:

                                   BTUs        Average
               Number of LNG   in Trillions   Price Per
              Tanker Liftings  (Approximate)     MMBTU

    1991 . . . . .   197            564         $3.16
    1992 . . . . .   211            606         $3.00
    1993 . . . . .   216            621         $2.82

    As a result of variations in LNG tanker capacity among the
various sales contracts, the measure of a net equivalent cargo
has been established.  One net equivalent cargo equates to the
quantity of LNG delivered in a 1973 Sales Contract shipment or an
average of 2,942 BBTUs.

    The following table sets forth information regarding the LNG
Plant share of the LNG Sales Contracts grouped together by the
Joint Venture's participating percentages in the sales contracts
(each such group being referred to as a "package"):
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Remaining
                        LNG Sales    1993    Remaining  Base LNG Price
                         Volumes    Cargoes   Cargoes   Per MMBTU (a)  
Package and Equity Interest  TBTUs    Gross/Net  Gross/Net    12/31/93 2/25/94
                                      (b)       (b)

<S>                     <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
Package I - 97.9%
1973 LNG Sales Contract
Term:  1977 - 1999         647      63/60      220/215  $2.30    $2.42


Package II - 66.4%
1981 LNG Sales Contract
Term:  1983 -2003        1,578      57/38      542/356  $2.26    $2.37
                        

Package IIIA - 50%
Korean Carryover Sales
 Contract
Term:  1986 - 2006         194       5/2        66/33   $2.30    $2.42
                        

Package IIIB - 29.6%
Taiwan LNG Sales Contract
Term:  1990 - 2009       1,451      29/9       458/146  $2.23    $2.35
                        

Osaka and Toho
Terms: Various ranging from
 1987 to 1999               19       7/2         6/2    $2.30    $2.42
                        
Additional 1981 Sales 
 Contract cargoes
Term:  1990 - 2003         169       5/2        58/17    $2.26    $2.37
                        

Package IV - 27.2%  (c)
Train F LNG Sales 
  Contract              2,389          -       812/222       -    $2.24
Term:  1994 - 2013

Korea II LNG Sales 
  Contract               1,130         -       384/104       -    $2.25
Term:  1994 - 2014

Other LNG Sales Contracts
Terms:  Various ranging 
 from 1990 - 2015          986      50/14      718/91     $2.30    $2.42


    Totals               8,563     216/127   3,264/1,186
                        

(a) Excludes transportation costs.

(b) The gross amounts represent the LNG Plant's deliveries, the net amounts represent the
    Joint Venture's equity in such deliveries.

(c) In early January of 1994, Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers reached final
    agreement on Package IV revenue sharing percentages  with the Joint Venture's
    interest being 27.2064 percent.  Included in 1993 are 1.9 net equivalent cargoes
    which represent the adjustment from the interim revenue sharing percentage of 25
    percent to the final Joint Venture share for all Package IV deliveries prior to
    December 31, 1993.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
    Commencing in 1994, LNG is primarily sold under five long-
term sales contracts between Pertamina and buyers in Japan,
Taiwan and Korea.  These contracts are the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract (Package I), the 1981 LNG Sales Contract (Package II),
the Taiwan LNG Sales Contract (included in Package IIIB), the
Train F LNG Sales Contract and the Korea II LNG Sales Contract
(both included in Package IV).  The gas processed by the LNG
Plant is supplied from the Joint Venture's contract area as well
as other fields in which the Joint Venture has no interest.

    LNG sales contracts and amendments thereto are executed
between Pertamina and the buyers for the sale and delivery of a
fixed quantity of BTUs of LNG at a price that reflects an LNG
element derived from a basket of Indonesian crude oil prices that
is recalculated monthly.  A transportation charge is added to the
LNG element under all contracts except for Package II where the
buyers bear the risk of loss and the transportation costs.  In
those instances when the seller bears the risk of loss during
shipment, the cargoes are insured.  The buyers also bear the risk
of loss and transportation costs for cargoes under the Train F
LNG Sales Contract (included in Package IV), which commenced
deliveries in early 1994.

    The LNG to be delivered under the sales contracts is
supplied from the LNG Plant and from a separate facility at Arun
in Sumatra (Arun Plant).  The Joint Venture does not supply gas
to the Arun Plant or have any interest in revenues from the sale
of its product.  The allocation of contract quantities between
the LNG Plant and the Arun Plant is determined by Pertamina. 
Presently, all deliveries under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract
(Package II), the Taiwan LNG Sales Contract (included in Package
IIIB) and the Train F LNG Sales Contract (included in Package IV)
are exclusively supplied by the LNG Plant.

    The Joint Venture and other gas producers in this area have
the opportunity to participate in each sales package.  The Joint
Venture's equity interest in a sales package is based on its
share of gas reserves available for commitment to the package and
represents the percentage of gross revenues attributable to the
Joint Venture before deducting plant operating costs and debt
service.

    In January of 1990, certain of the buyers under the 1973
Sales Contract agreed to increase their purchased commitments
during the years 1997 through 1999 by approximately 667 trillion
BTUs.  The LNG Plant will provide 67.1 percent of the additional
quantities and the Arun Plant the remainder.  The Joint Venture's
participation percentage for these quantities was finalized at
27.2064 percent in early January of 1994 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers.

    In October of 1990, Pertamina signed an LNG sales contract
with Osaka Gas, Tokyo Gas, and Toho Gas (Train F LNG Sales
Contract) for the sale of at least 2,020 trillion BTUs over a
twenty-year period commencing in January 1994.  

    In May of 1991, Pertamina signed an LNG sales contract with
Korea Gas Corporation for the sale of at least 2,044 trillion
BTUs over a twenty-year period commencing in July 1994, at a
price similar to the LNG element of the 1973 LNG Sales Contract. 
The LNG Plant will provide 50 percent and the Arun Plant 50
percent of the LNG requirements for the contract.  In August of
1991, Pertamina signed a contract with Tokyo Gas for delivery of
six cargoes from the LNG Plant over two years commencing in 1992. 
Three of the six cargoes were delivered in 1992 and the remaining
three were delivered in 1993.  The contract price is similar to
the 1973 LNG Sales Contract price.  The Joint Venture's
participation percentage for these contracts was finalized at
27.2064 percent in early January of 1994 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers.

    In October and November of 1991, Pertamina signed agreements
with Osaka Gas and Toho Gas to increase deliveries in 1992 and
1993 by 69 cargoes, of which 51 cargoes would be shipped from the
LNG Plant.  Of the cargoes to be supplied by the LNG Plant, 25
were shipped in 1992 and the remaining 26 were shipped in 1993. 
These contracts were split between Package III and Package IV
sharing percentages.

    In December of 1991, Pertamina entered into an LNG sales
contract with several Japanese buyers (the Medium City Gas
Companies) for the sale of 358 trillion BTUs over a twenty-year
period commencing in 1996.  The LNG Plant will provide 50 percent
of the LNG requirements for the contract.  The Joint Venture's
participation percentage for this contract was finalized at
27.2064 percent in early January of 1994 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers.

    As a result of the sales agreements entered into by
Pertamina and expected spot sales, the Company anticipates that
the Joint Venture will ship approximately 135 net equivalent
cargoes in 1994.

    Other Gas Sales - The Joint Venture is also obligated to
supply approximately 74 MMCF per day of gas to three local
fertilizer plants at a price of $1.00 per MMBTU subject to a
pipeline tariff.  In addition, the Joint Venture is required to
supply approximately 5 MMCF per day of gas to the Balikpapan
refinery at a price of $1.49 per MMBTU.

Marketing and Distribution of LPG

    Pertamina has individual sales contracts with seven Japanese
utility companies for the sale and delivery of 1,950,000 metric
tons per year of LPG through the year 1998, of which 315,000
metric tons, subject to Pertamina's right to increase or decrease
such amount, will be produced by the LPG facilities at the LNG
Plant.  In 1993, 23 cargoes, including spot sales, totaling
453,000 metric tons were shipped to Japan.  The first 285,000
metric tons of LPG sold under the contract were sold at the
weighted average price for all LPG imported into Japan, except
Indonesia and Abu Dhabi, plus $3 per ton.  The next 168,000
metric tons of LPG were sold at the aforementioned price plus a
premium of $20 to $22 per metric ton.  The LPG is extracted from
the LNG stream and stored at facilities at the LNG Plant.  Based
on dedicated reserves, the Joint Venture is allocated 29.6
percent of the revenues from the first 385,000 metric tons sold
and 27.2 percent for sales in excess of 385,000 metric tons per
year, after deducting LPG-related operating costs and debt
service.

Marketing of Oil and Condensate

    Each party to the Joint Venture and Pertamina are entitled
to take their respective shares of oil and condensate in kind and
to market such shares separately.  The Company, through
affiliates of Ultrastar and Unistar, markets its share of oil and
condensate f.o.b. Santan Terminal, in East Kalimantan,
independently of Pertamina and the other Joint Venture
participants.  The Santan Terminal (operated by UNOCAL Indonesia
Ltd.) is used for storing and loading oil produced by the Joint
Venture.

    The Company's percentage share of the Joint Venture's oil
and condensate, except for that sold to Pertamina for Indonesian
domestic consumption, is sold at ICP.  Prior to July 1, 1993, the
price for crude and condensate sales reflected world market
conditions at the time of sale.  The sales price for the domestic
market consumption is $0.20 per barrel with respect to fields
commencing production prior to February 23, 1989.  For fields
commencing production after that date, domestic market
consumption is priced at 10 percent of the weighted average price
of crude oil sold from such fields.  However, for the first sixty
consecutive months of production from new fields, domestic market
consumption is priced at ICP. 

    Substantially all of the oil and condensate currently being
produced by the Joint Venture from the PSC contract area is being
produced from the Badak, Nilam, Mutiara and Semberah fields.  The
Company's average sales prices and production (lifting) costs for
1991 through 1993 are:

                                  Years ended December 31,
                               1993          1992          1991
                                           
                                     
Total Oil and 
  Condensate Sales 
  (barrels) (a)            20,905,232   18,633,441   15,089,945

Company's Net Share
 (barrel equivalency) (a)   1,928,005    1,804,511    1,337,349

Average Sale Price - f.o.b.
 Indonesia (per barrel) (b)    $18.31       $20.65       $20.59

Average Production (Lifting) 
  Cost (per barrel)             $0.77       $ 0.80       $ 0.84

(a) The total oil and condensate sales include production
    attributable to other contractors' shares of unitized
    operations in the Badak and Nilam fields.  See "Exploration
    and Development."  The net share figures shown above have
    been calculated by dividing the Company's total oil revenues
    for each year by the average price per barrel received for
    sale of oil during such year.  The result represents the
    barrel equivalent of the Company's oil revenues.

(b) Excludes domestic consumption sales.  Also excluded are
    gains or losses incurred on the sale of the Company's share
    of oil, which resulted in marketing gains/(losses) of
    $(0.32), $(0.02) and $0.07 per barrel in 1993, 1992 and
    1991, respectively.  Effective July 1, 1993, the Company is
    no longer exposed to marketing gains/(losses) incurred on
    the sale of its share of oil and condensate.

    The Joint Venture's sales of oil and condensate averaged
approximately 48,600 barrels per day (BOPD) during 1993, compared
to approximately 42,700 BOPD during 1992.

Competition and Risks

    Indonesian oil competes in the world market with oil
produced from other nations.  Indonesia is a member of OPEC, and
any OPEC-imposed restrictions on oil or LNG exports in which
Indonesia participates could have a material adverse effect on
the Company. 

    In addition to the LNG being sold from the Arun Plant, LNG
plants in the Middle East, Australia, Malaysia, or elsewhere may
provide competition for sales of any additional Joint Venture LNG
to Japanese and other markets, beyond the amount under current
contracts.

    The Joint Venture's activities in Indonesia are subject to
risks common to foreign operations in the oil and gas industry, 
including political and economic uncertainties, the risks of
cancellation or unilateral modification of contract rights,
operating restrictions, currency repatriation restrictions,
expropriation, export restrictions, increased taxes and other
risks arising out of foreign governmental sovereignty over areas
in which the Joint Venture's operations are conducted.  The
Company's foreign operations and investment may also be subject
to the laws and policies of the U. S. affecting foreign trade,
investment and taxation that could affect the conduct and
profitability of those operations.

    All of the Company's oil and gas activities are subject to
the risks normally incident to exploration for and production of
oil and gas, including blowouts, cratering and fires, each of
which could result in damage to life and property.  Production
from the LNG Plant, which is the source of most of the Company's
revenues, is subject to the risks associated with maintaining and
operating a complex, technologically intensive processing plant,
including the risks of equipment failures, fire and explosion. 
To the extent that the seller of the LNG produced by the LNG
Plant bears the risk of loss of cargoes, the seller is subject to
the usual risks of maritime transportation, including adverse
incidents arising from loading and unloading cargoes.  In
accordance with customary industry practices, the Company carries
insurance against some, but not all, of these risks.  Losses and
liabilities arising from such events would reduce revenues and
increase costs of the Company to the extent not covered by
insurance.

Item 2. Properties

    See Item 1. Business.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

    The Company has pending litigation arising in the ordinary
course of its business.  However, none of the litigation is
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    None.


                                  PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Shareholder
Matters

Refer to Item 12 for a description of the Registrant's Equity.

Refer to Item 1 for a description of the Indonesian Participating
Units.


Item 6. Selected Financial Data

    The following financial data was derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company and should be
read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere herein.

                          1993    1992     1991   1990    1989
                                  (millions of dollars)

Operating revenues        $201    $206     $208   $203    $146

Earnings (loss) from
 continuing operations      30      24       18      7     (15)

Net earnings                30      24       18     11      11 

Total assets               449     472      500    519     608

Debt and security 
  subject to 
  mandatory redemption      33      32       31     50     111

See Note 2(e) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations

Liquidity and Capital Resources

    Cash flow from operations amounted to $81.5 million in 1993,
compared to 1992 cash flow of $93.4 million.  Capital
expenditures of $40.1 million were primarily spent on continued
development drilling in the Badak, Nilam, Mutiara and Semberah
fields as was the case in 1992.  Net capital distributions in
1993 to the partners from the Company were $41.1 million (1992,
$58.2 million).

    On January 5, 1994, the Company redeemed its 8-1/4 percent
convertible subordinated guaranteed debentures, originally due in
1995, in the amount of $36.4 million at a loss of $3.1 million. 
The redemption was funded through contributions from the partners
of the Company. 

    The Company's ability to generate cash is primarily
dependent on the prices it receives for the sale of LNG, and to a
lesser extent, the sale of crude oil and LPG.  In the event cash
generated from operations is not sufficient to meet capital
investment and other requirements, any shortfall will be funded
through additional cash contributions by the partners.  The
Company cannot predict with any degree of certainty the prices it
will receive in 1994 and future years for its crude oil and LNG. 
The Company's financial condition, operating results and
liquidity will be materially affected by any significant
fluctuations in sales prices.  

    LNG sales are made under five principal long-term contracts
and several short- and medium-term contracts with Japanese,
Korean and Taiwanese industrial and utility companies.  Sales
pursuant to the fourth long-term contract (Train F LNG Sales
Contract) commenced in the first quarter of 1994; sales under the
fifth long- term contract will commence in July 1994.  The long-
term contracts contain take-or-pay provisions that generally
require that the purchasers either take the contracted quantities
or pay for such quantities if not taken; such provisions tend to
support the Company's ability to generate cash.  During 1993, 127
net equivalent cargoes were shipped, of which 107 were under
these long-term contracts.  In 1994, the Company anticipates
shipping approximately 135 net equivalent cargoes.

    The sixth processing train (Train F) was completed in
November 1993 and will supply the LNG required for the fourth
long-term LNG sales contract signed in October 1990 with Osaka
Gas, Tokyo Gas and Toho Gas for the sale of at least 2,020
trillion BTUs over a twenty-year period commencing in 1994.

    In January of 1990, certain of the buyers under the 1973
Sales Contract agreed to increase their purchased commitments
during the years 1997 through 1999 by approximately 667 trillion
BTUs.  The LNG Plant will provide 67.1 percent of the additional
quantities and the Arun Plant the remainder.

    In May of 1991, Pertamina signed an LNG sales contract with
Korea Gas Corporation for the sale of at least 2,044 trillion
BTUs over a twenty-year period commencing in July 1994, at a
price similar to the LNG element of the 1973 LNG Sales Contract. 
The LNG Plant will provide 50 percent and the Arun Plant 50
percent of the LNG requirements for the contract.

    In December of 1991, Pertamina entered into an LNG sales
contract with several Japanese buyers (the Medium City Gas
Companies) for the sale of 358 trillion BTUs over a twenty-year
period commencing in 1996.  The LNG Plant will provide 50 percent
of the LNG requirements for the contract.

    The debottlenecking of Trains A through D was completed in
1993.  Capacity tests on all four trains exceeded design rates
such that the four trains are now capable of LNG production rates
comparable to the recently completed Train F, an increase of 14
percent or 22 cargoes in total.

    The Company's operating and capital expenditures are
directed toward the Joint Venture.  Capital expenditures of the
Joint Venture relate to the exploration and development of the
oil and gas fields.  In 1994, the Company's share of the Joint
Venture expenditures is expected to total $56 million, including
$3 million of exploration expenditures and $35 million of
development expenditures.  The 1994 budgeted expenditures
primarily reflect continued development drilling required to
maintain gas deliverability.

    The Company can give no assurance as to the future trend of
its business and earnings, or as to future events and
developments that could affect the Company in particular or the
oil industry in general.  These include such matters as
environmental quality control standards, new discoveries of
hydrocarbons and the demand for petroleum products.  Furthermore,
the Company's business could be profoundly affected by future
events including price changes or controls, payment delays,
increased expenditures, legislation and regulations affecting the
Company's business, expropriation of assets, renegotiation of
contracts with foreign governments, political instability,
currency exchange and repatriation losses, taxes, litigation, the
competitive environment and international economic and political
developments including actions of members of the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).

    The Company's revenues are predominately based on the market
price of crude oil, which is denominated in U. S. dollars. 
Certain operating costs, taxes and capital costs represent
commitments settled in foreign currency.  Currency exchange rate
fluctuations on transactions in currencies other than U. S.
dollars are recognized as adjustments to the U. S. dollar cost of
the transaction.

    The Company is unaware of any unrecorded environmental
claims as at December 31, 1993 which would have a material impact
upon the Company's financial condition or operations.

Results of Operations

1993 Compared to 1992

    Net earnings for the year 1993 were $30.5 million as
compared to $23.7 million in 1992.  Cash flow from operations for
1993 was $81.5 million (1992, $93.4 million).

    Oil and gas production revenues for 1993 were $200.6
million, or lower by $5.3 million when compared to 1992 revenues
of $205.9 million.  The increase in the Joint Venture's share of
delivered LNG sales volumes was not sufficient to offset a
decline in the average LNG sales price.  The quantity of LNG
delivered from the LNG Plant was 621 trillion BTU's (216 cargoes)
in 1993 as compared to 606 trillion BTU's (211 cargoes) in 1992. 
The Joint Venture's interest in the LNG delivered was 369
trillion BTU's (127 net equivalent cargoes) in 1993 as compared
to 363 trillion BTU's (124 net equivalent cargoes) in 1992.  The
average LNG sales price, excluding transportation charges,
declined to $2.82 per million BTU's in 1993 as compared to $3.00
per million BTU's in 1992.  Crude oil sales volumes of 1.93
million barrels were higher by 7 percent in 1993 as compared to
1992's 1.8 million barrels, while the average crude oil realized
sales price of $17.99 per barrel was lower than 1992 by $2.64 per
barrel.

    Production costs of $18.8 million were lower than 1992 costs
by about $6.8 million.  This improvement in production costs was
caused by a provision included in 1992 related to the Company's
prior years' windfall profits tax liability.  After a re-
evaluation of the ultimate exposure on this tax liability, the
Company has reversed $3.5 million as being no longer required. 
At the same time, the Company has provided an offsetting amount
for the potential exposure in a royalty dispute.

    Depletion , depreciation and amortization of $52.7 million
was lower than 1992 by $4.6 million primarily as a result of a
lower depletion rate associated with the increase in proved
reserves that more than offset the higher level of LNG volumes
delivered.

    Exploration costs, including dry holes, of $4.9 million were
lower than 1992 by $4.2 million due to a lower level of seismic
and dry hole costs.

    General and administrative expenses of $1.8 million were
$1.0 million lower than last year's $2.8 million due to the
absence of certain non-recurring charges.  Both interest expense
and interest income were in line with last year's results.  Other
income in 1992 included a non-recurring benefit due to the
favorable disposition of a legal action.

    The effective tax rates for 1993 and 1992 were 74 percent
and 78 percent respectively.  These rates were the aggregate of
Indonesian source income taxed at a 56 percent rate, and certain
expenses attributable to the Unimar activities which are not
deductible in the partnership.

1992 Compared to 1991

    Net earnings for 1992 were $23.7 million as compared to
$18.3 million in 1991.  Revenues of $205.9 million in 1992 were
lower by $1.9 million when compared to last year as an increase
in the Joint Venture's share of delivered LNG volumes was not
sufficient to offset a decline in the average LNG price.  The
quantity of LNG delivered from the LNG Plant increased to 606
trillion BTUs (211 cargoes) in 1992 from 564 trillion BTUs (197
cargoes) in 1991.  The Joint Venture's interest in the LNG
delivered was 363 trillion BTUs (126 net equivalent cargoes) in
1992 as compared to 354 trillion BTUs (123 net equivalent
cargoes) in 1991.  The average unit LNG price, excluding delivery
charges, declined to $3.00 per million BTUs in 1992 from $3.16
per million BTUs in 1991.  The average realized crude oil price
decreased slightly to $20.63 per barrel in 1992 from $20.64 per
barrel in 1991, while crude oil sales volumes increased 36
percent to 1.8 million barrels.
    
    Production costs of $25.6 million increased $5.0 million and
included an amount related to a proposed adjustment by the U. S.
federal tax authorities relating to the Company's prior years'
windfall profit tax liability.

    Depletion, depreciation and amortization of $57.3 million
declined $4.2 million principally as a result of a lower
depletion rate associated with an increase in proved developed
reserves that more than offset the impact of the higher level of
volumes delivered.

    Exploration costs of $9.1 million decreased $0.6 million
over last year's costs.

    General and administrative expenses of $2.8 million were
$0.3 million lower than last year's level.  Interest expense of
$4.7 million declined $5.0 million primarily as a result of the
payoff of an Indonesian Production Payment bank loan in 1991. 
Interest income of $0.6 million was $0.7 million lower than 1991
primarily as a result of declining interest rates on short-term
deposits.

    Other income of $1.2 million in 1992 principally represented
the reversal of a provision due to a favorable disposition of
certain legal action.  In 1991, other (expense) of $0.9 million
was mainly a provision for residual domestic operations costs.

    The effective tax rates relating to continuing operations
for the 1992 and 1991 periods were 78 percent and 82 percent
respectively.  These rates were the aggregate of Indonesian
source income taxed at a 56 percent rate and certain expenses
attributable to Unimar activities not deductible in the
partnership.  The decrease in the effective rate is principally
the result of decreased non-deductible interest expense.

    In 1992, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". 
The effect of adopting Statement 109 was to decrease net income
by $0.3 million and $2.6 million for the years ended December 31,
1991 and 1990 respectively.  Refer to Note 2(e) of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the
effects of this adoption.

    In 1992, the Company adopted FASB Statement No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than
Pensions".  The effect of adopting the new rules did not
significantly impact the Company's profits.  Postretirement
benefit costs for 1991 and 1990, which were recorded on a cash
basis, have not been restated.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


To The Partners of 
Unimar Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Unimar Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992,
and the related consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows
and partners' capital for each of the three years in the period
ending December 31, 1993.  Our audits also included the financial
statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14(a).  These
financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As more fully described in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has material transactions with
its partners and affiliates.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Unimar Company and subsidiaries at December
31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the
related financial statement schedules, when considered in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly in all material respects the information set forth
therein.







Houston, Texas
February 28, 1994<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                  UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                     Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                     December 31, 1993 and 1992
                                       (Thousands of dollars)

<CAPTION>
                                                  1993      1992
                                                         
<S>                                               
ASSETS
Current assets:                                <C>       <C>
  Cash and cash equivalents                    $  8,284  $  6,461
  Accounts and notes receivable                  11,604    15,931
  Inventories                                    10,886    15,143
  Other current assets                            2,381     1,051

    Total current assets                         33,155    38,586

Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
  Oil and gas properties 
   (successful efforts method)                  991,901   955,299
  Other                                           3,283     3,431
                                                995,184   958,730

  Less: accumulated depreciation and depletion  580,807   528,043
        Net property, plant and equipment       414,377   430,687

Other assets                                      1,252     2,421

                                               $448,784  $471,694

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL
Current liabilities:
  Current maturities of long term debt         $ 33,292  $      -
  Accounts payable                                3,229     9,265
  Advances from joint venture partners            3,589     2,063
  Accrued liabilities                             9,314    14,035
  Income and other taxes                         19,280    22,921
    Total current liabilities                    68,704    48,284

Long-term debt                                        -    31,818
Deferred income taxes                           167,206   170,371
Other liabilities                                10,048     7,642

Partners' capital                               282,826   293,579
  Less: demand notes receivable                  80,000    80,000
                                                202,826   213,579

                                               $448,784  $471,694

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>

                                  UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 Consolidated Statement of Earnings
                            Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                                       (Thousands of dollars)
<CAPTION>

                                       1993      1992      1991
                                                         
<S>                                   <C>      <C>      <C>
Oil and gas production revenues       $200,588 $205,897 $207,846

Production costs                        18,751   25,600   20,557
Depletion, depreciation and 
  amortization                          52,710   57,275   61,491
Exploration costs including dry holes    4,947    9,066    9,634

Operating profit                       124,180  113,956  116,164


General and administrative 
  expenses                              (1,778)  (2,819)  (3,143)
Interest expense                        (4,542)  (4,701)  (9,707)
Interest income                            309      605    1,330
Other income (expense)                      18    1,236     (915)


Earnings before income taxes           118,187  108,277  103,729


Income tax expense (benefit)
  Current                               90,876   90,121   91,074
  Deferred                              (3,164)  (5,520)  (5,599)
                                        87,712   84,601   85,475


Net earnings                          $ 30,475 $ 23,676 $ 18,254


See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                    UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                             Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                                        (Thousands of dollars)

<CAPTION>
                                        1993     1992    1991
                                                     
<S>                                   <C>      <C>        <C>
Net earnings                          $ 30,475  $ 23,676  $ 18,254 
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash
 provided by operating activities:
 Depletion, depreciation and 
     amortization                       53,087    57,622    61,805
 Deferred income taxes                  (3,164)   (5,520)   (5,599)
 Exploratory dry hole costs              3,365     6,444     9,201
 Interest accretion                      1,473     1,294     1,130
 LNG price refund                            -         -      (212)
 (Increase) Decrease in operating 
  receivables                            4,327    (6,153)    3,756 
 (Increase) Decrease in inventories      4,257     4,372    (4,368)
 Increase (Decrease) in operating 
    payables and accruals              (14,526)   10,880   (13,525)
 Increase in other operating assets 
    and liabilities                      2,245       789       854 
 Other                                       -         -       (32)

Net cash provided by operating 
  activities                            81,539    93,404     71,264

Investment activities:
 Capital expenditures                  (40,142)  (39,217)  (55,849)
 
Net cash used in investing activities  (40,142)  (39,217)  (55,849)

Financing activities:
 Capital contributions (distributions) - 
     net                               (41,100)  (58,240)   62,110
 Debt repaid                                 -         -   (78,925)
 Redemption of ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc.
   participating preferred stock             -         -    (1,375)

Net cash used in financing activities  (41,100)  (58,240)  (18,190)

Increase (Decrease) in advances from 
  joint venture partners                 1,526       165    (3,268)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and
 cash equivalents                        1,823    (3,888)   (6,043)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
 of year                                 6,461    10,349    16,392

Cash and cash equivalents at end 
   of year                            $  8,284  $  6,461  $ 10,349

IPU distributions paid                $ 17,569  $ 17,352  $ 19,139

Interest paid                         $  3,072  $  3,405  $  7,613

Income taxes paid                     $ 88,787  $ 83,473  $ 98,015


See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                  UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      Consolidated  Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital
                            Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                                       (Thousands of dollars)
<CAPTION>

                               Ultrastar   Unistar,
                                  Inc.       Inc.        Total  

<S>                            <C>         <C>         <C>

Balance, January 1, 1991       $117,773    $129,032    $246,805

Contributions                    33,055      33,055      66,110

Cash distributions               (2,000)     (2,000)     (4,000)

Redemption of subsidiary's
  preferred stock                 1,253       1,254       2,507

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                       (658)       (659)     (1,317)

Net earnings                      9,127       9,127      18,254

Balance, December 31, 1991      158,550     169,809     328,359

Contributions                     7,480       7,480      14,960

Cash distributions              (36,600)    (36,600)    (73,200)

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                       (108)       (108)       (216)

Net earnings                     11,838      11,838      23,676

Balance, December 31, 1992      141,160     152,419     293,579

Contributions                    13,550      13,550      27,100

Cash distributions              (34,100)    (34,100)    (68,200)

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                        (64)        (64)       (128)

Net earnings                     15,238      15,238      30,476

Balance, December 31, 1993     $135,784    $147,043    $282,827


See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

/TABLE
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(1) THE COMPANY

    Unimar Company (the Company) is a general partnership
    organized under the Texas Uniform Partnership Act, whose
    partners are Unistar, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a
    direct subsidiary of Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.
    (UTPH), a Delaware corporation, and LASMO (Ustar), Inc.
    (Ultrastar), a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-
    owned subsidiary of LASMO plc (LASMO), a public limited
    company organized under the laws of England.  Each partner
    shares equally in the Company's net earnings, distributions
    and capital contributions.

    
(2) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)  Basis of Presentation

         The Company's consolidated financial statements include
         the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
         including its proportionate share of the activities of
         an Indonesian joint venture (the Joint Venture).  All
         significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
         been eliminated.

    (b)  Inventories

         Inventories primarily consist of materials and supplies
         and are generally priced at the lower of cost (moving
         average cost method) or net realizable value.

    (c)  Accounting for Oil and Gas Properties

         Oil and gas exploration, development and production
         activities are accounted for by the successful efforts
         method of accounting.  Under this method of accounting,
         the cost of acquiring undeveloped oil and gas leasehold
         acreage, including lease bonuses, brokers' fees and
         other related costs are capitalized.  Provisions for
         impairment of undeveloped oil and gas leases are based
         on periodic evaluation and exploratory experience. 
         Costs to drill and equip exploratory wells that find
         proved reserves are capitalized while costs associated
         with unsuccessful exploratory wells are expensed. 
         Other exploratory expenditures, including geological
         and geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are
         expensed as incurred. Costs incurred to drill and equip
         productive wells, including development dry holes and
         related production facilities are capitalized.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    (c)  Accounting for Oil and Gas Properties (continued)

         Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of successful
         oil and gas exploration wells and all development costs
         are determined under the unit-of-production method
         based on estimated recoverable proved developed
         reserves.  Leasehold costs of producing properties are
         depleted on the unit-of-production method based on
         estimated proved developed and undeveloped reserves.

         The Company generally provides for depreciation of
         other property, plant and equipment on a straight-line
         method over the estimated useful life of the assets. 
         The range of rates used to calculate depreciation is 2-
         1/2 percent to 11 percent on buildings and 3 percent to
         33-1/3 percent for other property items.

    (d)  LNG Revenue Recognition

         The Company recognizes its share of liquefied natural
         gas (LNG) revenues net of Pertamina's plant operating
         costs, transportation charges and project debt service.

    (e)  Income and Other Taxes

         The Company is a partnership and, therefore, does not
         pay income taxes. Since the Company's subsidiaries are
         corporations, income taxes included in the accompanying
         financial statements represent the domestic and foreign
         taxes applicable to such entities.

         The Company's subsidiary, ENSTAR Corporation (ENSTAR),
         and its subsidiaries file a consolidated Federal
         corporate income tax return.

         Certain income and expense items are recorded during
         different periods for financial statement and income
         tax purposes.  Deferred income taxes are provided for
         these differences.


                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    (e)  Income and Other Taxes (continued)

                   The Company follows the Statement of Financial
                   Accounting Standards No. 109 (Statement 109),
                   "Accounting for Income Taxes."  Under Statement 109,
                   the liability method is used in accounting for income
                   taxes.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and
                   liabilities are determined based on differences between
                   financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
                   liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax
                   rates and laws that will be in effect when the
                   differences are expected to reverse.  An impairment
                   evaluation, with reserves recorded as necessary for any
                   tax benefit not expected to be realized, is required of
                   deferred tax assets.  A current tax expense or benefit
                   is recognized for estimated taxes payable or refundable
                   on tax returns for the current year.

    (f)  Concentrations of Credit Risk

         Financial instruments which may subject the Company to
         concentrations of credit risk consist principally of
         short-term investments and trade receivables.  The
         Company's excess cash is invested in time deposits with
         major banks.  Thesedeposi ts are purchased at a
         maturity of three months or less, and have minimal
         risk.       

         The Company's receivables consist primarily of the
         revenues derived from the sale of LNG under long-term
         contracts with utility and industrial companies in
         Japan, Taiwan and Korea.  The buyers of the LNG make
         payment in United States dollars to a U.S. bank as
         trustee for the Joint Venture and other parties.  The
         trustee, after deducting plant operating costs,
         transportation charges and project debt service from
         the gross LNG sales proceeds, distributes the net
         proceeds to the Joint Venture participants and other
         parties.  The Company's trade receivables at December
         31, 1993 result principally from sales of LNG and oil
         and are considered current and collectible, and
         collateral is not required to secure such receivables.


                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


    (g)  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

         The Company has various types of financial instruments
         consisting of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
         receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. 
         The carrying amount approximates fair value because of
         the short maturity of these instruments.

    (h)  Foreign Currency

         The functional currency for translating the accounts of
         foreign subsidiaries is the U. S. dollar.  Transaction
         gains and losses resulting from the effect of exchange
         rate fluctuations on transactions in currencies other
         than the functional currency are included in the
         determination of net income.

(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES 

    The Company, through its subsidiaries, has a 23.125 percent
    interest in, and is the operator of, the Joint Venture that
    has certain oil and gas exploration and production rights in
    Indonesia through a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) which
    was amended and extended in 1990 until August 7, 2018 with
    Pertamina, the state petroleum enterprise of the Republic of
    Indonesia.

    Virginia Indonesia Company (VICO), a subsidiary of the
    Company, is the operator of the Joint Venture and is
    responsible for conducting exploration and development
    activities within the PSC area.  The cost of such activities
    is funded by the Joint Venture partners to VICO.  In
    addition to operating management responsibility, the
    operator acts as a custodian of Joint Venture cash received
    from its partners until disbursed in payment of operating
    and capital expenditures.  At December 31, 1993 and 1992,
    cash and cash equivalents included $3,589 and $2,063,
    respectively, advanced from the other Joint Venture
    partners.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (continued) 
    
    In addition, other subsidiaries of UTPH and LASMO each own a
    26.25 percent interest in the Joint Venture.  The PSC
    permits the Joint Venture to recover their costs of
    exploration, development and production - including general
    and administrative expenses - from oil and gas revenues as
    follows: capital costs are based on recoverable double-
    declining balance depreciation over various useful lives,
    which average fourteen years; non-capital costs are
    recovered in the year incurred.  The Joint Venture, and thus
    the Company, has no ownership interest in oil and gas
    reserves but rather receives revenues from the sale of oil,
    condensate, LPG and LNG in accordance with the PSC.  The
    Joint Venture is required to sell out of its share of
    production 8.5 percent (7.2 percent after August 7, 1998) of
    the total oil and gas condensate production from the
    contract area for Indonesian domestic consumption.   Such
    amounts were purchased for domestic use in 1993, 1992 and
    1991.  The sales price for the domestic market consumption
    is $0.20 per barrel with respect to fields commencing
    production prior to February 23, 1989.  For fields
    commencing production after that date, domestic market
    consumption is priced at 10 percent of the weighted average
    price of crude oil sold from such fields.  However, for the
    first sixty consecutive months of production from new
    fields, domestic market consumption is priced at the
    official Indonesian crude price.  The Semberah field which
    commenced production in December 1991 is exempt from the
    domestic obligation pricing until December 1996.  In
    addition, the share of revenues from the sale of gas after
    cost recovery through August 7, 1998, will remain at 35
    percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian income taxes
    and 65 percent to Pertamina.  The split after August 7,
    1998, will be 25 percent to the Joint Venture after
    Indonesian income taxes and 75 percent to Pertamina for gas
    sales under the 1973 and 1981 LNG Sales Contracts, Korean
    carryover quantities and seven 1986 LPG Sales Contracts to
    the extent that the gas to fulfill these contracts is
    supplied from the Badak or Nilam fields; after August 7,
    1998, all other LNG sales contract revenues will be split 30
    percent after Indonesian income taxes to the Joint Venture
    and 70 percent to Pertamina.  Based on current and projected
    oil production, the revenue split from oil sales after cost
    recovery through August 7, 2018, will remain at 15 percent
    to the Joint Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 85
    percent to Pertamina.  These revenue splits are based on
    Indonesian income taxes of 56 percent through August 7,
    1998, and 48 percent thereafter.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (continued)

    Pertamina currently sells liquefied natural gas to Japanese,
    Korean and Taiwanese utility and industrial customers
    primarily under five long-term contracts that expire in
    1999, 2003, 2009, 2013 and 2014, respectively.  Contracted
    sales of LNG to these customers approximated 73 percent, 75
    percent, and 74 percent of the Company's revenues in 1993,
    1992 and 1991, respectively.

    Pertamina began deliveries of gas in the first quarter of
    1994, under the terms of a new twenty-year gas contract with
    certain Japanese buyers.  The contract calls for delivery of
    at least 2,020 trillion BTUs which will settle among the
    East Kalimantan producers as a Package IV contract.  During
    1994, the Company expects the Joint Venture to deliver
    approximately 106 trillion BTUs in 36 cargoes or 9.8 net
    equivalent cargoes.

    Pertamina will begin deliveries of gas in July 1994, under
    the terms of a new twenty-year gas contract with Korea Gas
    Corporation.  The contract calls for delivery of at least
    2,044 trillion BTUs of which the Bontang LNG Plant will
    supply 50 percent of the contracted volumes and will settle
    among the East Kalimantan producers as a Package IV
    contract.  During 1994, the Company expects the Joint
    Venture to deliver approximately 56 trillion BTUs in 19
    cargoes or 5.2 net equivalent cargoes.


(4) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

    At December 31, 1993 and 1992, cash and cash equivalents
    includes short-term deposits and highly liquid debt
    instruments, purchased at a maturity with three months or
    less, of $8,284 and $6,461, respectively.

<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(5) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Property, plant and equipment is as follows:

                                              1993      1992  
                                                    

    Oil and gas producing properties
      Proved properties                     $991,447  $954,055
      Uncompleted wells in progress              454     1,244
                                             991,901   955,299
    Less: Accumulated depletion              579,860   527,150
                                             412,041   428,149

    Other, net of accumulated depreciation
     of $947 in 1993 and $893 in 1992          2,336     2,538

                                            $414,377  $430,687

    


(6) ACCRUED LIABILITIES

    As at December 31, 1993 and 1992, accrued liabilities
    consisted of:

                                                1993      1992

    Accrued IPU liability                    $ 4,804   $ 5,219
    Indonesian operating accruals              2,358     7,148
    Other                                      2,152     1,668
    
                                             $ 9,314   $14,035

    
(7) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES

    At December 31, 1993, the Company had investment tax credit
    carryovers of $3,524 that expire in 1995 through 2001, net
    foreign tax credit carryovers of $22,985 for regular tax
    purposes expiring in 1998 and $106,481 for alternative
    minimum tax purposes expiring in 1998.  The Company has a
    minimum tax credit of $12,938 that carries forward
    indefinitely.  Deferred tax assets of $22,985 and $19,674
    for foreign tax credit carryforwards and $3,524 and $3,800
    for investment tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 1993
    and 1992, respectively, have been offset by a valuation
    allowance. 

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(7) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES (continued)

    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of
    temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
    and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
    amounts used for income tax purposes.  Significant
    components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and
    assets as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows:

                                              1993      1992  
                                                              
    Deferred tax liabilities:

     Oil and gas proven property costs 
      capitalized for financial purposes
      and deducted for foreign taxes        $167,206  $170,371



    For financial reporting purposes, income before income taxes
    includes the following components:

                                    1993      1992      1991
                                                       
    Pretax income:
      U. S.                       $ (7,026) $(12,089)  $ (7,083)
      Foreign                      125,213   120,366    110,812

                                  $118,187  $108,277   $103,729


    Significant components of the provision for income taxes
    attributable to continuing operations are as follows:

                                    1993      1992     1991
                                                      
       Current:
         Federal                  $ 2,446   $ 2,942  $ 2,600
         Foreign                   88,430    87,179   88,474
                                  $90,876   $90,121  $91,074

       Deferred:
         Federal                  $     -   $     -  $     -
         Foreign                   (3,164)   (5,520)  (5,599)
                                  $(3,164)  $(5,520) $(5,599)



                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(7) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES (continued)
         
    The reconciliation of income tax attributable to continuing
    operations computed at the U.S. federal statutory rates to
    income tax expense is:

                                    1993        1992      1991
                                                      

      Tax at U.S. Statutory Rate   35.0%       34.0%     34.0%

      Foreign statutory tax rate 
       in excess of federal 
       statutory tax rate          21.0%       22.0%     22.0%

      Expenses not deductible in 
       calculating Indonesian 
       taxes                       12.8%       13.1%     20.1%

      Unutilized domestic book 
       losses                       2.1%        3.8%      2.3%

      Domestic income taxed at 
      less than foreign statutory 
      rate                          1.2%        2.5%      1.5%

      U.S. taxes related to 
      foreign operations            2.1%        2.7%      2.5%
  
      Total                        74.2%       78.1%     82.4%


    The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is continuing its
    examination of ENSTAR's 1984 Windfall Profits Tax (WPT)
    return.  On January 14, 1993, ENSTAR received the report of
    the WPT examination changes for the year 1984.  In that
    report, the agent has proposed adjustments which could, if
    sustained, result in additional WPT of approximately $4
    million.  The IRS has not yet assessed interest on the tax
    deficiency which would be due as a result of the assessment. 
    ENSTAR has prepared a protest vigorously objecting to
    certain of the proposed adjustments.  The IRS is currently
    reviewing the protest.  ENSTAR believes that any tax
    liability, and interest assessment which may arise as a
    result of the WPT examination has been adequately provided
    for in the financial statements.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(8) INDONESIAN PARTICIPATING UNITS (IPUs)

    The IPUs were issued, with no assigned value, in connection
    with the acquisition of ENSTAR in 1984 and represent a
    general obligation of the Company to make quarterly
    participation payments until September 1999, the amount of
    which will be measured by a fixed percentage of Net Cash
    Flow (as defined below) from the Joint Venture.  While the
    amount of the Participation Payments, which are treated as
    reductions from revenues, will vary quarter to quarter
    depending upon the amount of Net Cash Flow, payment of the
    amounts due to the IPU holders is an obligation of the
    Company, not dependent upon the discretion of the partners
    of the Company.  The rights of the IPU holders are those of
    a general creditor of the Company and thus the IPU holders
    have no equity interest in the Company in the nature of a
    general or limited partnership interest or otherwise.  The
    IPU holders derive no economic benefit from the business
    activities of the Company other than the Joint Venture.

    Each IPU entitles the holder to receive, until 1999, a
    quarterly participation payment equal to 1/14,077,747 of 32
    percent of net positive cash flow.  Net Cash Flow,
    attributable to IPU holders, is equal to the product of (i)
    a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of
    IPUs outstanding on the last business day of such quarterly
    period, and the denominator of which is 14,077,747,
    multiplied by (ii) 32 percent of specified revenues net of
    specified expenditures from the Joint Venture.  The above
    calculation was the result of negotiations among the parties
    to the 1984 merger of ENSTAR Corporation into the Company
    and represents the amount of future income from the Joint
    Venture that the Company has agreed to pay to the former
    stockholders of ENSTAR in the form of payments on the IPUs. 
    If Net Cash Flow is zero or negative for any quarterly
    period, no Participation Payments for that quarter will be
    made.  The Company maintains an irrevocable letter of credit
    for the benefit of the IPU holders in an amount equal to 240
    percent of the most recent quarterly distribution.  At
    December 31, 1993 and 1992, there were 10,778,590 IPUs
    issued and outstanding. 

<PAGE>

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


                     Calculation of Net Cash Flow and
                          Participation Payments


                                           1993          1992  

Positive cash flow:

  Gas receipts                           $175,840      $185,006
  Oil and condensate receipts              34,741        36,448
  Other non-revenue cash receipts from   
     Joint Venture                          9,799         6,712

    Total positive cash flow              220,380       228,166

Less negative cash flow:

  Expenditures to Joint Venture            66,184        65,425
  Indonesian income taxes                  85,401        87,815

    Total negative cash flow              151,585       153,240


Net positive cash flow from 23.125%
  interest in Joint Venture              $ 68,795      $ 74,926


Net cash flow for benefit of IPU holders $ 16,922      $ 18,312


Participation Payment per unit           $   1.57      $   1.70



                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(9) LONG-TERM DEBT

    Long-term debt, excluding current maturities, consists of
    the following:

                                             1993        1992  
         8-1/4% convertible subordinated
         guaranteed debentures, due 1995   $   -       $ 31,818

    The 8-1/4% convertible subordinated guaranteed debentures,
    due in December 1995, were reclassed to Current liabilities
    as  these debentures were repaid on January 5, 1994 in the
    principal amount of $36,400.  The loss on redemption of
    $3,108 on these debentures will be recognized in the first
    quarter of 1994.

(10)     BENEFIT PLANS

    VICO has a defined contribution retirement plan that covers
    its eligible employees.  Although VICO expects to provide
    an annual contribution based on a percentage of each
    eligible employee's salary, the actual contribution is
    determined at the end of each year by its Board of
    Directors and may vary depending upon circumstances. 
    Defined contribution pension expense is funded by the Joint
    Venture participants and the Company's share of such
    expense for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and
    1991 was $263, $200 and $168, respectively.

    In addition, VICO provides severance pay to its employees
    based upon salary and length of service.  Such severance
    pay is accrued over the service life of the employees and
    is funded by the Joint Venture.  The Company has provided
    approximately $.2 million, $1.4 million and $1.8 million
    for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991,
    respectively for its share of future severance payments.

    The Company has a defined benefit pension plan established
    by ENSTAR that covers ENSTAR's former employees who are
    considered terminated and fully vested.  ENSTAR's pension
    funding policy is to contribute an amount meeting the
    requirement of the Employees Retirement Income Security
    Act.  The estimated reconciliation of the funded status of
    ENSTAR's pension plan as at December 31, 1993, 1992 and
    1991 respectively is as follows:
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(10)     BENEFIT PLANS (continued)

                                     1993      1992      1991  
    Actuarial present value of:

       Vested accumulated benefit
         obligation                $(17,763) $(16,913) $(16,934)

       Projected vested benefit
         obligation                $(17,763) $(16,913) $(16,934)
       Fair value of plan assets     14,902    14,353    14,249
       
        Unfunded projected benefit
         obligation                  (2,861)   (2,560)   (2,685)
        Unrecognized net        
         loss                         1,661     1,533     1,317
        Unrecognized net transition
         obligation                     872       907       941
        Adjustment required to 
         recognize minimum 
         liability                   (2,533)   (2,440)   (2,258)

        Accrued pension cost 
         recognized in the
         Consolidated Balance 
         Sheet                     $ (2,861) $ (2,560) $ (2,685)


    The minimum liability that must be recognized is equal to
    the excess of the accumulated benefit obligation over the
    fair value of plan assets.  A corresponding amount is
    recognized as either an intangible asset or a reduction to
    Partners' Capital.  A reduction of Partners' Capital is
    required at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 since the
    intangible asset recognized may not exceed the amount of
    unrecognized prior service cost.  

    The pension expense for 1993, 1992 and 1991 is composed of
    the following:

                                     1993      1992      1991  

    Interest cost                  $  1,300  $  1,303  $  1,207
    Expected return on plan 
     assets                          (1,107)   (1,108)   (1,060)
    Net amortization and deferral        35        35        35
                                   $    228  $    230  $    182
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(10)     BENEFIT PLANS (continued)

    The assumed rate of return used in determining the projected
    benefit obligation was 7.5 percent, 8 percent and 8 percent
    for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  The assumed long-
    term rate of return on plan assets was 8 percent, 8 percent
    and 9 percent for 1993, 1992 and 1991.  Plan assets are
    invested in equity and fixed income securities.

(11)     OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

    In 1992, the Company adopted FASB Statement No. 106,
    "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other
    Than Pensions".  The effect of adopting the new rules did
    not significantly impact the Company's profits. 
    Postretirement benefit costs for 1991 which were recorded on
    a cash basis have not been restated.

(12)     REDEMPTION OF PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK OF ENSTAR
         INDONESIA, INC.

    On March 12, 1991, ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc. redeemed all of
    its 1,297,431 outstanding shares of participating preferred
    stock, $.01 par value, at an aggregate cost of $1,842 or
    $1.42 per share.  The aggregate cost included $467 ($.36 per
    share) for the semi-annual dividend for the period ending
    December 31, 1990 and $1,375 ($1.06 per share) for the stock
    redemption.  Partners' capital was credited $2,507 for the
    excess of the book value of the preferred stock over the
    redemption amount.


(13)     CLAIMS AND LITIGATION

    The Company has pending litigation arising in the ordinary
    course of its business.  However, none of the litigation is
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
    financial position or results of operations.  The Company
    also has established a reserve of $3.5 million for potential
    exposure in a royalty dispute.  The Company believes it may
    have valid defenses against such claims.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


(14)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    All aspects of the Company's business that are not
    associated with the operating management of the Joint
    Venture, such as operations, legal, accounting, tax and
    other management functions are supplied by employees of the
    partners in accordance with management agreements negotiated
    among the parties.  For the years 1993, 1992 and 1991, the
    charges approximated $500, $600 and $800, respectively.

    The Company holds demand notes in the amount of $40,000 from
    or guaranteed by affiliates of each partner.  These funds
    will be made available to the Company if additional working
    capital is required.

    As operator of the Joint Venture,  VICO performs services
    for the operator of the LNG Plant, P.T. Badak Natural Gas
    Liquefaction Company (P.T. Badak).  During the years ended
    December 31, 1993 and 1992, VICO charged P.T. Badak
    approximately $1.5 million and $1.8 million, respectively,
    principally for field pipeline maintenance services.  Also,
    during the same periods, VICO billed P.T. Badak
    approximately $32 million and $41 million, respectively, for
    engineering services and costs incurred on P.T. Badak's
    behalf.  The costs include approximately $7.2 million in
    1993 and $17.2 million in 1992 relating to the modifications
    of Trains A through D at the LNG Plant.  Accounts receivable
    from P.T. Badak approximated $3.3 million and $3.0 million
    at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.


                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

    SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)

    The following items are contained in this section:

    (a) Indonesian oil and gas operations
    (b) Interim financial data


  (a) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS

    The Company's estimated net share of Indonesian oil and gas
    reserves is shown in Table 1.  The estimated proved reserves
    of gas and oil and condensate as of December 31, 1993, 1992
    and 1991 attributable to the Joint Venture's interest in the
    production sharing contract in East Kalimantan were prepared
    by petroleum engineers employed by LASMO, an affiliate of
    Ultrastar.

    Net share estimates are the Company's present best estimates
    of the share of proved Indonesian reserves attributable to
    revenue the Company would receive, before Indonesian income
    taxes, under the terms of the Production Sharing Contract,
    as extended through August 7, 2018 based upon assumptions
    regarding levels of Joint Venture expenditures over the life
    of the project, oil and gas prices, firm contract sales
    commitments and potential sales opportunities and  upon
    numerous other assumptions.  The Company has no ownership
    interest in the Indonesian reserves in place, but rather
    shares in production and revenue from the sale of oil,
    condensate, LPG and LNG in accordance with the Production
    Sharing Contract.  The reserve estimates are subject to
    revision as prices fluctuate due to the cost recovery
    feature for field and other operating costs under the
    Production Sharing Contract and for changes in the
    Indonesian income tax rate.  Because of the number and range
    of these variables, no representation can be made that the
    net share estimates set forth below are accurate, and any
    changes in such variables will impact such estimates and the
    cash flows the Company may realize in the future.

    Oil and gas reserves are considered proved if economic
    producibility is supported by either actual production or
    conclusive formation tests.  Proved developed reserves are
    reserves that can be expected to be recovered through
    existing wells with existing equipment and operating
    methods.  Proved undeveloped reserves are reserves that are
    expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage
    or from existing

    INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)


    wells where a relatively significant expenditure is required
    to permit production.  These estimates do not include
    reserves which may be found by extension of proved areas,
    reserves which have been estimated considering known
    geological and seismic data and previous experience with
    similar reservoirs, or reserves recoverable by secondary or
    tertiary recovery methods unless these methods are in
    operation and showing successful results.  These estimates
    include reserves that are not currently under contract, but
    which management expects may be marketed during the
    remaining period in which the Company has the right to
    produce such reserves, but for which there is no assurance
    of sales.  Estimates of reserves require extensive judgments
    of reservoir engineering data and are generally less precise
    than other estimates used in connection with financial
    reporting.  Actual future revenues from proved reserves
    estimates may vary significantly from estimated future cash
    flows due to changes in prices of oil and gas, and in the
    timing of actual production in future periods.  Actual
    production and development costs will vary from those
    estimated due to inflation and other factors.

<PAGE>
INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)

                                  TABLE 1

                    Quantities of Oil and Gas Reserves
                  (Oil in Thousands of BBLS; Gas in MMCF)


                                           Oil        Gas (a)
                                         

Proved Developed and Undeveloped 
 Reserves:                               
 
 As of December 31, 1990                  9,976    1,026,498 

    Revisions to previous estimates       2,503       66,027

    Production                           (1,329)     (81,144)

 As of December 31, 1991                 11,150    1,011,381 

    Revisions to previous estimates       1,874       98,117

    Production                           (1,736)     (83,158)

 As of December 31, 1992                 11,288    1,026,340 

    Revisions to previous estimates       4,044      133,820 

    Production                           (1,778)     (84,920)

 As of December 31, 1993                 13,554    1,075,240
 
Proved Developed Reserves:

 As of December 31, 1990                  8,450      552,257

 As of December 31, 1991                  8,792      656,546

 As of December 31, 1992                  7,632      733,354

 As of December 31, 1993                 10,281      727,536


(a) Amounts for years prior to 1993 have been restated from a
    wet gas basis to a dry gas basis.




INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)


Table 2 shows costs incurred in oil and gas property acquisition,
exploration and development activities.

                                  TABLE 2

            Costs Incurred in Oil and Gas Property Acquisition,
                  Exploration and Development Activities
               Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                          (Thousands of dollars)

                                    1993      1992     1991

Exploration costs                 $ 5,223   $ 7,193  $11,503
Development costs                  36,328    34,407   43,269


Table 3 shows results of operations for oil and gas producing
activities.

                                  TABLE 3

        Results of Operations for Oil and Gas Producing Activities
               Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991
                          (Thousands of dollars)

                                    1993      1992     1991  
                                                     

Revenues                          $200,581  $205,847 $207,846

Production costs                    17,836    19,068   20,557

Exploration costs                    4,947     9,066    9,634

Depreciation, depletion 
 and amortization                   52,710    57,275   61,491

Income tax expense                  87,640    81,386   82,804

Results of operations for
 producing activities (1)         $ 37,448  $ 39,052 $ 33,360


(1)   Excludes corporate overhead and interest costs.
<PAGE>
INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)

     Table 4 shows a standardized measure of discounted future
net cash flows and changes therein relating to proved oil and gas
reserves using an annual discount of 10 percent and the Company's
net share estimates referred to in the preface to Table 1. 
Generally, estimated future cash inflows have been computed by
applying year-end prices of oil and gas to estimated future
production of proved oil and gas reserves.  Future development
and production costs have been computed by estimating the future
expenditures (based on year-end costs) to be incurred in
developing and producing the proved reserves, assuming
continuation of existing economic conditions.  Future income tax
expenses have been calculated by using the year-end statutory tax
rate for Indonesia of 56 percent through August 7, 1998 and 48
percent thereafter.  Indonesian net cash flow estimates are the
Company's present best estimates of the share of future net
revenues, after Indonesian taxes and capital and operating
contributions to the Joint Venture, that the Company would
receive if proved reserves are produced under the terms of the
Production Sharing Contract, as extended, based upon assumptions
regarding levels of Joint Venture expenditures over the life of
the project, firm contract sales commitments and potential sales
opportunities and upon numerous other assumptions.  Additionally,
the net cash flow estimates include amounts due IPU holders.

     Because of the number and range of these variables, no
representation can be made that the net cash flow estimates set
forth below are accurate, and any change in such variables will
impact the cash flows the Company may realize in the future.

                                  TABLE 4

       Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows and
          Changes Therein Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves
                    At December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                          (Thousands of dollars)

                               1993        1992         1991   

Future cash inflows         $2,085,222  $2,627,497   $2,732,366
Future production and 
  development costs           (589,163)   (573,047)    (556,121)
Future income tax expenses    (740,808) (1,037,570)  (1,109,377)

Future net cash flows          755,251   1,016,880    1,066,868

10% annual discount for
  estimated timing of 
  cash flows                  (375,500)   (496,070)    (516,755)

Standardized measure of
  discounted future net
  cash flows                $  379,751  $  520,810   $  550,113

<PAGE>
INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)

The following are the principal sources of changes in the
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for
proved reserves during 1993, 1992 and 1991.


                                 1993        1992         1991  

                                       (Thousands of dollars)

Standardized measure of discounted
  future net cash flows at 
  beginning of period         $  520,810  $  550,113  $ 812,554

Sales and transfers of oil and gas 
  produced, net of production 
  costs                         (177,720)   (180,139)  (178,498)

Net changes in prices and 
  production costs              (367,050)   (108,119)  (712,766)

Development costs incurred
  during the period               36,328      34,407     43,269

Revisions of previous
  quantity estimates             104,367      78,074     88,703

Accretion of discount             92,991     100,530    154,079

Net change in income taxes       170,025      45,944    342,772

Standardized measure of discounted
 future net cash flows at end
 of period                    $  379,751  $  520,810   $550,113


Note:           The standardized measure of discounted future net cash
                flows at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 included $59,629,
                $90,683 and $102,532, respectively, in future net cash
                flows attributable to IPU holders.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

b) INTERIM FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited)

     The following table shows summary quarterly data for 1993, 1992 and 1991:

<CAPTION>
                                 1st         2nd         3rd             4th
                               Quarter     Quarter      Quarter        Quarter

<S>                           <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Year Ended December 31, 1993 

Revenues.............         $ 58,298     $ 38,834     $ 47,840     $ 55,616

Operating profit.....         $ 37,952     $ 21,099     $ 28,331     $ 36,798

Net earnings.........         $ 10,804     $  3,618     $  5,350     $ 10,703

Year Ended December 31, 1992 

Revenues.............         $ 52,814     $ 45,518     $ 56,642     $ 50,923

Operating profit.....         $ 30,909     $ 25,059     $ 33,456     $ 24,532 (a)

Net earnings.........         $  7,842     $  6,207     $  7,766     $ 1,861
  
Year Ended December 31, 1991

Revenues.............         $ 67,160     $ 44,227     $ 59,720     $ 36,739

Operating profit.....         $ 43,630     $ 23,372     $ 31,806     $ 17,356

Net earnings.........         $  8,972     $  1,784     $  5,339     $  2,159


(a)  Includes a $6,400 provision for prior year's windfall profit tax liability.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

SCHEDULE  V
                                  UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                   Property, Plant and Equipment
                            Years Ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                                       (Thousands of dollars)
<CAPTION>
                             Balance at                                         Balance
                             Beginning         Additions                        at End
                             of Period         at Cost          Retirements    of Period

<S>                          <C>               <C>              <C>           <C>
1993  

Oil and gas properties
  Indonesia                  $955,285          $ 39,967         $ (3,365)     $991,887
  Other                            14                 -                -            14
Other                           3,431               175             (323)        3,283
                             $958,730          $ 40,142         $ (3,688)     $995,184

1992

Oil and gas properties
  Indonesia                  $922,751          $ 38,978         $  (6,444)    $955,285
  Other                            14                 -                 -           14
Other                           3,317               239              (125)       3,431
                             $926,082          $ 39,217         $  (6,569)    $958,730
1991            

Oil and gas properties
  United States              $    450          $      -         $    (450)    $      -
  Indonesia                   877,613            54,339            (9,201)     922,751
  Other                            14                 -                 -          14
Other                           2,106             1,510              (299)       3,317
                             $880,183          $ 55,849         $  (9,950)    $926,082
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
SCHEDULE VI
                                  UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Accumulated Depreciation and Depletion of Property, Plant and Equipment
                            Years Ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
                                       (Thousands of dollars)

<CAPTION>
                             Balance at        Charges to                     Balance
                             Beginning         Costs and        Retire-       at End
                             of Period         Expenses         ments        of Period

<S>                          <C>               <C>              <C>          <C>
1993 

Oil and gas properties
  Indonesia                  $527,150          $ 52,710         $      -     $579,860
  Other                           893               377             (323)         947
                             $528,043          $ 53,087         $   (323)    $580,807


1992

Oil and gas properties
  Indonesia                  $469,875          $ 57,275         $      -     $527,150
  Other                           671               347             (125)         893
                             $470,546          $ 57,622         $   (125)    $528,043

1991           

Oil and gas properties
  United States              $    422          $     28         $   (450)    $      -
  Indonesia                   408,412            61,463                -      469,875
  Other                           656               314             (299)         671
                             $409,490          $ 61,805         $   (749)    $470,546



</TABLE>
<PAGE>
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
        Accounting and Financial Disclosures.

    None


                                 PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

    The management, budgeting and financial control of the
Company's interest in the Indonesian Joint Venture operations are
exercised by a Management Board consisting of six members, three
appointed by each partner.  The following persons currently serve
as members of the Company's Management Board:

    GEORGE W. BERKO (age 47) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in May 1992.  Since May 1992, he has served as
the Partners' representative for Investor Relations, Treasurer
and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of ENSTAR, ENSTAR
Indonesia, Inc., INTERNATIONAL, and certain of their
subsidiaries, and has been LASMO America Ltd.'s Vice President -
Unimar Accounting.  From October 1990 until April 1992, he was
Vice President, Controller of Ultramar Oil and Gas Limited, and
prior to that time, he was a General Manager of American Ultramar
Ltd. from December 1984.

    IAN D. BROWN (age 44) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1993.  He is also Director and
Chairman of ENSTAR and certain of its affiliates.  In January
1994 he was appointed President and General Manager of LASMO
Companies in Indonesia.  In January 1993, he was appointed
Director, Indonesian Joint Venture for LASMO plc and a member of
the VICO Board.  Since May 1986, he served as Commercial Manager
for LASMO plc, and from February 1987, Managing Director, LASMO
Trading Limited, the marketing, trading and transportation
affiliates of the parent company.

    LARRY D. KALMBACH (age 42) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1993.  Since February 1, 1993, he
has been Vice President-Finance of UTPH after serving as Vice
President and Controller of UTPH since September 1986.  Prior to
that time, he held various financial management positions with
UTPH since 1974.

    WILLIAM M. KRIPS (age 54) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in January 1987.  He is also a Director of
ENSTAR and certain of its affiliates.  Since December 1991, he
has been Senior Vice President Exploration & Production of UTPH. 
Prior to that time, he served as Senior Vice President and
General Manager - U. S. Exploration and Production, Senior Vice
President and General Manager - Hydrocarbon Products Group and
Vice President and General Manager - International Operations.

    ARTHUR W. PEABODY (age 50) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1992 and in April 1993 was appointed
Chairman of the Management Board.  He is also a Director of
ENSTAR, ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc., INTERNATIONAL and VICO.  Since
February 1992, he has been Senior Vice President - Exploration
and Production of UTPH, and prior to that time, he held various
positions at UTPH including Senior Vice President and General
Manager - Hydrocarbon Products Group, Vice President - Planning
and Administration and Vice President - Acquisitions and
Planning.

    JERRY L. PICKERILL (age 56) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in June 1992 and also serves as a Director of
ENSTAR Corporation.  Since February of 1989, he has served as
President of LASMO Energy Corporation and is currently President
and Director of LASMO America Limited, the holding company for
the LASMO U. S. subsidiaries.  He previously served as Vice
President and General Counsel for CNG Producing Company, Tulsa
Division, Vice President and General Counsel of Mapco Oil & Gas,
Inc., and an attorney for Amerada Hess Corporation.

    As set forth above, control of the Company's operations is
exercised by the Management Board.  The Company, a Texas general
partnership, does not have any Executive Officers.


Item 11. Executive Compensation.

    The Company has no executive officers, and no members of the
Management Board are paid directly by the Company.  All members
of the Management Board are full-time employees of UTPH or LASMO,
or their respective subsidiaries, and do not receive from the
Company any remuneration for their services to the Company. 
Moreover, the Company has no employees who are compensated for
their services to the Company.  VICO, a subsidiary of the
Company, has employees who are responsible for the daily
operating activities of the Joint Venture and are compensated by
the Joint Venture.  See Item 13 below for information concerning
the Company's reimbursement to LASMO for services rendered to the
Company by one of LASMO's designees on the Management Board.


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
         Management.

    The Company is a Texas general partnership and as such has
no voting securities apart from the general partnership interests
owned by the partners.  The table below reflects the beneficial
ownership of 100 percent of the partnership interests in the
Company as of March 15, 1994:

                      Name and Address of  Amount Beneficially
Title of Class         Beneficial Owner           Owned       

General Partnership   LASMO plc                   50%
  Interest            100 Liverpool Street
                      London EC2M 2BB
                      England


                      Name and Address of  Amount Beneficially
Title of Class         Beneficial Owner           Owned       

General Partnership   Union Texas Petroleum       50% 
  Interest             Holdings, Inc.
                      1330 Post Oak Boulevard
                      Houston, Texas  77252


Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

    The partners of the Company provide management expertise,
office space, and administrative, legal and professional
services.  For such services, a management fee of approximately
$508 and $600 was charged in 1993 and 1992, respectively,
including $138 ($96 in 1992) paid in respect of Mr. Berko's
services.

    The Company holds demand notes in the amount of $40 million
from or generated by affiliates of each partner.  These funds
will be made available to the Company if additional working
capital is required.

    As operator of the Joint Venture, VICO conducts exploration
and development activities within the PSC area.  The cost of such
activities is funded by the Joint Venture participants to VICO. 
In addition, VICO performs services for the operator of the LNG
Plant, P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction Company (P.T. Badak). 
For the year ended December 31, 1993, VICO charged P.T. Badak
approximately $32 million ($41 million in 1992) for engineering
services and costs incurred on P.T. Badak's behalf.  Also, during
1993 VICO billed P.T. Badak approximately $1.5 million ($1.8
million in 1992) principally for field pipeline maintenance
services.  Accounts receivable from P.T. Badak approximated $3.3
million at December 31, 1993 ($3.0 million at December 31, 1992).

                                  PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports
         on Form 8-K.


    (a)(1)  Financial Statements listed below are included as 
            Part II, Item 8 hereof on the pages indicated:


              Report of Independent Auditors             25

              Consolidated Balance Sheet,
                 December 31, 1993 and 1992              26

              Consolidated Statement of Earnings,
                 Years ended December 31, 1993,
                 1992 and 1991                           27

              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows,
                 Years ended December 31, 1993,
                 1992 and 1991                           28

              Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
                 Partners' Capital, Years ended
                 December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991        29

              Notes to Consolidated Financial
                 Statements                              30-44

              Supplemental Financial Information
                 (unaudited)                             45-51


       (2)  Financial Statement Schedules listed below are filed
            as a part hereof on the pages indicated:

              V -  Property, Plant and Equipment         52

              VI - Accumulated Depreciation and
                     Depletion of Property, Plant 
                     and Equipment                       53



All other schedules are omitted as they are not required or are
not applicable.

    (a)(3)   The following documents are included as Exhibits to
             this Report.   Unless it has been indicated that a
             document listed below is incorporated by reference
             herein, copies of the document have been filed
             herewith.

    (2)-1-   Merger Agreement, dated May 22, 1984, and Amendment
             Agreements thereto, dated June 8, 1984 and June 12,
             1984 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the
             Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the
             Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
             2-93037)).*

    (2)-2-   Agreement of Merger, dated as of August 28, 1984
             (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the
             Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the
             Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
             2-93037)).*

    (2)-3-   Divestiture Agreement, dated June 20, 1984 (filed
             as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Registration
             Statement on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

    (3)-1-   Amended and Restated Agreement of General
             Partnership of Unimar Company dated September 11,
             1990 between Unistar, Inc. and Ultrastar, Inc.
             (filed as Exhibit (3)-4- to the Company's 1990 Form
             10-K (No. 18791)).*

    (4)-1-   Form of Indenture between Unimar and Irving Trust
             Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4 to the
             Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
             2-93037)).*

    (4)-2-   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October
             31, 1986, to the Indenture between Unimar and
             Irving Trust Co., as Trustee (Exhibit (4)-1 above)
             (Filed as Exhibit 10.114 to Union Texas Petroleum
             Holdings, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1
             (No. 33-16267)).*

    (10)-1-  Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968,
             among Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
             International Company, Austral Petroleum Gas
             Corporation, Golden Eagle Indonesia, Limited, and
             Union Texas Far East Corporation, as amended (filed
             as Exhibit 6.6 to Registration Statement No. 2-
             58834 of Alaska Interstate Company).*

    (10)-2-  Agreement dated as of October 1, 1979, among the
             parties to the Joint Venture Agreement referred to
             in Exhibit (10)-1- above (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to
             Registration Statement No. 2-66661 of Alaska
             Interstate Company).*



             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-3-  Amendment to the Operating Agreement dated April 1,
             1990, between Roy M. Huffington, Inc., a Delaware
             corporation, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, a Bermuda
             corporation, Virginia Indonesia Company, a Delaware
             corporation, Virginia International Company, a
             Delaware corporation, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, a Bahamian corporation, and Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc., a Liberian corporation.

    (10)-4-  Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract
             dated April 23, 1990 (effective August 8, 1968 -
             August 7, 1998) by and between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International
             Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
             Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and
             Huffington Corporation.

    (10)-5-  Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990
             (effective August 8, 1998 - August 7, 2018) between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             (Pertamina) and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
             Inc. and Huffington Corporation.

    (10)-6-  Nilam Unit Agreement, effective as of January 1,
             1980, to establish the manner in which the Joint
             Venture and Total will cooperate to develop the
             unitized area of the Nilam Field (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-58- to the Company's 1991 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-7-  Third Amended and Restated Implementation
             Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings, effective as of
             July 1, 1993, among Virginia Indonesia Company,
             LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company.

    (10)-8-  Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract, dated
             as of the 1st day of January 1990, by and between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
             Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Kyushu Electric
             Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation, Osaka
             Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.






             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-9-  Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as
             of the 3rd day of December, 1973, amended by
             Amendment No. 1 dated as of the 31st day of August,
             1976, and amended and restated as of the 1st day of
             January, 1990 ("1973 LNG Sales Contract"), is
             entered into as of the 1st day of June, 1992, by
             and between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
             Bumi Negara, a state enterprise of the Republic of
             Indonesia (Seller), on the one hand, and Kyushu
             Electric Power Co., Inc. (Kyushu Electric), Nippon
             Steel Corporation (Nippon Steel), and Toho Gas Co.,
             Ltd. (Toho Gas), all corporations organized and
             existing under the laws of Japan, on the other
             hand.

    (10)-10- Amended and Restated Supply Agreement (In Support
             of the Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales
             Contract) between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia
             Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
             Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia
             International Company dated September 22, 1993,
             effective December 3, 1973.

    (10)-11- Amended and Restated Badak LNG Sales Contract,
             dated as of the 1st day of January, 1990, by and
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co.,
             Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka
             Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.

    (10)-12- Supply Agreement, dated as of April 14, 1981
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint
             Venture Agreement, including the Company.

    (10)-13- Seventh Supply Agreement for Excess Sales
             (Additional Fixed Quantities under Badak LNG Sales
             Contract as a Result of Contract Amendment and
             Restatement) between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
             Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Opicoil Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company, dated September 28, 1992, but effective as
             of January 1, 1990.



             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-14- Bontang II Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement
             Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991 among
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             Virginia Indonesia Company, Virginia International
             Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie,
             Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
             and Continental Bank International.

    (10)-15- Producers Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987
             by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina), Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
             Virginia International Company, Ultramar Indonesia
             Limited, Virginia Indonesia Company, Union Texas
             East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
             Huffington Corporation in favor of The Industrial
             Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-30- to the Company's 1987 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-16- Badak III LNG Sales Contract between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             as Seller and Chinese Petroleum Corporation as
             Buyer signed on March 19, 1987 (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-59- to the Company's 1991 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-17- Badak III LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement,
             dated October 19, 1987 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             and the parties to the Joint Venture Agreement.

    (10)-18- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Korea II)
             effective May 7, 1991 between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea
             Gas Corporation.

    (10)-19- Schedule A to the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
             (Korea II FOB) between Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea Gas
             Corporation.
 
    (10)-20- Bontang III Producers Agreement, dated February 9,
             1988, among Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
             Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
             Joint Venture Agreement.










             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-21- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Producers Agreement
             dated as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total
             Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
             Petroleum, Ltd. and Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as
             Tranche A Lender, The Industrial Bank of Japan
             Trust Company, as Agent and The Industrial Bank of
             Japan Trust Company on behalf of the Tranche B
             Lenders.

    (10)-22- Amendment No. 2 to Producers Agreement No. 2 dated
             as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M. Huffington,
             Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited and Universe Tankships, Inc.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-44- to the Company's 1988
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-23- $316,000,000 Bontang III Loan Agreement dated
             February 9, 1988 among Continental Bank
             International as Trustee, Train-E Finance Co., Ltd.
             as Tranche A Lender and The Industrial Bank of
             Japan Trust Company as Agent.

    (10)-24- Bontang III Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
             dated February 9, 1988, among Pertamina, Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, VICO, Ultrastar Indonesia
             Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesia, Unocal
             Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
             Continental Bank International  (filed as Exhibit
             10.42 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s
             1991 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-25- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Trustee and Paying
             Agent Agreement, dated as of December 11, 1992,
             among Pertamina, VICO, Virginia International
             Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
             East Kalimantan Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesia,
             Unocal Indonesia Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
             and Continental Bank International, as Bontang III
             Trustee  (Filed as Exhibit 10.83 to the Union Texas
             Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1992 Form 10-K
             (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*




             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-26- Amended and Restated Debt Service Allocation
             Agreement dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Virginia Indonesia
             Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Tankships, Inc., Huffington Corporation,
             Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
             Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit (10)-
             40- to the Company's 1988 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-27- Letter agreement between Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Chinese Petroleum
             Corporation, dated December 1, 1989.

    (10)-28- Memorandum of Agreement (Yokkaichi Extension), made
             as of December 21, 1989, between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, as Seller,
             and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., as Buyer (filed
             as Exhibit (10)-60- to the Company's 1989 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-29- Badak IV LNG Sales Contract dated October 23, 1990
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina), as Seller and Osaka Gas Co.,
             Ltd., Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd.,
             as Buyers.

    (10)-30- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, as Seller and Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd. and
             Nippon Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.

    (10)-31- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, as Seller and Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., as
             Buyer.

    (10)-32- Supply Agreement for Natural Gas to Badak IV LNG
             Sales Contract dated August 12, 1991 between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
             Inc. and Virginia International Company.

    (10)-33- Second Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
             (Osaka Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities)
             between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
             LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
             Company dated September 22, 1993, effective January
             1, 1991.



             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-34- Third Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
             (Toho Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities) between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             dated September 28, effective January 1, 1991.

    (10)-35- Eleventh Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess
             Sales (1973 Contract Build-Down Quantities) between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             dated September 22, 1993, effective January 1,
             1990.

    (10)-36- Bontang IV Producers Agreement dated August 26,
             1991 by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil
             Houston, Inc., Virginia International Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
             Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
             Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., in favor of The Chase
             Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

    (10)-37- $750,000,000 Bontang IV Loan Agreement dated August
             26, 1991 among Continental Bank International as
             Trustee under the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
             Agent Agreement as Borrower, Chase Manhattan Asia
             Limited and The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as
             Coordinators, the other banks and financial
             institutions named herein as Arrangers, Co-
             Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers and
             Lenders, The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. and the
             Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Co-Agents and The Chase
             Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent.

    (10)-38- Bontang IV Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated
             August 26, 1991 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Virginia Indonesia
             Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Virginia
             International Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal
             Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
             Continental Bank International.





             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-39- Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement
             dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total
             Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
             Petroleum, Ltd. and P.T. Badak Natural Gas
             Liquefaction Company (filed as Exhibit (10)-39- to
             the Company's 1988 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-40- Bontang Capital Projects Loan Agreement No. 1
             between Continental Bank International as Trustee
             under the Badak Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
             Borrower, and The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust
             Company, Agent, for the Lenders dated as of
             September 10, 1986 (filed as Exhibit (4)-13- to the
             Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-41- Bontang Capital Projects Loan Agreement No. 2 dated
             June 9, 1987, among Continental Bank International,
             as Trustee under the Badak Trustee and Paying Agent
             Agreement (Borrower), the banks named therein as
             Lead Managers and Lenders and The Industrial Bank
             of Japan Trust Company (Agent) (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-31 to the Company's 1987 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-42- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and National Federation of Agricultural
             Co-Operative Associations (Zen-Noh), as Buyer,
             dated February 21, 1992.

    (10)-43- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and Japan Indonesia Oil Co., Ltd., as
             Buyer, dated February 20, 1992.

    (10)-44- Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina) as Seller and Mitsubishi
             Corporation, Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum
             Gas Co., Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Kyodo Oil
             Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. and Mitsui
             Liquefied Gas Co., Ltd. as Buyers dated July 15,
             1986 (filed as Exhibit (10)-60- to the Company's
             1991 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-45- Bontang LPG Supply Agreement, dated November 17,
             1987, between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan
             Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
             Joint Venture Agreement.


             *  Incorporated herein by reference.

    (10)-46- Advance Payment Agreement between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             and Arun Bontang Project Finance Co., Ltd., dated
             February 16, 1987 (filed as Exhibit (4)-15- to the
             Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-47- Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of ENSTAR
             Corporation, dated December 22, 1989, by and among
             Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar, Inc.,
             ENSTAR Corporation, Newstar Inc., Union Texas
             Development Corporation, Union Texas Petroleum
             Corporation and Ultramar America Limited.

    (10)-48- Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
             of ENSTAR Corporation, dated May 1, 1990, by and
             among Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar,
             Inc., ENSTAR Corporation, Ultramar Production
             Company, Union Texas Development Corporation, Union
             Texas Petroleum Corporation and Ultramar America
             Limited.

    (21)-1-  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.

    (23)-1-  Consent of Ernst & Young.

    (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

             No reports on Form 8-K have been filed during the
             last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31,
             1993.





             *  Incorporated herein by reference.


<PAGE>
                                SIGNATURES

  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.


                              UNIMAR COMPANY


March 24, 1994                By  /S/ ARTHUR W. PEABODY     
                                  Arthur W. Peabody
                                  Chairman of the
                                  Management Board




  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of
March 24, 1994.




By /S/ GEORGE W. BERKO          By  /S/ LARRY D. KALMBACH     
   George W. Berko                  Larry D. Kalmbach
   Management Board                 Management Board
   (LASMO Representative)           (UTPH Representative)
                                                          



By /S/ IAN D. BROWN             By  /S/ WILLIAM M. KRIPS      
   Ian D. Brown                     William M. Krips 
   Management Board                 Management Board
   (LASMO Representative)           (UTPH Representative)      
                                    



By /S/ JERRY L. PICKERILL       By  /S/ ARTHUR W. PEABODY     
   Jerry L. Pickerill               Arthur W. Peabody
   Management Board                 Chairman of the
   (LASMO Representative)           Management Board
                                    (UTPH Representative)


                             INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                                 Sequential
                                                                  Numbered 
Exhibit Number                                                      Page   

The following documents are included as Exhibits to this Report. 
Unless it has been indicated that a document listed below is
incorporated by reference herein, copies of the document have
been filed herewith.

     (2)-1-   Merger Agreement, dated May 22, 1984, and
              Amendment Agreements thereto, dated June 8, 1984
              and June 12, 1984 (incorporated by reference to
              Annex A to the Prospectus/Proxy Statement included
              in the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-
              14 (No. 2-93037)).*

     (2)-2-   Agreement of Merger, dated as of August 28, 1984
              (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the
              Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the
              Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
              2-93037)).*

     (2)-3-   Divestiture Agreement, dated June 20, 1984 (filed
              as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Registration
              Statement on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

     (3)-1-   Amended and Restated Agreement of General
              Partnership of Unimar Company dated September 11,
              1990 between Unistar, Inc. and Ultrastar, Inc.
              (filed as Exhibit (3)-4- to the Company's 1990
              Form 10-K (No. 18791)).*

     (4)-1-   Form of Indenture between Unimar and Irving Trust
              Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4 to the
              Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
              2-93037)).*

     (4)-2-   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October
              31, 1986, to the Indenture between Unimar and
              Irving Trust Co., as Trustee (Exhibit (4)-1 above)
              (Filed as Exhibit 10.114 to Union Texas Petroleum
              Holdings, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-
              1 (No. 33-16267)).*

     (10)-1-  Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968,
              among Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Austral Petroleum Gas
              Corporation, Golden Eagle Indonesia, Limited, and
              Union Texas Far East Corporation, as amended
              (filed as Exhibit 6.6 to Registration Statement
              No. 2-58834 of Alaska Interstate Company).*


              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-2-  Agreement dated as of October 1, 1979, among the
              parties to the Joint Venture Agreement referred to
              in Exhibit (10)-1- above (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to
              Registration Statement No. 2-66661 of Alaska
              Interstate Company).*

     (10)-3-  Amendment to the Operating Agreement dated April
              1, 1990, between Roy M. Huffington, Inc., a
              Delaware corporation, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
              a Bermuda corporation, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              a Delaware corporation, Virginia International
              Company, a Delaware corporation, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, a Bahamian corporation, and
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., a Liberian
              corporation.

     (10)-4-  Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract
              dated April 23, 1990 (effective August 8, 1968 -
              August 7, 1998) by and between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              (Pertamina) and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc. and Huffington Corporation.

     (10)-5-  Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990
              (effective August 8, 1998 - August 7, 2018)
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and Roy M. Huffington,
              Inc., Virginia International Company, Virginia
              Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc. and Huffington Corporation.

     (10)-6-  Nilam Unit Agreement, effective as of January 1,
              1980, to establish the manner in which the Joint
              Venture and Total will cooperate to develop the
              unitized area of the Nilam Field (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-58- to the Company's 1991 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-7-  Third Amended and Restated Implementation
              Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings, effective as of
              July 1, 1993, among Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
              Company.







              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-8-  Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract,
              dated as of the 1st day of January 1990, by and
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power
              Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc.,
              Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel
              Corporation, Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co.,
              Ltd., as Buyers.

     (10)-9-  Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as
              of the 3rd day of December, 1973, amended by
              Amendment No. 1 dated as of the 31st day of
              August, 1976, and amended and restated as of the
              1st day of January, 1990 ("1973 LNG Sales
              Contract"), is entered into as of the 1st day of
              June, 1992, by and between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, a state enterprise of
              the Republic of Indonesia (Seller), on the one
              hand, and Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc. (Kyushu
              Electric), Nippon Steel Corporation (Nippon
              Steel), and Toho Gas Co., Ltd. (Toho Gas), all
              corporations organized and existing under the laws
              of Japan, on the other hand.

     (10)-10- Amended and Restated Supply Agreement (In Support
              of the Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales
              Contract) between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia
              Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan
              Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and
              Virginia International Company dated September 22,
              1993, effective December 3, 1973.

     (10)-11- Amended and Restated Badak LNG Sales Contract,
              dated as of the 1st day of January, 1990, by and
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power
              Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc.,
              Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as
              Buyers.

     (10)-12- Supply Agreement, dated as of April 14, 1981
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
              Joint Venture Agreement, including the Company.

     (10)-13- Seventh Supply Agreement for Excess Sales
              (Additional Fixed Quantities under Badak LNG Sales
              Contract as a Result of Contract Amendment and
              Restatement) between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Virginia Indonesia
              Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia
              Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia
              International Company, dated September 28, 1992,
              but effective as of January 1, 1990.

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-14- Bontang II Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement
              Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991 among
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Virginia
              International Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan
              Limited, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.,
              Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd. and Continental Bank
              International.

     (10)-15- Producers Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987
              by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara (Pertamina), Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
              Virginia International Company, Ultramar Indonesia
              Limited, Virginia Indonesia Company, Union Texas
              East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
              Huffington Corporation in favor of The Industrial
              Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-30- to the Company's 1987 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-16- Badak III LNG Sales Contract between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              (Pertamina) as Seller and Chinese Petroleum
              Corporation as Buyer signed on March 19, 1987
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-59- to the Company's 1991
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-17- Badak III LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement,
              dated October 19, 1987 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint Venture
              Agreement.

     (10)-18- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Korea II)
              effective May 7, 1991 between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea
              Gas Corporation.

     (10)-19- Schedule A to the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
              (Korea II FOB) between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea Gas
              Corporation.
 
     (10)-20- Bontang III Producers Agreement, dated February 9,
              1988, among Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
              Joint Venture Agreement.








              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-21- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Producers Agreement
              dated as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
              Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd. and Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as
              Tranche A Lender, The Industrial Bank of Japan
              Trust Company, as Agent and The Industrial Bank of
              Japan Trust Company on behalf of the Tranche B
              Lenders.

     (10)-22- Amendment No. 2 to Producers Agreement No. 2 dated
              as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M. Huffington,
              Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited and Universe Tankships, Inc.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-44- to the Company's 1988
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-23- $316,000,000 Bontang III Loan Agreement dated
              February 9, 1988 among Continental Bank
              International as Trustee, Train-E Finance Co.,
              Ltd. as Tranche A Lender and The Industrial Bank
              of Japan Trust Company as Agent.

     (10)-24- Bontang III Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
              dated February 9, 1988, among Pertamina, Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, VICO, Ultrastar Indonesia
              Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesia, Unocal
              Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
              Continental Bank International  (filed as Exhibit
              10.42 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
              Inc.'s 1991 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-
              9019)).*

     (10)-25- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Trustee and Paying
              Agent Agreement, dated as of December 11, 1992,
              among Pertamina, VICO, Virginia International
              Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
              East Kalimantan Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesia,
              Unocal Indonesia Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
              and Continental Bank International, as Bontang III
              Trustee  (Filed as Exhibit 10.83 to the Union
              Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1992 Form 10-K
              (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*



              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-26- Amended and Restated Debt Service Allocation
              Agreement dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Virginia Indonesia
              Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Tankships, Inc., Huffington Corporation,
              Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. (filed as Exhibit (10)-
              40- to the Company's 1988 Form 10-K (No.
              1-8791)).*

     (10)-27- Letter agreement between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Chinese Petroleum
              Corporation, dated December 1, 1989.

     (10)-28- Memorandum of Agreement (Yokkaichi Extension),
              made as of December 21, 1989, between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, as
              Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., as
              Buyer (filed as Exhibit (10)-60- to the Company's
              1989 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-29- Badak IV LNG Sales Contract dated October 23, 1990
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina), as Seller and Osaka Gas
              Co., Ltd., Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co.,
              Ltd., as Buyers.

     (10)-30- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, as Seller and Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd.
              and Nippon Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.

     (10)-31- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, as Seller and Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., as
              Buyer.

     (10)-32- Supply Agreement for Natural Gas to Badak IV LNG
              Sales Contract dated August 12, 1991 between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union
              Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
              Company, Inc. and Virginia International Company.

     (10)-33- Second Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess
              Sales (Osaka Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities)
              between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
              Company dated September 22, 1993, effective
              January 1, 1991.

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-34- Third Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
              (Toho Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities)
              between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
              Company dated September 28, effective January 1,
              1991.

     (10)-35- Eleventh Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess
              Sales (1973 Contract Build-Down Quantities)
              between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
              Company dated September 22, 1993, effective
              January 1, 1990.

     (10)-36- Bontang IV Producers Agreement dated August 26,
              1991 by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Virginia International Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., in favor of The Chase
              Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

     (10)-37- $750,000,000 Bontang IV Loan Agreement dated
              August 26, 1991 among Continental Bank
              International as Trustee under the Bontang IV
              Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement as Borrower,
              Chase Manhattan Asia Limited and The Mitsubishi
              Bank, Limited as Coordinators, the other banks and
              financial institutions named herein as Arrangers,
              Co-Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers
              and Lenders, The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. and
              the Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Co-Agents and The
              Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent.

     (10)-38- Bontang IV Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement
              dated August 26, 1991 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Virginia
              Indonesia Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal
              Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
              Continental Bank International.




              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-39- Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement
              dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
              Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd. and P.T. Badak Natural Gas
              Liquefaction Company (filed as Exhibit (10)-39- to
              the Company's 1988 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-40- Bontang Capital Projects Loan Agreement No. 1
              between Continental Bank International as Trustee
              under the Badak Trustee and Paying Agent
              Agreement, Borrower, and The Industrial Bank of
              Japan Trust Company, Agent, for the Lenders dated
              as of September 10, 1986 (filed as Exhibit (4)-13-
              to the Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-41- Bontang Capital Projects Loan Agreement No. 2
              dated June 9, 1987, among Continental Bank
              International, as Trustee under the Badak Trustee
              and Paying Agent Agreement (Borrower), the banks
              named therein as Lead Managers and Lenders and The
              Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company (Agent)
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-31 to the Company's 1987
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-42- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, as Seller, and National Federation of
              Agricultural Co-Operative Associations (Zen-Noh),
              as Buyer, dated February 21, 1992.

     (10)-43- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, as Seller, and Japan Indonesia Oil Co.,
              Ltd., as Buyer, dated February 20, 1992.

     (10)-44- Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina) as Seller and Mitsubishi
              Corporation, Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum
              Gas Co., Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Kyodo Oil
              Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. and Mitsui
              Liquefied Gas Co., Ltd. as Buyers dated July 15,
              1986 (filed as Exhibit (10)-60- to the Company's
              1991 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-45- Bontang LPG Supply Agreement, dated November 17,
              1987, between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan
              Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
              Joint Venture Agreement.

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

     (10)-46- Advance Payment Agreement between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              (Pertamina) and Arun Bontang Project Finance Co.,
              Ltd., dated February 16, 1987 (filed as Exhibit
              (4)-15- to the Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-47- Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of ENSTAR
              Corporation, dated December 22, 1989, by and among
              Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar, Inc.,
              ENSTAR Corporation, Newstar Inc., Union Texas
              Development Corporation, Union Texas Petroleum
              Corporation and Ultramar America Limited.

     (10)-48- Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
              of ENSTAR Corporation, dated May 1, 1990, by and
              among Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar,
              Inc., ENSTAR Corporation, Ultramar Production
              Company, Union Texas Development Corporation,
              Union Texas Petroleum Corporation and Ultramar
              America Limited.

     (21)-1-  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.

     (23)-1-  Consent of Ernst & Young.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

              No reports on Form 8-K have been filed during the
              last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31,
              1993.

























              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>BADAK III LNG SLES CONTRACT
<TEXT>



                       BADAK III LNG SALES CONTRACT
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT

     THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the 19th day
of October, 1987, but effective as of the 19th day of March 1987,
by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
("Pertamina"), on the one hand, and ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
("Huffco"), HUFFINGTON CORPORATION, VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY,
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED, UNION
TEXAS
EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED and UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC. (herein
referred to collectively as "Contractors" and individually as
"Contractor"), on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH

     WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Production Sharing
Contract, dated August 8, 1968, as amended, by and between PN
Pertambangan Minyak Nasional, predecessor of Pertamina as the Oil
and Gas State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia, on the one
hand, and Huffco and Virginia International Company (predecessors
in interest to Contractors) on the other (such contract as
heretofore and hereafter amended is herein referred to as the 
"Production Sharing Contract" and the area covered thereby is
herein referred to as the "Huffco Contract Area"); and
     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contract, each of
Pertamina and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell and
freely export its respective share of the natural gas produced and
saved from the Huffco Contract Area (the percentage share of such
natural gas to which each of Pertamina and Contractors is entitled,
as determined under the Production Sharing Contract, is herein
referred to as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of such party);
and 

     WHEREAS, the reserves of natural gas in the Huffco Contract
Area exceed the reserves committed to be produced, supplied and
delivered by Pertamina and Contractors to meet a portion of
Pertamina's existing obligations under LNG sales contracts, LPG
sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts; and 

     WHEREAS, Pertamina, with assistance from Contractors, is
constructing one additional liquefaction train at the natural gas
liquefaction plant located at Bontang Bay, on the east coast of
Kalimantan, Indonesia (as so expanded, the "Bontang Plant") which
expansion will include construction of such additional port,
utility, plant and other facilities as may be required; and

     WHEREAS, funds for the expansion of the liquefaction plant
will be provided to Pertamina through financing of the cost of such
expansion on terms mutually agreeable to Pertamina and Contractors
which provide for the repayment of funds provided pursuant to such
financing and the cost of such funds (repayment of funds and the
cost of such funds are hereinafter referred to as "Financing
Costs"); and

     WHEREAS, Pertamina and Contractors are parties to the Bontang
LNG Processing Agreement dated as of July 1, 1983 (as from time to
time amended, the "Processing Agreement"), which provides for the
operation of the Bontang Plant and the payment of the costs of such
operation (such costs as determined in accordance with the
Processing Agreement are herein referred to as "Plant Operating
Costs"); and 

     WHEREAS, Pertamina and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the Huffco Contract
Gas (as hereinafter defined) and the Other Contract Gas (as
hereinafter defined); and

     WHEREAS, it is contemplated that additional LNG resulting from
the increased capability of the Bontang Plant will be sold on the
basis of the highest price and most favorable terms available for
such LNG; and
 
     WHEREAS, Pertamina, in collaboration with Contractors and its
production sharing contractors in the other contract areas in East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas") has
made arrangements for the sale and supply to Chinese Petroleum
Corporation ("Buyer"), pursuant to the Badak III LNG Sales Contract
dated March 19, 1987 (the "Badak III LNG Sales Contract"), of LNG
produced from natural gas supplied from the Huffco Contract Area
and the Other Contract Areas; and

     WHEREAS, Pertamina, in collaboration with Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas, has
made arrangements for the transportation of LNG sold pursuant to
the Badak III LNG Sales Contract in an LNG tanker chartered by
Pertamina and the payment of costs respecting such transportation
(herein referred to as "Transportation Costs"); and

     WHEREAS, Pertamina and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver natural gas from the Huffco Contract Area in support of the
performance by Pertamina of its obligations under the Badak III LNG
Sales Contract; and

     WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its Production
Sharing Percentage of the Huffco Contract Gas (as hereinafter
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

     This Agreement shall be effective as above first stated and
shall terminate on the date the Badak III LNG Sales Contract
terminates.

ARTICLE 2

     2.1  The total quantity of net natural gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of recoverable reserves of natural gas
in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as LNG under the Badak
III LNG Sales Contract is estimated to be 1.643 trillion standard
cubic feet ("t.s.c.f."): such quantity is herein referred to as the
"Badak III Base Net Gas Requirement".  The Badak III Base Net Gas
Requirement is based on the "Fixed Quantities" of LNG which Buyer
is initially committed to purchase under the Badak III LNG Sales
Contract.  In addition to such Fixed Quantities, further quantities
of LNG may be required under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract for
such purposes as cool-down cargoes, LNG which Buyer has an option
or obligation to purchase as additions or adjustments to Fixed
Quantities and "Additional LNG" which may be purchased from time to
time.  The additional quantities of net natural gas, estimated not
to exceed 0.395 t.s.c.f., required to be supplied for liquefaction
and sale in respect of such further amounts of LNG is herein called
the "Badak III Additional Net Gas Requirement". "Fixed Quantities",
"Fixed Quantity Period" and "Additional LNG", as used above, shall
have the meanings defined in the Badak III LNG Sales Contract.

     2.2  Pertamina and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from recoverable reserves of natural gas in the
Huffco Contract Area sufficient natural gas (and LNG resulting from
the liquefaction thereof) to meet a portion of the Badak III Base
Net Gas Requirement and the Badak III Additional Net Gas
Requirement over the term of this Agreement consisting of 0.603
t.s.c.f., or 29.6004% thereof, subject to adjustment provided in
Section 2.4.  Such quantities of net natural gas committed to be
supplied pursuant to this Agreement are herein referred to as the
"Huffco Contract Gas", and the above-stated percentage is herein
referred to as the "Producers' Percentage".

     2.3  To meet the balance of the Badak III Base Net Gas
Requirement and the Badak III Additional Net Gas Requirement 
constituting 1.435 t.s.c.f., subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 2.4, sufficient natural gas (and LNG resulting from the
liquefaction thereof) will be committed for supply and delivery by
Pertamina and its production sharing contractors from recoverable
reserves of natural gas in the Other Contract Areas by separate
supply agreements, similar hereto and compatible herewith, executed
and delivered concurrently herewith (such amounts are herein
collectively referred to as the "Other Contract Gas").

     2.4  The amounts of net natural gas constituting the Huffco
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates
of proved recoverable reserves of natural gas as certified by the
independent petroleum consultant firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton
in written statements dated on or before April 10, 1986, based on
data available on January 31, 1986.  

     The figures for the Huffco Contract Gas, the Other Contract
Gas and the Producers' Percentage set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3
are based on data available as of the date of execution of this
Agreement.  Such figures shall be adjusted to take into account
more accurate data in respect of the various supply sources with
regard to:

     (a)  field shrinkage;
     (b)  past and future flare and fuel use;
     (c)  CO2 and other inert content;
     (d)  plant condensate.

     2.5  Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 2.4, but not later than the date of loading the initial
cargo of LNG for delivery under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract,
Pertamina and Contractors shall execute a memorandum supplemental
to this Agreement confirming the quantity of the Huffco Contract
Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the Producers' Percentage.

ARTICLE 3

     The Huffco Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from different fields at times and production rates which
may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to secure
the optimal ultimate recovery of natural gas. The supply of natural
gas from the Huffco Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas will
be coordinated among Pertamina, Huffco and the operators of the
Other Contract Areas so as to conserve and permit full utilization
of such natural gas.  The sources of supply, producing rates,
quality of gas, metering and related matters shall be matters for
study by the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management Committee,
consisting of representatives from Pertamina, Huffco, Total
Indonesie and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.

ARTICLE 4

     4.1  Pertamina shall be responsible for the due and prompt
administration of the Badak III LNG Sales Contract for the benefit
of Pertamina and Contractors.  All matters which affect the Badak
III LNG Sales Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder
will be administered by a representative to be appointed by
Pertamina and the representative appointed by Contractors under
Article 8.  It is understood, however, that it will be necessary
from time to time for Pertamina, as seller, to take certain
administrative and operational actions without prior consultation
where immediate action is required.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of such action.

     4.2  Pertamina and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the Badak III LNG Sales
Contract.  Pertamina and Contractors shall confer and agree as to
any amendment to the Badak III LNG Sales Contract or to any
permitted action or election thereunder which constitutes a
material adjustment in the quantities of LNG to be sold and
delivered thereunder or change in the terms thereof.  At the
request of any party hereto, a memorandum evidencing such agreement
shall be prepared as soon as feasible and signed by each party
hereto.  

ARTICLE 5

     5.1  Pertamina will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the Huffco Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas
to be transported by LNG tanker from the Bontang Plant and
delivered to Buyer at the "Delivery Point" as defined in the Badak
III LNG Sales Contract.  Title to each Contractor's share of LNG
extracted from the Huffco Contract Gas shall pass to Pertamina eo
instante with the passage of title from Pertamina to Buyer.

     5.2  At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG to Buyer at
the Delivery Point, Pertamina will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and quality
thereof, together with copies of the invoices to Buyer covering
such shipment.  Pertamina will also furnish to Contractors a copy
of each invoice or billing delivered to Buyer on account of (a)
take-or-pay, (b) interest or (c) other payment obligation of Buyer
under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract, concurrently with its being
furnished to Buyer.  Calculation of the "Contract Sales Price"
under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract, the amount of sales
invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any adjustments,  shall
be reviewed and approved by Pertamina and Contractors prior to
presentation to Buyer.

ARTICLE 6

     6.1  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of natural gas to be
supplied under this Agreement shall be its Production Sharing
Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the sum of:

          (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyer to Pertamina for LNG
sold and delivered under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract;

          (b)  all other amounts which Buyer shall become obligated
to pay pursuant to the Badak III LNG Sales Contract including,
without limitation, amounts payable:
               (i)     on account of LNG required to be taken but
                       which is not taken by Buyer;

               (ii)    pursuant to Paragraph 2 of the letter
                       between Pertamina and Buyer of even date
                       with the Badak III LNG Sales Contract for
                       deposit in the Disputed Force Majeure
                       Account under the Disputed Force Majeure
                       Account Agreement dated March 19, 1987
                       (herein referred to as the "Disputed Force
                       Majeure Account Agreement")  which amounts
                       are subsequently distributable to Pertamina
                       pursuant to such letter and agreement; and

               (iii)   for interest accruing on overdue invoice
                       payments or pursuant to Paragraphs 2(b) and
                       (c) of the letter referred to in (ii)
                       above;

          (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the Huffco Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and

          (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
this Section 6.1.

     6.2  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of
the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section
6.1, Pertamina hereby assigns to each Contractor that Contractor's
Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of all
amounts referred to in Section 6.1.

     6.3  Throughout the term of this Agreement, all payments
referred to in Section 6.1, except as otherwise provided in
paragraph 2 of the letter referred to in Section 6.1(b)(ii), shall
be paid in U.S. Dollars, directly to Continental Bank International
in New York City (or such other leading bank in the United States
as shall be selected by Pertamina and approved by Contractors)
pursuant to a Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, the parties to
which shall be Pertamina, Contractors, the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee thereunder. 
Pertamina shall instruct Chemical Bank (or any successor bank under
the Disputed Force Majeure Account Agreement) in writing to the
effect that all amounts distributable by such bank to Pertamina
pursuant to Section 5 of the Disputed Force Majeure Account
Agreement shall be paid by such bank to Continental Bank
International (or its "Successor") pursuant to the said Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement.  Cargo insurance policies covering LNG
transported for sale under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract shall
specify that all proceeds shall be paid to Continental Bank
International (or its "Successor") pursuant to said Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement.   The said Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreement shall provide that amounts received by the Trustee shall
be used for payment of Financing Costs, Transportation Costs, Plant
Operating Costs and other costs approved by Pertamina and
Contractors.  Amounts received by the Trustee, to the extent that
they are not used for payment of the costs referred to in the
preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable to the
Huffco Contract Gas, be disbursed to Pertamina and each Contractor
in accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage at a bank or
banks of its choice.  

     6.4  (a)  The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 6 shall extend throughout the term of this
Agreement and shall not be affected by the production rates or
sources of natural gas supplied from the Huffco Contract Area or
the Other Contract Areas from time to time during the term hereof.

          (b)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the Huffco Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement
exceed in the aggregate the quantity of the Huffco Contract Gas, 
the Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be paid to Pertamina
and Contractors hereunder) will not be increased, except in the
event of an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.4(d), and
Contractors, together with Pertamina, will be credited with and
have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net natural gas from
reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such excess
quantities.

          (c)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the Huffco Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement
are in the aggregate less than the quantity of the Huffco Contract
Gas, the Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be paid to
Pertamina and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced, except in
the event of an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.4(d), and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas,
together with Pertamina, will be credited with and have the right
to receive revenue from future marketing opportunities in respect
of a quantity of net natural gas from reserves in the Huffco
Contract Area equal to excess quantities delivered from sources
within the Other Contract Areas.
 
          (d)  If an insufficiency of deliverable reserves of
natural gas shall occur which precludes the delivery from
participating fields within the Huffco Contract Area or from
participating fields within either or both of the Other Contract
Areas of the aggregate amount of natural gas committed therefrom
pursuant to this Agreement or to one or both of the supply
agreements referred to in Section 2.3 over the term thereof, then
such insufficiency shall be delivered from participating fields
within the area(s) not experiencing an insufficiency of deliverable
reserves and the Producers' Percentage  shall thereupon be adjusted
(together with a corresponding adjustment to the Huffco Contract
Gas) to reflect the revised share of the net natural gas in support
of Pertamina's obligations under the Badak III LNG Sales Contract
which will be supplied and delivered from the Huffco Contract Area
over the term hereof, such adjustment in the Producers' Percentage
to apply only to payments provided for in this Article 6 received
after the date thereof.  The procedure for determining (a) an
insufficiency in deliverable reserves, (b) the allocation between
the Huffco Contract Area and one  of Other Contract Areas of the
right to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the Other Contract
Gas or the allocation between the Other Contract Areas of the right
to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the Huffco Contract Gas,
and (c) the calculation of the future Producers' Percentage shall
be made in accordance with principles to be decided upon by
Pertamina.  

ARTICLE 7

     ALL DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL 
BE FINALLY SETTLED BY ARBITRATION CONDUCTED IN THE ENGLISH 
LANGUAGE IN PARIS, FRANCE, BY THREE ARBITRATORS UNDER THE RULES 
OF
ARBITRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.  
JUDGMENT
UPON THE AWARD RENDERED MAY BE ENTERED IN ANY COURT HAVING
JURISDICTION, OR APPLICATION MAY BE MADE TO SUCH COURT FOR A
JURIDICAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE AWARD AND AN ORDER OF ENFORCEMENT, 
AS
THE CASE MAY BE.

     THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, UNITED STATES

OF AMERICA.  

ARTICLE 8

     Huffco is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 and for the giving of notices, responses or other
communications to and from Contractors under this Agreement. 
Such representative may be changed by written notice to such
effect from Contractors to Pertamina.

ARTICLE 9

     Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail or telex to the following addresses:

     To Pertamina:

     PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
     (PERTAMINA)
     Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
     Jakarta, Indonesia 
     Attention:  Head of BKKA
     Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
     Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
     Telecopy:  5200834


     To Contractors:

     HUFFCO INDONESIA
     6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
     South Tower
     JL.H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
     P.O. Box 2828
     Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
     Attention:  President
     Cable:  Huffco
     Telex:  79644421
     Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037

          cc:  Roy M. Huffington, Inc.
               InterFirst Plaza
               1100 Louisiana
               P.O. Box 4455
               Houston, Texas 77210
               U.S.A.
               Attention:  President
               Telex:  762-810
               Telecopy:  (713) 651-0104


A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.

ARTICLE 10

     10.1 This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except
by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

     10.2 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be
binding upon, Pertamina and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Agreement shall be
assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contract.

     10.3 The parties to this Agreement shall be the only persons
or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder of the
other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not parties to
this Agreement shall have the right to enforce any of the
obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto.

 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Pertamina and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement
on the day and year first written above, but effective as of
March 19, 1987.

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK     CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
                                   ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.



BY ___________/s/______________    BY ________/s/__________

                                        
                                   HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



                                   BY _________/s/_________

                                        
                                   VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY



                                   BY __________/s/_________

                                        
                                   VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



                                   BY ___________/s/_________

                                        
                                   ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED



                                   BY ___________/s/_________


                                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                   LIMITED



                                   BY ___________/s/__________


                                   UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.



                                   BY ___________/s/__________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.45
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG LPG SUPPLY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                               BONTANG LPG
                            SUPPLY AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the 17th
day of November, 1987, but effective as of the 15th day of July,
1986, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
NEGARA ("Pertamina"), on the one hand, and ROY M. HUFFINGTON,
INC. ("Huffco"), HUFFINGTON CORPORATION, VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY, VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED,
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED and UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.
(herein referred to collectively as "Contractors" and
individually as "Contractor"), on the other hand,

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Production Sharing
Contract, dated August 8, 1968, as amended, by and between PN
Pertambangan Minyak Nasional, predecessor of Pertamina as the Oil
and Gas State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia, on the one
hand, and Huffco and Virginia International Company (predecessors 
in interest to Contractors) on the other (such contract as
heretofore and hereafter amended is herein referred to as the
"Production Sharing Contract" and the area covered thereby is
herein referred to as the "Huffco Contract Area"); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contract, each of
Pertamina and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell
and freely export its respective share of the natural gas
produced and saved from the Huffco Contract Area (the percentage
share of such natural gas to which each of Pertamina and
Contractors is entitled, as determined under the Production
Sharing Contract, is herein referred to as the "Production
Sharing Percentage" of such party); and 

         WHEREAS, the reserves of natural gas in the Huffco Contract
Area exceed the reserves committed to be produced, supplied and
delivered by Pertamina and Contractors to meet a portion of
Pertamina's existing obligations under LNG sales contracts ("LNG
Sales Contracts") and domestic gas sales contracts; and 

         WHEREAS, Pertamina, with assistance from Contractors, is
constructing one additional liquefaction train, together with
such additional support facilities as may be required at the
natural gas liquefaction plant located at Bontang Bay, on the
east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia,  as well as constructing
facilities for the liquefaction, fractionation, storage and
loading of liquefied petroleum gas ("LPG") (such LPG facilities 
are hereinafter referred to as the "Bontang LPG Facilities"; the
Bontang LPG Facilities, the liquefaction plant and such
additional liquefaction train and support facilities are
hereinafter referred to as the "Bontang Plant"); and

         WHEREAS, Pertamina and Contractors are parties to the
Bontang LNG Processing Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1983 (as
from time to time amended, the "Processing Agreement") and will
amend the Processing Agreement to provide for the extraction of
LPG at the Bontang Plant, the operation of the Bontang Plant and
the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as
determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein
referred to as "Plant Operating Costs"); and

         WHEREAS, Pertamina and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang LPG Facilities for the extraction of LPG from natural gas
supplied and delivered from the Huffco Contract Area and from
other contract areas in East Kalimantan (the "Other Contract
Areas"), with delivery of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities
commencing on or about January 1, 1989; and

         WHEREAS, Pertamina, in collaboration with Contractors, its
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas
(Contractors and such other production sharing contractors are 
hereinafter referred to as the "Bontang Group") and Mobil Oil
Indonesia Inc. ("Mobil"), has executed seven LPG Sales and
Purchase Contracts, dated July 15, 1986, between Pertamina as 
seller, and each of Nippon Petroleum Gas Co., Ltd., Idemitsu
Kosan Gas Co., Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Mitsubishi
Corporation, Mitsui Liquefied Gas Co., Ltd., Kyodo Oil Co., Ltd.,
and Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., as buyers (such contracts being
hereinafter referred to collectively as "Initial LPG Sales
Contracts" and individually as an "Initial LPG Sales Contract")
for the sale and supply of (a) LPG manufactured at the Bontang
LPG Facilities from natural gas produced by Pertamina and
Contractors from the Huffco Contract Area and by Pertamina and
its other production sharing contractors from the Other Contract
Areas and (b) LPG manufactured at the LPG facilities located in
North Sumatra (the "Arun LPG Facilities") from natural gas
produced by Pertamina and its production sharing contractor Mobil
from Contract Area B in North Sumatra.  [Buyers under the Initial
LPG Sales Contracts, under LPG sales contracts entered into in
substitution for any of such contracts, or under contracts or
agreements entered into to mitigate damages under such contracts,
and Arun Bontang Project Finance Co., Ltd. ("ABPF") as assignee
under the Assignments (as hereinafter defined) are hereinafter
collectively referred to as "Buyers" and individually as a
"Buyer" and the Initial LPG Sales Contracts and any sales
contract entered into in substitution for any such contract or
any contract or agreement entered into to mitigate damages under
any such contract are hereinafter collectively referred to as
"LPG Sales Contracts" and individually as an "LPG Sales
Contract"]; and  

         WHEREAS, Pertamina has entered into a Memorandum on LPG
Extraction, dated January 30, 1986 (together with the
implementation agreement contemplated thereunder, the
"Compensation Memorandum"), with certain of its Japanese LNG
buyers, to compensate such LNG buyers for certain additional
costs incurred by such LNG buyers as a result of the change in
BTU value of LNG after the extraction of LPG in support of the
LPG Sales Contracts; and 

         WHEREAS, funds for the construction of the Bontang LPG
Facilities will be provided to Pertamina through advance payments
for LPG to be made by ABPF pursuant to a Bontang LPG Project
Advance Payment Agreement dated as of February 18, 1987 ("Advance
Payment Agreement") which provides that the Buyers (other than
ABPF) shall assign to ABPF (the "Assignments") a portion of the
LPG otherwise to be sold to such Buyers under the LPG Sales
Contracts and that settlements of the amounts payable to ABPF
pursuant to the Advance Payment Agreement will be made ordinarily
by ABPF's setting off or crediting such amounts against the
amounts due Pertamina for the purchase price of LPG bought by
ABPF pursuant to the LPG Sales Contracts and the Assignments; and


         WHEREAS, Pertamina and each Contractor desires to supply and
deliver natural gas from the Huffco Contract Area in support of
the performance by Pertamina of an agreed portion of its
obligations under the LPG Sales Contracts and the Compensation
Memorandum; and

         WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the Huffco Contract Gas (as
hereinafter defined) in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement,

         NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1

         This Agreement shall be effective as above first stated and
shall terminate on the date that the last of the LPG Sales
Contracts terminates, except that with regard to the obligations
relating to the Producers' Percentage (as hereinafter defined) of
an agreed portion of the quantities of natural gas required to 
support the performance by Pertamina of its obligations under the
Compensation Memorandum, this Agreement shall terminate on the
earlier of (1) the date on which Pertamina has discharged its
obligations under the Compensation Memorandum with respect to the
Bontang LNG facilities and (2) the date that the last of the LNG
Sales Contracts terminates.  

ARTICLE 2

          2.1     The aggregate quantities of LPG to be sold and
delivered by Pertamina and purchased and received by Buyers
pursuant to the Initial LPG Sales Contracts, as of the date
hereof, are 363,000 metric tons in the build-up year 1988 and
1,950,000 metric tons in each "Fixed Quantity Period" (as defined 
in the Initial LPG Sales Contracts) thereafter.  Of the 363,000
metric tons to be delivered to Buyers in the build-up year 1988
the Arun LPG Facilities shall supply the entire quantity.

                  The quantities of LPG to be sold and delivered by
Pertamina and purchased and received by any given Buyer pursuant
to its LPG Sales Contract during a Fixed Quantity Period (with
respect to each Initial LPG Sales Contract such quantities are
defined therein as the "Fixed Quantity") are hereinafter referred
to as the "Buyer's Fixed Quantity".  Each Buyer's Fixed Quantity
is subject to adjustment pursuant to Article 5.2 of its
respective Initial LPG Sales Contract or under similar provisions
of other LPG Sales Contracts.  Determination of such adjustment
shall be a matter of prior consultation and agreement between
Pertamina and Contractors.

                  It is agreed among the parties that the entire
quantity of LPG produced at the Bontang LPG Facilities and the
Arun LPG Facilities in any Fixed Quantity Period shall be sold
under the LPG Sales Contracts and scheduled for lifting in
accordance therewith to the extent permitted by the terms of the
LPG Sales Contracts.

                  The aggregate quantity of LPG to be produced and
sold from the Bontang LPG Facilities under the LPG Sales
Contracts for each Fixed Quantity Period is herein referred to as
the "Bontang Supply Requirement" and the aggregate quantity of 
LPG to be produced and sold from the Arun LPG Facilities for the
same Fixed Quantity Period is herein referred to as the "Arun
Supply Requirement".  

         2.2(a)   The Arun LPG Facilities shall supply the entire
quantity to be delivered to Buyers in the build-up year 1988. 
Subject to (b) and (c) below, the Bontang Supply Requirement and
the Arun Supply Requirement for each Fixed Quantity Period after
the build-up year, shall be respectively the anticipated
production of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities for the
relevant Fixed Quantity Period and the anticipated production of
LPG from the Arun LPG Facilities for the same Fixed Quantity
Period.  In both cases the anticipated production shall form the
basis of the notice establishing each Buyer's Fixed Quantity
given pursuant to Article 5.2 of the Initial LPG Sales Contracts
or pursuant to any similar provision of other LPG Sales
Contracts.

            (b)   Subject to (c) below, if the sum of the Bontang
Supply Requirement and Arun Supply Requirement established under
(a) above is greater than the aggregate of the "Buyer's Fixed
Quantities" for the relevant Fixed Quantity Period, then the
Bontang Supply Requirement shall be 17.948718 percent of such
aggregate and the Arun Supply Requirement shall be 82.051282
percent of such aggregate.

            (c)   If the Bontang Supply Requirement resulting from
the application of (b) above is greater than the anticipated
production of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities as determined
under (a) above for the relevant Fixed Quantity Period, then the
Bontang Supply Requirement shall be equal to such anticipated
production from the Bontang LPG Facilities and the Arun Supply
Requirement shall be the aggregate of the "Buyer's Fixed
Quantities" minus such anticipated Bontang production.  If the
Arun Supply Requirement resulting from the application of (b)
above is greater than the anticipated production of LPG from the
Arun LPG Facilities as determined under (a) above for the same
Fixed Quantity Period, then the Arun Supply Requirement shall be
equal to such anticipated production from the Arun LPG Facilities
and the Bontang Supply Requirement shall be the aggregate of the
"Buyer's Fixed Quantities" minus such anticipated Arun
production.

         2.3(a)   To the extent possible, all deliveries of LPG to
each Buyer shall be scheduled over each Fixed Quantity Period to
ensure that deliveries are made to each Buyer from each of the
Bontang LPG Facilities and the Arun LPG Facilities in proportion
to their respective supply requirements.

            (b)   To the extent either the Bontang LPG Facilities or
the Arun LPG Facilities are unable to make available sufficient
quantities of LPG to meet such facilities' supply requirement for
any Fixed Quantity Period for any reason other than failure or 
inability of a Buyer to take available quantities of LPG (whether
or not excused by reason of an event of "Force Majeure", as such
event is defined in the LPG Sales Contract, affecting such
Buyer), the shortfall shall be scheduled for delivery by the
other LPG facilities to the extent they can supply the same
within the same Fixed Quantity Period.

                  The supply requirement of the LPG facilities
experiencing the shortfall shall be decreased for such Fixed
Quantity Period during which a shortfall occurs, by the scheduled
quantity which such LPG facilities were unable to supply, and the
supply requirement of the other LPG facilities shall be increased
for such Fixed Quantity Period by the quantity actually delivered
by such other LPG facilities with respect to the shortfall.  

                  No adjustment of a Bontang Supply Requirement or an
Arun Supply Requirement for any Fixed Quantity Period pursuant to
this paragraph (b) shall operate to modify the Bontang Supply
Requirement or the Arun Supply Requirement to be delivered in any
other Fixed Quantity Period.

ARTICLE 3

          3.1     The total quantity of net natural gas required to
be supplied and delivered out of recoverable reserves of natural
gas in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as LPG under the
LPG Sales Contracts, to maintain deliveries of LNG following 
extraction of LPG, and to support an agreed proportion of the
performance by Pertamina of its obligations under the
Compensation Memorandum is estimated to be 0.204 trillion
standard cubic feet ("t.s.c.f."); such quantity is herein
referred to as the "LPG Net Gas Requirement".

                  The LPG Net Gas Requirement is subject to revision
from time to time to account for the actual quantities of LPG
produced at the Bontang Plant and which Buyers may purchase and
lift under the LPG Sales Contracts or side letters thereto.  

         3.2      Pertamina and Contractors hereby commit and agree
to supply and deliver from recoverable reserves of natural gas in
the Huffco Contract Area sufficient natural gas (and LNG
resulting from the liquefaction thereof and LPG extracted
therefrom) to meet a portion of the LPG Net Gas Requirement over
the term of this Agreement consisting of 0.060 t.s.c.f., or
29.6004% thereof, subject to adjustment as provided in Section
3.4.  Such quantities of net natural gas committed to be supplied
pursuant to this Agreement are herein referred to as the "Huffco
Contract Gas", and the above-stated percentage is herein referred
to as the "Producers' Percentage".

          3.3     To meet the balance of the LPG Net Gas Requirement
constituting 0.144 t.s.c.f., subject to adjustment as provided in
Section 3.4, sufficient natural gas (and LNG resulting from the
liquefaction thereof and LPG extracted therefrom) will be 
committed for supply and delivery by Pertamina and its production
sharing contractors from recoverable reserves of natural gas in
the Other Contract Areas by separate supply agreements, similar
hereto and compatible herewith, executed and delivered
concurrently herewith (such amounts are herein collectively
referred to as the "Other Contract Gas").

          3.4     The amounts of net natural gas constituting the
Huffco Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the
estimates of proved recoverable reserves of natural gas as
certified by the independent petroleum consultant firm of
DeGolyer and MacNaughton in written statements dated on or before
April 10, 1986, based on data available on January 31, 1986.  

                  The figures for the Huffco Contract Gas, the Other
Contract Gas and the Producers' Percentage set forth in Sections
3.2 and 3.3 are based on data available as of the date of
execution of this Agreement.  Such figures shall be adjusted to
take into account more accurate data in respect of the various
supply sources with regard to:

             (a)  field shrinkage;
             (b)  past and future flare and fuel use;
             (c)  CO2 and other inert content; 
             (d)  plant condensate.

          3.5     Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 3.4, but not later than the date of loading the initial
cargo of LPG for delivery under the LPG Sales Contracts,
Pertamina and Contractors shall execute a memorandum supplemental
to this Agreement confirming the quantity of the Huffco Contract
Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the Producers' Percentage.

ARTICLE 4

                  The Huffco Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas
may be produced from different fields at times and production
rates which may change from time to time during the term hereof
so as to secure the optimal ultimate recovery of natural gas. The
supply of natural gas from the Huffco Contract Area and the Other
Contract Areas will be coordinated among Pertamina, Huffco and
the operators of the Other Contract Areas so as to conserve and
permit full utilization of such natural gas.  The sources of
supply, producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related
matters shall be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas
Reserves Management Committee, consisting of representatives from
Pertamina, Huffco, Total Indonesie and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.

ARTICLE 5

          5.1     Pertamina shall be responsible for the due and
prompt administration of the LPG Sales Contracts for the benefit
of Pertamina and Contractors.  All matters which affect the LPG 
Sales Contracts or the sale and delivery of LPG thereunder will
be administered by a representative to be appointed by Pertamina
and the representative appointed by Contractors under Article 8. 
It is understood, however, where immediate action is required, it
will be necessary from time to time for Pertamina, as seller, to
take certain administrative and operational actions without prior
consultation.  Contractors will be promptly advised of such
action.

          5.2     Pertamina and Contractors agree to consult with
each other freely on all matters relating to the LPG Sales
Contracts or otherwise relating to the manufacture, sale or
disposition of LPG produced at the Bontang LPG Facilities. 
Pertamina and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the LPG Sales Contracts and as to any permitted
action or election thereunder which constitutes a material
adjustment in the quantities of LPG to be sold and delivered
thereunder or change in the terms thereof.  At the request of any
party hereto, a memorandum evidencing such agreement shall be
prepared as soon as feasible and signed by each party hereto.  

          5.3     Pertamina will cause the LPG produced from the
Huffco Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas to be delivered to
Buyers at the "Delivery Point" as defined in the LPG Sales
Contracts.  Title to each Contractor's share of LPG will pass to
Pertamina eo instante with the passage of title from Pertamina to
Buyers.

          5.4     At the time of delivery of each cargo of LPG from
the Bontang Plant to a Buyer at the Delivery Point, Pertamina
will furnish Contractors with appropriate documentation to
evidence the quantity and quality thereof, together with copies
of the invoices to such Buyer covering such shipment.  Pertamina
will also furnish to Contractors a copy of each invoice or other
billing delivered to a Buyer on account of (a) damages resulting
from such Buyer's failure to meet its "Lifting Obligation" as
defined in the relevant LPG Sales Contract; (b) interest; or (c)
other payment obligations of said Buyer under the LPG Sales
Contract insofar as the same relates to LPG scheduled for
delivery from the Bontang LPG Facilities, concurrently with its
being furnished to the Buyer.  Calculation of the "Contract Sales
Prices" under the LPG Sales Contracts, the amount of sales
invoices and other billings to Buyers, and any adjustments shall
be reviewed and approved by Pertamina and Contractors prior to
presentation to Buyers.

          5.5     In the event a Buyer fails, or if it is anticipated
that a Buyer will be unable, to take delivery of a quantity of
LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities when so required in
accordance with the terms of the applicable LPG Sales Contract,
Pertamina and Contractors shall agree on the measures to be taken
to dispose of such LPG or, if necessary, to curtail the
manufacture of LPG at the Bontang LPG Facilities.  It is
understood that the measures to be taken should avoid adversely
affecting Pertamina's obligations under the LNG Sales Contracts.  
If Pertamina and Contractors are unable to agree on the measures
to be taken, each shall have the right to take and receive, sell
and freely export its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of such LPG.

ARTICLE 6

          6.1     The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its
share of the LPG produced from natural gas to be supplied under
this Agreement shall be its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of the sum of:

             (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyers to Pertamina for
LPG sold and delivered from the Bontang LPG Facilities under the
LPG Sales Contracts and the Assignments;

             (b)  all other amounts which Buyers shall become
obligated to pay pursuant to the LPG Sales Contracts and the
Assignments, with regard to LPG scheduled for shipment from the
Bontang LPG Facilities, including, without limitation, amounts
payable:

      (i)       for damages payable by a Buyer to Pertamina
                pursuant to Article 5.5 of the Initial LPG
                Sales Contracts resulting from such Buyer's
                failure to meet its "Lifting Obligation" (as
                defined in the relevant Initial LPG Sales 
                Contract), or under similar provisions of
                other LPG Sales Contracts, with respect to
                any shipment scheduled from the Bontang LPG
                Facilities; and

     (ii)       for interest accruing on overdue invoice
                payments; and

             (c)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to
in this Section 6.1.

          6.2     In order to arrange for the receipt by each
Contractor of the payments to which such Contractor is entitled
under Section 6.1, Pertamina hereby assigns to each Contractor
that Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 6.1, other than
amounts payable by ABPF, as assignee under the Assignments, which
are set off or credited against amounts due ABPF or paid to the
"Payment Trustee" pursuant to the Advance Payment Agreement.

          6.3     Throughout the term of this Agreement, all payments
referred to in Section 6.1 shall be paid in U.S. Dollars,
directly to Continental Bank International in New York City (or
such other leading bank in the United States as shall be selected
by Pertamina and approved by Contractors) pursuant to a Trustee
and Paying Agent Agreement, the parties to which shall be
Pertamina, Contractors, the production sharing contractors in the 
Other Contract Areas and the Trustee thereunder.  The Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement shall provide that amounts received by the
Trustee shall be used for payment of an agreed portion of Plant
Operating Costs and other costs approved by Pertamina and
Contractors.  Amounts received by the Trustee, to the extent that
they are not used for payment of the costs referred to in the
preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable to the
Huffco Contract Gas, be disbursed to Pertamina and each
Contractor in accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage
at a bank or banks of its choice.

         6.4(a)   The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 6 shall extend throughout the term of this
Agreement and shall not be affected by the production rates or
sources of natural gas supplied from the Huffco Contract Area or
the Other Contract Areas from time to time during the term
hereof.

             (b)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the Huffco Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement
exceed in the aggregate the quantity of the Huffco Contract Gas,
the Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be paid to
Pertamina and Contractors hereunder) will not be increased,
except in the event of an occurrence contemplated in Section
6.4(d), and Contractors, together with Pertamina, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future 
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net natural
gas from reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such
excess quantities.

             (c)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the Huffco Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement
are in the aggregate less than the quantity of the Huffco
Contract Gas, the Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be
paid to Pertamina and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced,
except in the event of an occurrence contemplated in Section
6.4(d), and the production sharing contractors in the Other
Contract Areas, together with Pertamina, will be credited with
and have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net natural gas from
reserves in the Huffco Contract Area equal to excess quantities
delivered from sources within the Other Contract Areas.

             (d)  If an insufficiency of deliverable reserves of
natural gas shall occur which precludes the delivery from
participating fields within the Huffco Contract Area or from
participating fields within either or both of the Other Contract
Areas of the aggregate amount of natural gas committed therefrom
pursuant to this Agreement or to one or both of the supply
agreements referred to in Section 3.3 over the term thereof, then
such insufficiency shall be delivered from participating fields
within the area(s) not experiencing an insufficiency of
deliverable reserves and the Producers' Percentage shall
thereupon be adjusted (together with a corresponding adjustment 
to the Huffco Contract Gas) to reflect the revised share of the
net natural gas in support of Pertamina's obligations under the
LPG Sales Contracts, to maintain deliveries of LNG following
extraction of LPG, and to support performance by Pertamina of its
obligations under the Compensation Memorandum which will be
supplied and delivered from the Huffco Contract Area over the
term hereof, such adjustment in the Producers' Percentage to
apply only to payments provided for in this Article 6 received
after the date thereof.  The procedure for determining (a) an
insufficiency in deliverable reserves, (b) the allocation between
the Huffco Contract Area and one of the Other Contract Areas of
the right to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the Other
Contract Gas or the allocation between the Other Contract Areas
of the right to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the Huffco
Contract Gas, and (c) the calculation of the future Producers'
Percentage shall be made in accordance with principles to be
decided upon by Pertamina.

ARTICLE 7

         ALL DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
BE FINALLY SETTLED BY ARBITRATION CONDUCTED IN THE ENGLISH
LANGUAGE IN PARIS, FRANCE, BY THREE ARBITRATORS UNDER THE RULES
OF ARBITRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. 
JUDGMENT UPON THE AWARD RENDERED MAY BE ENTERED IN ANY COURT
HAVING JURISDICTION, OR APPLICATION MAY BE MADE TO SUCH COURT FOR
A JURIDICAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE AWARD AND AN ORDER OF
ENFORCEMENT,
AS THE CASE MAY BE.

         THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA.

ARTICLE 8

         Huffco is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 5.1 and for the giving of notices, responses or other
communications to and from Contractors under this Agreement. 
Such representative may be changed by written notice to such
effect from Contractors to Pertamina.

ARTICLE 9

         Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent to
the following addresses:

         To Pertamina:

         PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA 
         ("PERTAMINA")
         Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
         Jakarta, Indonesia 
         Attention:  Head of BKKA

         Cable:      PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
         Telex:      Pertamina, 44134 Jakarta
         Telecopy:   343882

         To Contractors:

         HUFFCO INDONESIA
         6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
         South Tower
         JL.H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
         P.O. Box 2828
         Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
         Attention:  President

         Cable:      HUFFCO
         Telex:      79644421
         Telecopy:   5200174 or 3800037

         cc:  Roy M. Huffington, Inc.
              InterFirst Plaza
              P.O. Box 4455, 1100 Louisiana
              Houston, Texas 77210
              U.S.A.
              Attention:  President

              Telex:      762-810
              Telecopy:   (713) 651-0104

A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.

ARTICLE 10

         10.1     This Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

         10.2     This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and
be binding upon, Pertamina and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Agreement shall be 
assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contract.

         10.3     The parties to this Agreement shall be the only
persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder
of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not
parties to this Agreement shall have the right to enforce any of
the obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Pertamina and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement
the day and year first written above, but effective as of
July 15, 1986.

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK     CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)    
         ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.



BY ___________/s/_____________     BY __________/s/__________

         
         HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



         BY __________/s/__________


         VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY



         BY __________/s/__________


         VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



         BY __________/s/__________

         ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED



         BY __________/s/__________


         UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
         LIMITED



         BY __________/s/__________


         UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.



         BY __________/s/__________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG III PRODUCERS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                BONTANG III

                            PRODUCERS AGREEMENT


                                    by


            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                          ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
                          HUFFINGTON CORPORATION
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY
                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                         UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.
                              TOTAL INDONESIE
                          UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.
                         INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.


                                in favor of


                         TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD.
                           as Tranche A Lender,


                THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN TRUST COMPANY
                    as Agent for the Tranche B Lenders
                         and as Tranche B Lender,


               and the other Tranche B Lenders named herein







                       Dated as of February 9, 1988

 
<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                       Page
PART 1:  PRODUCERS' AGREEMENTS

    1.1   Authorization of Borrowings. . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
    1.2   Approval of Expenditures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
    1.3   Rights to Bontang Plant and Improvements . . . . . . 3
    1.4   No Amendments, etc.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
    1.5   Compliance with Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
    1.6   Enforcement of Agreements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
    1.7   Operation of Bontang Plant . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
    1.8   Replacement of Trustees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
    1.9   Indebtedness; Permitted Amounts. . . . . . . . . . . 8
    1.10  Negative Pledge. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
    1.11  Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
    1.12  Reserve Reports. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
    1.13  Use of Proceeds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
    1.14  Construction of Train E and Receiving Facilities      11
    1.15  Notices Relating to Source of Debt Service and
    Contingent Support . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .11
    1.16  Effect of Certain Reductions of Source of Debt
    Service. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12
    1.17  Payment Instructions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12
    1.18  Payment of Contingent Supports . . . . . . . . . . .14
    1.19  Spot Sales and Long Term Sale Contracts. . . . . . .15
    1.20  Debt Service Accounts; Contingent 
    Support Accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16
    1.21  Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17


PART 2:  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

    2.1   Due Incorporation; Power and Authority . . . . . . .17
    2.2   Legal Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
    2.3   Restrictions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18
    2.4   Registrations and Approvals. . . . . . . . . . . . .18
    2.5   Agreement Binding; No Defaults . . . . . . . . . . .18
    2.6   Litigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18
    2.7   Compliance with Other Instruments, etc.. . . . . . .19
    2.8   Other Agreements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
    2.9   Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
    2.10  No Encumbrance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
    2.11  No Material Adverse Change . . . . . . . . . . . . .19


PART  3: DEFAULTS

    3.1   Default Defined. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20
    3.2   Remedy for Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
    3.3   Diversion and Remedy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22
    3.4   Liability Share Defined. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23
    3.5   Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .24


PART  4:   INSURED LOSS

    4.1  Effect of Total Loss of Train E Prior to Operational
    Acceptance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .24
    4.2  Effect of Total Loss of Bontang Plant . . . . . . . .25
    4.3  Insurance Shortfall . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .26
    4.4  Other Losses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .26


PART 5:  SCOPE OF PRODUCERS' LIABILITIES


PART 6:  MISCELLANEOUS

    6.1   Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
    6.2   No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . . . . . . . . . . .28
    6.3 Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Participations      28
    6.4   Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
    6.5   Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30
    6.6   Section Headings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30
    6.7   Governing Law. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30
    6.8   Consent to Jurisdiction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30
    6.9   Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
    6.10  Reinstatement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .32
    6.11  Confidentiality. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .32


Schedule 1   Liability Share Percentages
<PAGE>
                                BONTANG III

                            PRODUCERS AGREEMENT




                                                 Dated as of
                                                           February 9, 1988

Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as Tranche A Lender, 
    and
The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company, 
as Agent for the Tranche B Lenders, 
under the Loan Agreement

Dear Sirs:

    Each of the undersigned Producers confirms that it has
authorized and requested the Trustee to enter into the Loan
Agreement.  In connection therewith, the undersigned Producers
hereby confirm for your benefit and for the benefit of the other
parties to such Loan Agreement executing this Agreement, any
permitted successor or successors to your or their interests
thereunder and the holders of the Notes referred to in such Loan
Agreement the matters set forth below.


                                 * * * * *


    As used above and below in this Agreement, the following
capitalized expressions shall have the meanings set forth below,
such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of such expressions.

    "Approved Institutions" means the United States
headquarters or a United States branch of the following financial
institutions: (i) any branch or affiliate of Continental Bank
International with the power to act as Trustee or (ii) any other
bank, trust company or financial institution (in each case with
trust powers) which (1) has a net worth in excess of
$100,000,000.00 or (2) has outstanding debt securities rated A or
better by Standard and Poors' Corporation or its equivalent by
Moody's Investors Service or another nationally recognized rating
agency in the United States.

    "Bontang Excess Sales Trustee" has the meaning set forth
in Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

    "Bontang I Trustee" has the meaning set forth in Article
1 of the Trust Agreement.

    "Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1
hereof.

    "Default Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.2 hereof.

    "Diversion" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3
hereof.

    "Diversion Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.3 hereof.

    "Gas Supply Area" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.12(a) hereof.

    "Insurance Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.3 hereof.

    "Jilco" means Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd.

    "Liability Share" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.4 hereof.

    "Loan Agreement" means the Bontang III Loan Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, among the Trustee, as borrower
thereunder, the Tranche A Lender, the Tranche B Lenders and the
Agent and the Lead Managers parties thereto, as hereafter amended.

    "1974 Development Agreement" means the Loan Agreement for
Badak dated as of May 17, 1974, between Pertamina and Jilco, as
heretofore and hereafter amended.

    "1981 Development Agreement" means the Badak Expansion
LNG Facility Development Agreement dated as of June 10, 1981
between Pertamina and Jilco, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

    "Plant Insurance" has the meaning set forth in Section
1.11(b) hereof.

    "Plant Insurance Proceeds" has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.11(b) hereof.

    "Special Long Term Sales Trustee" has the meaning set
forth in Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

    "Trustee" means Continental Bank International, as
Bontang III Trustee under the Trust Agreement, and its successors
thereunder pursuant to Section 1.8 hereof.

    In addition to the definitions set forth above, and
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, capitalized
expressions which are defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein
with the meanings defined in the Loan Agreement, unless the context
shall otherwise specifically require.
                                 * * * * *

                                  PART 1
                           PRODUCERS' AGREEMENTS

    Each of the Producers covenants to the Lenders solely as to
itself until payment in full of the principal of and interest on
the Notes and payment in full of all amounts owing under the Loan
Agreement at the time of such payment in full of such Notes, unless
compliance with the provisions of this Part 1 shall have been
waived by the Majority Lenders, to do and perform the following:

         1.1  Authorization of Borrowings.  Each of the Producers
has reviewed the Loan Agreement and has authorized and requested
the Borrower to enter into the Loan Agreement, not in its
individual capacity but solely as Trustee under the Trust
Agreement, to make and repay Borrowings, to pay interest on the
Borrowings, to pay other amounts and to perform the other
obligations of the Borrower, all of the foregoing under and in
accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement.  For purposes of
effecting each Borrowing, each Producer other than Pertamina has
duly authorized Pertamina and designated Pertamina as its agent
with full power and authority on behalf of such Producer to
authorize and request the Borrower to effect such Borrowing or to
designate an entity and individuals in accordance with the Trust
Agreement to do the same, or both.  Pertamina agrees to perform on
its own behalf and on behalf of the other Producers the obligations
authorized pursuant to, and accepts the designation contained in,
this Section 1.1 and in the Trust Agreement.
    
         1.2  Approval of Expenditures.  The Producers confirm
that in accordance with Article 10 of the Processing Agreement they
have made arrangements among themselves whereby, and the Producers
hereby covenant to the Lenders that, all invoices of project
creditors shall be approved or disapproved in good faith in
accordance with objective standards customarily followed in the oil
and gas industry in construction activities of the sort
contemplated.

         1.3  Rights to Bontang Plant and Improvements.  The
Producers agree that Pertamina shall exclusively hold and shall
continue to maintain title to the Bontang Plant, and all rights and
interests in and to the Bontang Plant, subject with respect to
Pertamina's rights and interests to rights and interests created
under the Basic Agreements and any rights and interests created in
other parties which do not, and will not during any Contingent
Support Period, adversely affect the processing of LNG thereat in
the amounts and in the manner contemplated by the Processing
Agreement for sale under the LNG Sales Contract and under the Chubu
Sales Contract, the 1973 LNG Sales Contract or the Korean Quanti-
ties Agreement, and Pertamina agrees that it will not create, incur
or suffer to exist any Encumbrances on the Bontang Plant, except
for Encumbrances arising pursuant to statute or otherwise by
operation of law, which shall be discharged in the ordinary course
of business and shall not be enforced by attachment or levy.

<PAGE>
         1.4  No Amendments, etc.  Each of the Producers agrees:

         (a)  with respect to the Trust Agreement and each
Contingent Support Trust Agreement, such Producer shall not (i)
terminate or revoke such Trust Agreement or Contingent Support
Trust Agreement, or (ii) amend, modify, revise, supplement or waive
any of the provisions of (1) Article 1, 4 or 10 or Section 2.1,
2.2, 2.4, 2.5, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.7 or 6.1 or the second sentence of
Section 8.2 of the Trust Agreement, in each case other than to
permit the Borrower to enter into Subordinated Indebtedness, (2)
Article 1, 6 or 9 or Section 2.1, 2.2, 2.4, 2.5, 3.1, 3.2, the last
sentence of Section 4.1 or the second sentence of each of Sections
7.2 and 10.2 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement, (3) the
Definitions, Article 2, 3, 4 or 10 or Section 1.1, 1.2, 1.4, 1.5,
1.6, 1.7, 5.1, 5.2, the last sentence of each of Sections 6.1 and
7.1, or Section 8.2(b), 14.1, 14.2 or 14.6 of the Bontang I Trust
Agreement, (4) such Sections of each Special Long Term Sales Trust
Agreement relating to those matters that are comparable to the
foregoing which the Majority Lenders may require or (5) any other
provision of the Trust Agreement or any Contingent Support Trust
Agreement, if any such amendment, modification, revision, supple-
ment or waiver would or would be likely to affect adversely the
trust created under the Trust Agreement or any Contingent Support
Trust Agreement, the rights of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement
or Notes or the ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations
under such Loan Agreement or Notes or (iii) change or agree to the
change of the trustee thereunder, except as contemplated by Section
1.8 hereof;

         (b)  except as contemplated by Section 1.16 hereof, with
respect to each Basic Agreement, each Contingent Support Agreement
and the Korean Sales Contract to which it is a party, such Producer
shall not (i) terminate or revoke such Basic Agreement, Contingent
Support Agreement or Korean Sales contract or (ii) amend, modify,
revise, supplement or waive any of the provisions of such Basic
Agreement, Contingent Support Agreement or Korean Sales Contract if
any such amendment, modification, revision, supplement or waiver
would or would be likely to (1) cause the Debt Coverage Ratio under
the Loan Agreement at any time that amounts are outstanding
thereunder to be less than 200% or adversely affect the payment to
the Lenders under the Loan Agreement of any amounts thereunder if
the Debt Coverage Ratio already is or is likely to be less than
200%, or (2) conflict with or affect adversely the rights of the
Lenders under the Loan Agreement or Notes or the obligations of the
Borrower under the Loan Agreement, Notes or Trust Agreement or
conflict with or impair the obligations of the Producers pursuant
to this Agreement (other than an assignment permitted pursuant to
Section 6.3 hereof); and

         (c)  with respect to the LNG Sales Contract, Pertamina
shall not (i) consent to the Buyer's assignment or delegation of
any of the Buyer's rights or obligations under such LNG Sales
Contract or (ii) amend, modify, revise, supplement or waive the
definitions of Start-up and Receiving Facilities contained therein
or alter the use or meaning of such definitions.

Any consent of the Majority Lenders necessary to permit any action
otherwise prohibited by this Section 1.4 shall not be unreasonably
withheld.  Each of the Producers shall promptly provide or cause to
be provided to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent copies of any
agreement or document evidencing any amendment, modification,
revision, supplement or waiver of any of the Trust Agreement, the
Contingent Support Trust Agreements, the Basic Agreements or the
Contingent Support Agreements to which it is a party or of any
provision of any thereof not requiring the consent of the Lenders
pursuant to this Section 1.4 and, in the case of an amendment to
the Trust Agreement providing for Subordinated Indebtedness with
respect to amounts to be held and distributed under the Trust
Agreement, copies of the proposed amendment not less than 10
Business Days prior to execution thereof.

         1.5   Compliance with Agreements.  Each of the Producers
agrees that it will duly perform in a timely manner each obligation
contemplated to be performed by it under this Agreement and the
Trust Agreement, including, without limitation, (a) giving notices,
instructions, certificates (including, without limitation,
certificates as to the accuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement and the compliance by the
Producers with the terms of this Agreement), approvals and
communications necessary or appropriate in order (i) to effect
Borrowings, repayments and payments by the Trustee as Borrower
under and in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement and
(ii) to permit the Borrower to perform its other obligations under
the Loan Agreement, (b) providing financial and other information
to the Trustee to be supplied to the Lenders under and in
accordance with the Loan Agreement, and (c) giving of other
notices, instructions, approvals and communications contemplated by
the Trust Agreement.  Each of the Producers that is a party thereto
also agrees duly to perform its obligations under the Construction
Agreement, Supply Agreements and LNG Sales Contract, except in
respects which are not material and not likely to give rise to the
assertion of a claim for breach thereunder, and to perform in all
material respects the terms of the other Basic Agreements, the
Contingent Support Agreements and the Contingent Support Trust
Agreements to which it is a party, as the same may be amended from
time to time as permitted by Section 1.4 hereof, but in the case of
the Contingent Support Agreements and the Contingent Support Trust
Agreements only to the extent related to Contingent Support or
Source of Contingent Support.  Pertamina shall insure that one or
more appropriate LNG sales contracts is or are designated as the
"Designated LNG Sales Contract(s)" pursuant to Section 2 of the
Korean Quantities Agreement.

         1.6  Enforcement of Agreements.  The Producers agree
that, if the Borrower shall fail to perform any of its obligations
under the Trust Agreement or if during any Contingent Support
Period any relevant trustee under a Contingent Support Trust
Agreement shall fail to perform any of its obligations under such
Contingent Support Trust Agreement with respect to amounts which
constitute Source of Contingent Support or Contingent Support, then
the Producers shall give written notice to the Borrower or such
trustee as promptly as practical under the circumstances demanding
that all of the Borrower's obligations under the Trust Agreement or
all of such trustee's obligations under the Contingent Support
Trust Agreement be immediately performed and simultaneously deliver
a copy of such notice to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent.  Each
Producer shall promptly enforce all legal rights it possesses
against the Borrower or such trustee to compel performance by the
Borrower of its obligations under the Trust Agreement, or by such
trustee of its obligations under the Contingent Support Trust
Agreement with respect to amounts which constitute Source of
Contingent Support or Contingent Support, and give notices from
time to time to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent with respect to
the actions being taken.  Each of the Producers that is a party
thereto shall, with due diligence and in a reasonable and prudent
manner, enforce its rights (a) against the EPC Contractor (as
defined in the Development Plan) under the Construction Agreement,
(b) under the LNG Sales Contract, the Side Letter and the Disputed
Force Majeure Account Agreement and the Contingent Support
Agreements that relate to payment of amounts constituting the
Source of Debt Service, Source of Contingent Support or Contingent
Support, (c) under the Plant Use Agreement, (d) under the
Processing Agreement and (e) under the Transportation Agreement.

         1.7  Operation of Bontang Plant.  Those Producers that
are shareholders of P.T. Badak shall use their best efforts, as
shareholders, to cause P.T. Badak or any successor to P.T. Badak
under the Plant Use Agreement to operate the Bontang Plant in the
manner required pursuant to the Plant Use Agreement and to perform
its obligations under the Processing Agreement in the manner
required under the Processing Agreement.

         1.8  Replacement of Trustees. (a) The Producers may, with
the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, and shall, if
any of the circumstances set forth in Section 1.8(b) hereof shall
have occurred and be continuing and if requested by the Majority
Lenders, appoint one of the institutions referred to in clause (ii)
of the definition of Approved Institutions, if any of the
circumstances set forth in Sections 1.8(b)(i), (ii) and (iii)(3)
hereof shall have occurred and, with respect to any other
circumstance referred to in Section 1.8(b) hereof, appoint any
institution other than a branch of the Borrower referred to in such
definition, as successor trustee under the Trust Agreement and each
Contingent Support Trust Agreement, such appointment for purposes
of this Agreement to become effective upon the written confirmation
by such institution, solely in its capacity as successor trustee
under the Trust Agreement and each Contingent Support Trust
Agreement, of its assumption of the obligations of successor
trustee under such Trust Agreement and each Contingent Support
Trust Agreement and of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, all
of the Notes and the Letter Agreement.

         (b)   The circumstances referred to in Section 1.8(a)
hereof are as follows:

              (i)  The Borrower, Continental Bank International
    or Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company or any
    successor trustee appointed pursuant to this Section 1.8
    shall:

                   (1)  make an assignment for the benefit of
    creditors; or

                   (2)  file a petition in bankruptcy, petition
    or apply to any tribunal or applicable regulatory authority
    for the appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or
    official with similar powers for it or a substantial part of
    its property or assets, or commence any case or proceeding
    under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
    readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or similar
    law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter
    in effect; or

                   (3)  if there shall have been filed any such
    petition or application, or any such case or proceeding shall
    have been commenced against it, indicate its consent to,
    approval of or acquiescence in any such petition, application,
    case or proceeding or any order for relief or the appointment
    of a custodian, receiver, trustee or official with similar
    powers or regulatory authority for it or any substantial part
    of any of its properties or assets, or suffer to exist any
    such case or proceeding in which an order for relief is
    entered, or suffer any such custodianship, receivership,
    trusteeship or jurisdiction of such similar official or
    regulatory authority to continue undischarged for a period of
    30 days or more; or

                   (4)  generally be unable to or generally fail
    to pay its debts as such debts become due; or

                   (5)  have concealed, removed, or permitted to
    be concealed or removed, any part of its property, with intent
    to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors or any of them, or
    made or suffered a transfer of any of its property which may
    be fraudulent under any bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or
    similar law or shall have suffered or permitted, while
    insolvent, any creditor to obtain an Encumbrance upon any of
    its property through legal proceedings or distraint which is
    not vacated within 30 days from the date such Encumbrance is
    created; or

                   (6)  take appropriate corporate action
    required to authorize any of the foregoing; or

              (ii)  The Borrower or any successor trustee
    appointed pursuant to this Section 1.8 shall fail to perform
    any of its obligations under the Trust Agreement, or any other
    trustee shall, during a Contingent Support Period, fail to
    perform any of its obligations relating to Source of
    Contingent Support or Contingent Support relevant to such
    Contingent Support Period under any of the Contingent Support
    Trust Agreements; or

              (iii)  Continental Bank International shall:

                   (1)  cease to be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
    Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company; or

                   (2)  dispose of all or substantially all of its
assets; or

                   (3)  fail to pay principal of, or premium or
    interest on, any of its Indebtedness in a material amount when
    due for payment, whether by acceleration or otherwise, but
    after giving effect to all applicable grace and waiver periods
    provided for in the agreement or instrument creating or
    evidencing such Indebtedness; or

              (iv) Any suit, legal action or proceeding or
    governmental investigation shall be commenced, or any Legal
    Requirement shall be in effect, which questions the power,
    authority or capacity of the Borrower, Continental Bank
    International, any trustee under a Contingent Support Trust
    Agreement or any successor trustee under the Trust Agreement
    or a Contingent Support Trust Agreement to enter into the
    Trust Agreement or any Contingent Support Trust Agreement, or
    to serve thereunder in accordance with the terms thereof or
    to perform any material obligation thereunder, or in the case
    of the Borrower, to enter into the Loan Agreement or to
    perform any material obligation thereunder.

         1.9  Indebtedness; Permitted Amounts.

         (a)  The Producers shall not and shall not authorize or
request the Borrower or any other Person to create, assume or
become liable for, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness
pursuant to any agreement that will charge or be paid out of (x)
the Source of Debt Service or Contingent Support received by the
Trustee, in each case prior to its deposit in the Bontang III
Payment Account, except for (i) all obligations and liabilities
under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, (ii)
any Subordinated Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.4 of
the Loan Agreement and (iii) obligations in respect of Pari Passu
Swap Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Loan
Agreement, or (y) any Borrowed Amounts, except for the purposes for
which such Borrowed Amounts are borrowed.

         (b)  The Producers shall neither enter into, nor
authorize or request any Person to enter into, financing agreements
or otherwise create, assume or become liable for directly or
indirectly any Indebtedness pursuant to any agreement, that will,
during any Contingent Support Period, charge or be paid out of any
amount of Contingent Support required to be paid to the Trustee or
reduce any, amount of Source of Contingent Support payable under
any Contingent Support Agreement or Contingent Support Trust
Agreement nor from and after the first day of any Contingent
Support Period and so long as such Contingent Support Period shall
continue will the Producers suffer to exist any such Indebtedness
pursuant to any agreement, except as provided in the relevant
Contingent Support Trust Agreement and, with respect to the 1973
LNG Sales Contract, except as permitted pursuant to LNG Capital
Projects Loan Agreements No. 1, dated as of September 10, 1986, and
No. 2, dated as of June 9, 1987 as such Loan Agreements are in
existence on the date hereof.

         (c)  With respect to each Contingent Support Trust
Agreement, the Producers shall not authorize, request or permit the
trustee thereunder during any relevant Contingent Support Period to
pay, set aside, charge or deduct out of or from any Source of
Contingent Support or Contingent Support any amounts other than any
Permitted Amounts.

         1.10 Negative Pledge.  The Producers shall not create or
agree to, or authorize or request the Borrower or any other Person
to create or agree to, any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt
Service prior to its deposit in the Bontang III Payment Account, on
any Borrowed Amounts or, during any Contingent Support Period, on
any Source of Contingent Support relating to such Contingent
Support Period or on any Contingent Support required to be paid to
the Trustee, nor from and after the first day of a Contingent
Support Period and so long as such Contingent Support Period shall
continue shall the Producers suffer any such Encumbrance to exist,
except any Encumbrance, if any, (a) arising pursuant to the Trust
Agreement or (subject to Section 1.9(c)) the Contingent Support
Trust Agreements or in favor of the holders of Indebtedness as
permitted in accordance with Section 1.9 hereof, (b) arising
pursuant to the Transportation Agreement, dated as of September 23,
1973, between Burmast East Shipping Corporation and Pertamina, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, (c) arising pursuant to statute
or otherwise by operation of law in connection with the
Transportation Agreement or any transportation agreement related to
the Source of Contingent Support or Contingent Support (other than
the one referred to in clause (b) above) and discharged in the
ordinary course of business, (d) arising from the assignments made
in the Supply Agreements by Pertamina to the other Producers of the
production sharing percentages of such Producers of amounts payable
by the Buyer under the LNG Sales Contract and certain other amounts
as provided in the Supply Agreements, or (e) arising from the
assignments made in the relevant supply agreements by Pertamina to
the other Producers of the production sharing percentages of such
Producers of amounts payable by the buyers under the Contingent
Support Agreements and certain other amounts as provided in such
supply agreements.

         1.11 Insurance.

         (a)  Prior to operational acceptance of Train E by
Pertamina pursuant to the Construction Agreement, Pertamina shall
maintain or cause to be maintained "All Risk" Builder's Risk
Insurance as required pursuant to the Construction Agreement.

         (b)  Prior to operational acceptance of Train E by
Pertamina pursuant to the Construction Agreement, Pertamina shall
maintain, or cause to be maintained, with respect to the Bontang
Plant excluding Train E and, upon and after such operational
acceptance, Pertamina shall maintain, or cause to be maintained
with respect to the Bontang Plant, property and casualty insurance
(the "Plant Insurance") on terms at least as favorable to Pertamina
as, and having coverage substantially similar to, the policy
furnished to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent prior to the date
hereof and in an amount which is the greater of (i) the full
replacement value of the Bontang Plant, determined by an
independent appraiser acceptable to the Majority Lenders (if such
insurance in such amount is available on commercially reasonable
terms), or (ii) 125% of the sum of (x) all amounts outstanding from
time to time under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, plus (y) all other Indebtedness of any Person
outstanding, the holders of which, directly or indirectly, are
entitled to share in the proceeds of the Plant Insurance (the
"Plant Insurance Proceeds") prior to or on an equal and ratable
basis with the Lenders (as the Lenders' rights are determined under
Section 4.1 hereof).

         (c)  All Plant Insurance shall be maintained with (i)
P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia, or (ii) so long as Indonesian law
requires that the relevant insurance be maintained with an
Indonesian insurance company, any Indonesian insurance company
other than P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia approved by the Majority
Lenders, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, or
(iii) if Indonesian law changes to permit the relevant insurance to
be maintained with one or more non-Indonesian insurance companies,
any insurance company other than P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia
approved by the Majority Lenders.

         (d)  Pertamina agrees that all Plant Insurance shall have
Pertamina as a loss payee, and that no party other than Pertamina,
the other Producers and P.T. Badak shall be a loss payee. 
Pertamina agrees that it will not create or agree to any assignment
of or security interest in the Plant Insurance Proceeds, or create
any right to receive the Plant Insurance Proceeds other than
equally and ratably with, or subordinated in right of payment to,
the rights of the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement in favor of
any Person other than the loss payees under the Plant Insurance,
except for the assignment in favor of Jilco pursuant to the 1974
Development Agreement and the rights of Jilco pursuant to the 1981
Development Agreement.

         (e)  Pertamina shall, on the initial Borrowing Date,
provide to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent a true, correct and
complete copy of the policy or policies of insurance required by
Section 1.11(a) and (b) hereof and, as promptly as practicable in
the circumstances (but in no event later than 30 days) following
the issuance thereof, true, correct and complete copies of each
subsequent policy or policies of insurance required by Section
1.11(a) and (b) hereof.  Pertamina shall also provide to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent as promptly as practicable under the
circumstances, each amendment, modification or waiver and each
notice of cancellation or termination with respect to each policy
of insurance required by Section 1.11(a) and (b) hereof (but in no
event later than 30 days following any such amendment, modification
or waiver or receipt of any such notice).

         1.12 Reserve Reports.

         (a)  The Producers agree that, if requested by either the
Tranche A Lender or the Agent, they will cause to be delivered to
the Tranche A Lender and the Agent the latest reserve report or
reports and any updates, modifications or supplements thereto
covering the areas of gas supply to the Bontang Plant (the "Gas
Supply Area") prepared by DeGolyer and MacNaughton or another
independent petroleum engineering consulting firm of recognized
standing in the petroleum industry qualified by reputation and
experience in the estimating of reserves of oil and gas in
subsurface reservoirs.

         (b)  Pertamina shall submit or cause to be submitted to
the Tranche A Lender and the Agent a copy of the Certificate and
all supporting documentation furnished to the Buyer pursuant to
Section 3.2(a) of the LNG Sales Contract before committing
additional natural gas from the Gas Supply Area to sale or other
utilization.

         1.13 Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Borrowings
shall be used solely for the payment of (i) the costs incurred or
to be incurred in connection with the design, engineering,
procurement and construction of or otherwise relating to Train E
and (ii) interest, fees, expenses, taxes and other amounts payable
by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.7, 2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and
10.6 of the Loan Agreement.

         1.14 Construction of Train E and Receiving Facilities.

         (a)  Pertamina shall insure that Train E is constructed
and completed with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with sound administrative, engineering and financial practices.

         (b)  Pertamina shall deliver to each of the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent (i) a quarterly status report in reasonable
detail concerning construction of Train E, such report to include,
but not be limited to, the cost incurred to the end of such quarter
and an estimate of costs required for the completion and acceptance
of Train E pursuant to the Development Plan and Construction
Agreement, and (ii) periodic status reports concerning construction
of the Receiving Facilities and their related facilities based upon
the information furnished to Pertamina by the Buyer.

         (c)  Pertamina shall not amend the Development Plan in
a manner that would result in a material increase in Pertamina's
expenditures or materially deviate from the Development Plan with
regard to the construction, completion or operation of Train E.

         (d)  Pertamina shall, if requested by either the Tranche
A Lender or the Agent, permit, and seek to arrange with the Buyer
for, representatives of the Tranche A Lender or the Agent, and
designees appointed by them with the consent of Pertamina, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, to visit the site of the
construction of Train E and the Receiving Facilities to review and
examine the current status of the construction and implementation
thereof.

         (e)  Pertamina shall (i) promptly after it becomes aware
of such event, give notice to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent of
any event or occurrence that will, or would be reasonably likely
to, delay the Start-up, and (ii) shall give prompt notice of the
occurrence of the Start-up to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and
the Borrower.

         1.15 Notices Relating to Source of Debt Service and
Contingent Supports.

         (a)  Pertamina shall inform each of the Tranche A Lender
and the Agent by notice (with a copy to the Borrower) in advance of
the annual and quarterly shipment schedules, and of actual shipment
information promptly after shipment, with respect to each shipment
for sale and delivery of LNG related to the Source of Debt Service
and, during any Contingent Support Period, related to the relevant
Source of Contingent Support.

         (b)   Pertamina shall give notice to each of the Tranche
A Lender and the Agent promptly after it learns (i) of any event or
occurrence, in the nature of force majeure, and any material
dispute which could reasonably be expected to affect adversely the
amount or time of receipt of the Source of Debt Service or, during
any Contingent Support Period, any relevant Source of Contingent
Support or Contingent Support and (ii) that any default under the
LNG Sales Contract and, during any Contingent Support Period, any
default under any relevant Contingent Support Agreement which
relates to Contingent Support or Source of Contingent Support, has
occurred or will occur with the giving of notice or lapse of time
or both.  Pertamina shall thereafter also inform the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent of the status of such event at reasonable
intervals during the continuance thereof.

         1.16 Effect of Certain Reductions of Source of Debt
Service.

         (a)  If (i) any of the price level, payment terms or
price adjustment mechanism under the LNG Sales Contract is to be
changed to conform to a similar change under the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract or the 1981 LNG Sales Contract in accordance with Section
5(a) of the Side Letter, (ii) an amendment to the LNG Sales
Contract is made pursuant to Section 1 of the Side Letter or (iii)
force majeure is declared by the Buyer pursuant to Section 3 of the
Side Letter, and the result thereof would reduce the Source of Debt
Service payable at any time prior to the Final Maturity Date, the
Producers shall, in a manner acceptable to the Majority Lenders,
increase the Source of Debt Service by changing the percentage of
the Gross Invoice Amount of the sales proceeds and other amounts
payable under the LNG Sales Contract, redefining the Source of Debt
Service or making such other appropriate amendments or adjustments
to the terms agreed pursuant hereto so as to maintain the Source of
Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable to the Final
Maturity Date at its level immediately prior to such change,
amendment or declaration of force majeure.

         (b)  Any increase, redefinition, amendment or adjustment
referred to in Section 1.16(a) hereof shall be promptly agreed in
writing among the Producers, the Borrower, the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent on behalf of the Tranche B Lenders, which shall amend the
definition of Source of Debt Service for all purposes of the Loan
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement and this Agreement.  The
Producers shall, and shall cause the Borrower to, execute the
appropriate documents promptly following the relevant event, and
such documents shall take effect as of the date of such event.

         1.17 Payment Instructions.

         (a)  Subject to Section 1.8 hereof, Pertamina hereby
agrees to instruct the Buyer to pay all amounts payable to
Pertamina pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract to the Borrower and to
arrange, or instruct the Buyer to arrange, to have paid to the
Borrower all amounts payable to Pertamina from the Disputed Force
Majeure Account maintained under such Agreement and Pertamina
hereby agrees not to change such instructions or the designation of
the Borrower as the recipient of amounts which constitute the
Source of Debt Service payable thereunder;

         (b)  With respect to all other relevant Basic Agreements,
Pertamina has designated or shall designate, and agrees not to
change the designation of, the Borrower as the recipient of amounts
which constitute the Source of Debt Service payable thereunder;


         (c)  Pertamina has designated or shall designate, and
agrees not to change the designation of, the Bontang Excess Sales
Trustee as the recipient of (1) amounts which are payable pursuant
to the Chubu Sales Contract, and (2) any Related Amounts with
respect to the Chubu Sales Contract;

         (d)  Pertamina has designated or shall designate, and
agrees not to change the designation of, the Bontang I Trustee as
the recipient of (1) amounts which are payable pursuant to the 1973
LNG Sales Contract and constitute Source of Contingent Support and
(2) any Related Amounts with respect to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract
(insofar as they relate to Source of Contingent Support);

         (e)  Pertamina has designated, and agrees not to change
the designation of, the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee as the
recipient of amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.2(b) of the
Bontang I Trust Agreement;

         (f)  Pertamina has designated or shall designate, and
agrees not to change the designation of, the Borrower as the
recipient during any relevant Contingent Support Period of amounts
payable under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement and each
Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement, which in each case
constitute relevant Contingent Support;

         (g)  Pertamina shall (i) instruct all buyers under any
Future or Special Spot Sales or Future Long Term Sales Contracts to
pay all amounts payable thereunder to the Bontang Excess Sales
Trustee and all other relevant Persons to pay or cause to be paid
all Related Amounts with respect to Future or Special Spot Sales or
Future Long Term Sales Contracts to the Bontang Excess Sales
Trustee, (ii) not change such instructions or the designation of
the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee as the recipient of such amounts,
(iii) prior to the time the first payments are due from the buyer
or buyers under each Future Long Term Sales Contract, notify the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee that such Contract is designated as a
"Future Long Term Sales Contract", (iv) prior to the time the first
payments are due from the buyer with respect to any Future or
Special Spot Sale, notify the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee that
such Sale is designated as a "Future Spot Sale" or a "Special Spot
Sale," as the case may be, and (v) during any Contingent Support
Period deliver to the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee, the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent copies of the documents evidencing each such
Sale and copies of each such Contract relating thereto promptly
following execution thereof (and, in the case of such Sales or
Contracts entered into by telex, promptly following dispatch or
receipt, copies of the relevant telexes);

         (h)  Pertamina shall (i) enter into a Special Long Term
Sales Trust Agreement with respect to each Special Long Term Sales
Contract prior to the time the first payments are due from the
buyer or buyers under each such Special Long Term Sales Contract,
(ii) instruct all buyers under each Special Long Term Sales
Contract to pay all amounts payable thereunder to the Special Long
Term Sales Trustee under the related Special Long Term Sales Trust
Agreement and all other relevant Persons to pay or choose to be
paid all Related Amounts with respect thereto to such Special Long
Term Sales Trustee, (iii) not change such instructions or the
designation of such Special Long Term Sales Trustee as the
recipient of such amounts and (iv) during any Contingent Support
Period deliver to the relevant Special Long Term Sales Trustee, the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent copies of each relevant Special Long
Term Sales Contract relating thereto promptly upon execution
thereof.

         1.18 Payment of Contingent Supports.

         (a)  If Start-up does not occur prior to January 1, 1990,
Pertamina shall cause the First Contingent Support to be paid to
the Borrower, to the extent required to be paid into the Debt
Service Account and the Reserve Account pursuant to the Trust
Agreement, during the First Contingent Support Period commencing on
January 1, 1990 and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) Start-up
and (ii) September 30, 1990 by giving notice forthwith to the
Borrower and to the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee that First
Contingent Support is payable.

         (b)  If Completion of the Receiving Facilities does not
occur on or before September 30, 1990, Pertamina shall cause the
First and Second Contingent Supports to be paid to the Borrower, to
the extent required to be paid into the Debt Service Account and
the Reserve Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement, during the
First and Second Contingent Support Periods commencing on October
1, 1990 and ending on the date of Completion of the Receiving
Facilities by giving notice forthwith to the Borrower and to the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee that First and Second Contingent
Support is payable.  In addition, if Start-up does not occur on or
before September 30, 1991, Pertamina shall cause the Third
Contingent Support to be paid to the Borrower, to the extent
required to be paid into the Debt Service Account and the Reserve
Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement, during the Third
Contingent Support Period commencing on October 1, 1991 and ending
on the date of Start-up by giving notice forthwith to the Borrower
and to each Special Long Term Sales Trustee (with a copy to the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee) that Third Contingent Support is
payable and that a Third Contingent Support Period has commenced.

         (c)  If Pertamina exercises its right to suspend
deliveries under Section 10.5 of the LNG Sales Contract, Pertamina
shall cause the First Contingent Support to be paid to the
Borrower, to the extent required to be paid into the Debt Service
Account and the Reserve Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement,
during the First Contingent Support Period coextensive with the
period of such suspension by giving notice, on the same day it
notifies the Buyer of the exercise of such right of suspension, to
the Borrower and to the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee that First
Contingent Support is payable.

         (d)  If the LNG Sales Contract is terminated or
repudiated (whether by notice or in fact) by the Buyer, Pertamina
shall cause the First, Second and Third Contingent Supports to be
paid to the Borrower, to the extent required to be paid into the
Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account pursuant to the Trust
Agreement, during the First, Second and Third Contingent Support
Periods coextensive with the period after such termination or
repudiation by giving notice forthwith to the Borrower, the Bontang
Excess Sales Trustee and each Special Long Term Sales Trustee that
First, Second and Third Contingent Support are payable and that a
Third Contingent Support Period has commenced.  In addition, if any
Event of Force Majeure under Section 15.1 of the LNG Sales Contract
excuses performance thereunder by the Buyer for 42 consecutive
months, Pertamina shall cause the First, Second and Third
Contingent Supports to be paid to the Borrower, to the extent
required to be paid into the Debt Service Account and the Reserve
Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement, during the First, Second
and Third Contingent Support Periods coextensive with the period
commencing at the end of such 42-month period and continuing for so
long as such performance by the Buyer continues to be excused as a
result of such an Event of Force Majeure by giving notice forthwith
following the end of such 42-month period to the Borrower, the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and each Special Long Term Sales
Trustee that First, Second and Third Contingent Support are payable
and that a Third Contingent Support Period has commenced.

         (e)  Pertamina shall give prompt notice to the Borrower
and the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and, if relevant, to each
Special Long Term Sales Trustee of the end of each Contingent
Support Period.

         (f)  If an event giving rise to a right to payment of
Contingent Support pursuant to Sections 1.18(a) to (d) hereof has
occurred, the Tranche A Lender and the Agent will have the right,
without prejudice to the rights of the Lenders with respect to any
Default, to give notice to Pertamina indicating the event that has
occurred, the reasons therefor, and specifying the relevant
Contingent Support payable.  Upon receipt of such notice, Pertamina
shall immediately give notice to the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee
and, if relevant, each Special Long Term Sales Trustee instructing
the relevant trustee or trustees to hold and accumulate amounts
constituting the relevant Contingent Support, and Pertamina shall
simultaneously give copies of such notice to the Borrower and to
the Tranche A Lender and the Agent.  The Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement and each Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement shall
provide that following receipt of such notice the relevant amounts
of the Contingent Support shall be accumulated and held by such
trustee or trustees, and not disbursed to the Producers, until such
trustee or trustees shall have received a notice from Pertamina
(with a copy given simultaneously to the Borrower and to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent) (i) to the effect that an event
giving rise to payment of the relevant amount of Contingent Support
has not occurred, and specifying its reasons therefor, in which
case the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and, if relevant, each
Special Long Term Sales Trustee shall resume making disbursements
to the Producers as if no such notice from Pertamina to accumulate
and hold amounts had been given, or (ii) advising that an event
giving rise to payment of the relevant amount of Contingent Support
has occurred and instructing the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and,
if relevant, each Special Long Term Sales Trustee to make payment
as provided in the relevant Contingent Support Trust Agreements of
amounts of the relevant Contingent Support to the Borrower.

         1.19 Spot Sales and Long Term Sales Contracts.

         (a)  All proceeds of LNG sold from the Bontang Plant
pursuant to Spot Sales Contracts and Long Term Sales Contracts
shall, subject to the following provisos, be available for
Contingent Support in accordance with the terms hereof; provided,
that the maximum quantity of LNG the proceeds of sale of which
shall be available for Contingent Support from all sources for any
time period shall never exceed, as relevant, (1) in the case of
events described in Sections 1.18(a), (b) and (c) hereof, 0.73
million tons per annum prorated for each period of a year or
portion thereof for the relevant time period during which
Contingent Support is payable; (2) if the LNG Sales Contract is
terminated or repudiated as described in Section 1.18(d) hereof,
2.27 million tons per annum prorated for each period of a year or
portion thereof for the relevant time period during which
Contingent Support is payable; or (3) if performance by the Buyer
under the LNG Sales Contract is affected by an Event of Force
Majeure as described in Section 1.18(d) hereof, the difference
between (x) 2.27 million tons per annum prorated for each period of
a year or portion thereof for the relevant time period during which
Contingent Support is payable and (y) the amounts actually taken
or, if not taken, required to be paid for under the LNG Sales
Contract for such period; provided, further, that following
completion of the construction of additional LNG production
capacity at the Bontang Plant, the only proceeds of sale of LNG
pursuant to a new LNG sales contract entered into in connection
with such additional production capacity which shall constitute
Contingent Support shall be the proceeds of the sale of an amount
of LNG in excess of the design capacity of such additional
production capacity.

         (b)  During each Second Contingent Support Period,
Pertamina shall exercise all reasonable efforts to make Spot Sales. 
In addition, during each Third Contingent Support Period, Pertamina
shall exercise all reasonable efforts to enter into Long Term Sales
Contracts.

         1.20 Debt Service Accounts; Contingent Support Accounts.

         (a)  Each of the Producers agrees with respect to the
Trust Agreement that, as long as moneys are held by the Trustee in
the Debt Service Account and Reserve Account, the Lenders are, to
the extent necessary to make payments in accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement of principal, interest and other amounts due
under the Loan Agreement, the Notes, and the Letter Agreement,
among those having a right, as provided under Section 2.2 of the
Trust Agreement, to receive disbursements thereunder.

         (b)  Each of the Producers agrees that during each
Contingent Support Period (i) the Borrower, with respect to amounts
in and payable to any Contingent Support Account, has a right to
receive disbursements of Contingent Support to the extent provided
in the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement and to the extent to be
provided in the Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreements, (ii) the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee, with respect to amounts in and
payable to the KCO General Account under the Bontang I Trust
Agreement, has a right to receive disbursements of amounts of
Source of Contingent Support as provided in such agreement, and
(iii) the Bontang I Trustee is obligated to make payments of Source
of Contingent Support under the Bontang I Trust Agreement to the
extent provided in such agreement to the Bontang Excess Sales
Trustee and the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee is obligated to make
payments of Contingent Support under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement to the extent provided in such agreement to the Borrower,
in each case to provide for the payment of principal, interest and
other amounts due under the Loan Agreement, the Note and the Letter
Agreement payable to the Lenders.

         (c)  The Producers shall not authorize or request the
trustee under any Contingent Support Trust Agreement to open at
banks outside the United States of America any sub-account of any
Contingent Support Account or of the KCO General Account except for
the sole purpose of facilitating payment of any relevant Permitted
Marketing Fees.

         (d)  With respect to amounts held from time to time in
any Contingent Support Account or in the KCO General Account, the
Producers shall not approve any investments of the type referred to
in Section 9.1(ii)(x) of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement
or Section l0.l(ii)(x) of the Bontang I Trust Agreement or any
comparable Section of any Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement
without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders.

         1.21 Expenses.  To the extent that any amounts required
to be paid by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.6(a) and, prior
to the Completion Date, Section 10.6(b), of the Loan Agreement are
not paid when due, the Producers shall, following notice from the
Tranche A Lender or the Agent or both, as appropriate, immediately
pay such amounts or otherwise cause such amounts to be paid.


                                  PART 2
                      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


         Each Producer makes the following representations and
warranties to the Lenders solely with respect to itself; provided,
however, that (i) each representation and warranty with respect to
any agreement that is dated on, as of or prior to the date hereof
is made as of the date hereof, (ii) each representation and
warranty with respect to any other agreement will be made as of the
date such agreement is entered into, (iii) each representation and
warranty with respect to any agreement is made only by those
Producers that are parties thereto and (iv) Pertamina is the only
Producer making the representation and warranty in Section 2.9
hereof:

         2.1  Due Incorporation; Power and Authority.  Such
Producer is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation.  Such Producer
has full power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver,
perform and observe the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the
Trust Agreement, each Basic Agreement, each Contingent Support
Agreement, the Korean Sales Contract and each Contingent Support
Trust Agreement.

         2.2  Legal Action.  All necessary legal action has been
taken to authorize such Producer to execute and deliver and to
perform and observe the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the
Trust Agreement and each Basic Agreement, each Contingent Support
Agreement, the Korean Sales Contract and each Contingent Support
Trust Agreement.

         2.3  Restrictions.  There is no Legal Requirement and no
contractual or other obligation binding on such Producer,
including, without limitation, any of the Basic Agreements, the
Contingent Support Agreements or the Korean Sales Contract, that is
or will be contravened (or, in the case of a contractual
obligation, in respect of which a breach has occurred or will
occur) by reason of the execution and delivery of or the
performance or observance by such Producer of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement, the Trust Agreement or the Contingent
Support Trust Agreements.

         2.4  Registrations and Approvals.  No registrations,
declarations or filings with, or consents, licenses, approvals or
authorizations of, any legislative body, governmental department or
government authority are necessary or required under any applicable
law for the due execution and delivery by such Producer, or for the
performance by such Producer, of this Agreement, the Trust
Agreement or the Contingent Support Trust Agreements, or to assure
the validity or enforcement hereof or thereof with respect to such
Producer, except such as have been obtained, copies of which have
been provided to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and which remain
in full force and effect.

         2.5  Agreement Binding; No Defaults.  This Agreement, the
Trust Agreement and the Contingent Support Trust Agreements
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such
Producer enforceable against it in accordance with each of their
respective terms, subject in the case of enforcement to any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and to
equitable principles of general application.  No Default by such
Producer has occurred and is continuing and no event has occurred
or failed to occur in each case pertaining to such Producer, the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which with the giving of notice or
lapse of time or both would constitute a Default.  Such Producer is
not in violation of any of its obligations under (i) the Trust
Agreement or, insofar as such agreements relate to Contingent
Support or Source of Contingent Support, the Contingent Support
Trust Agreements, (ii) the Supply Agreements and the LNG Sales
Contract, except for violations which are not material and are not
likely to give rise to the assertion of a claim for breach, and
(iii) the Basic Agreements (other than those referred to in the
immediately preceding clause (ii)) in any material respect and the
Contingent Support Agreements and the Korean Sales Contract,
insofar as such agreements relate to Contingent Support or Source
of Contingent Support, in any material respect.

         2.6  Litigation.  There is no suit, action, proceeding
or investigation pending against such Producer or, to the best of
such Producer's knowledge, threatened against such Producer, which
(a) questions the validity of this Agreement or the Trust Agreement
or any Basic Agreement, or, insofar as such agreements relate to
Contingent Support or Source of Contingent Support, any Contingent
Support Agreement, the Korean Sales Contract or Contingent Support
Trust Agreement, or any material action taken or to be taken by
such Producer pursuant hereto or pursuant to any thereof, or (b)
affects materially and adversely or is likely materially and
adversely to affect (i) the amounts of the Source of Debt Service
payable to the Trustee under the LNG Sales Contract, or the amounts
of the Source of Contingent Support that may become payable to or
by the trustees under the relevant Contingent Support Trust
Agreements or any Contingent Support payable to the Borrower under
the Trust Agreement, or the right of the Borrower to receive any
such amounts under the Loan Agreement, (ii) the Bontang Plant or
Pertamina's interests therein or (iii) such Producer's ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement or the Trust Agreement
or any Basic Agreement, or, insofar as such agreements relate to
Contingent Support or Source of Contingent Support, any Contingent
Support Agreement, the Korean Sales Contract or Contingent Support
Trust Agreement.

         2.7  Compliance with Other Instruments, etc.  Such
Producer is not in violation of any term of its charter or by-laws,
or any term of any agreement or any instrument to which it is a
party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or any Legal
Requirement, which violation would have a material adverse effect
on such Producer's ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, the Trust Agreement or any Basic Agreement, or, insofar
as such agreements relate to Contingent Support or Source of
Contingent Support, any Contingent Support Agreement, the Korean
Sales Contract or Contingent Support Trust Agreement.

         2.8  Other Agreements.  Each of the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent has been provided with true and complete copies of the
Basic Agreements, Contingent Support Agreements, the Korean Sales
Contract and Contingent Support Trust Agreements as amended and in
effect on the date hereof.  Each Producer represents and warrants
that, to the best of its knowledge, no party to any of such Basic
Agreements, or, insofar as such agreements relate to Contingent
Support or Source of Contingent Support, any Contingent Support
Agreements, the Korean Sales Contract or Contingent Support Trust
Agreements, other than any other Producer, is in breach of any
material obligation thereunder.

         2.9  Insurance. Insurance policies of the type required
by Section 1.11 hereof are in full force and effect, no default or
breach exists thereunder which would give rise to a right to cancel
the same, and no notice of default or breach or notice of
termination has been given to Pertamina with respect thereto.  On
or prior to the date of this Agreement, true, complete and correct
copies of such insurance policies have been delivered to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent.

         2.10 No Encumbrance.  There is no Encumbrance on the
Source of Debt Service prior to its deposit in the Bontang III
Payment Account caused by such Producer, for which such Producer is
responsible or which relates to such Producer, except Encumbrances,
if any, (i) arising pursuant to statute or otherwise by operation
of law, and not pursuant to any agreement, which are not being
enforced by attachment or levy and which will be discharged in the
ordinary course of business or (ii) permitted by Section 1.10
hereof.

         2.11 No Material Adverse Change.  There has been no
material adverse change since December 31, 1987 in (i) the
business, assets, financial position or results of operation of
such Producer which affects materially and adversely, or would be
likely to affect materially and adversely, the performance by
Pertamina of or the ability of Pertamina to perform its obligations
under the LNG Sales Contract or (ii) the operation of the Bontang
Plant.

                                  PART 3
                                 DEFAULTS

         3.1  Default Defined.  Each of the Producers agrees with
the Lenders that if any one or more of the following events shall
occur it shall be, so long as the same shall continue, a default
hereunder (a "Default"):

         (a)  a failure to comply with any of the provisions of
Section 1.1, 1.3, 1.4, 1.9, 1.10, 1.11, 1.17, 1.18(a) through (d)
and (f) or 6.3 hereof; or

         (b)  a failure to comply with any of the provisions of
Section 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.14(e), 1.15(b), 1.21 or 3.5 hereof for
seven days after written notice of such failure shall have been
given to the Producers by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent; or

         (c)  a failure to comply with Section 3.3(b) hereof or
any of the provisions of Part 1 hereof other than those referred to
in Sections 3.1(a) and (b) hereof for 30 days after written notice
of such failure shall have been given to the Producers by the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent; or

         (d)  any representation or warranty made by any Producer
in this Agreement (including the representations contained in the
first paragraph following "Dear Sirs:" at the beginning of this
Agreement) shall prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any
material respect as of the date when made; or

         (e)  (i) a failure by any of the Producers to pay
principal of, or premium or interest on, any of its Indebtedness in
an amount which is material in the context of this Agreement when
due for payment, whether by acceleration or otherwise, but after
giving effect to all applicable grace and waiver periods provided
for in the agreement or instrument creating or evidencing such
Indebtedness; or

              (ii)  any of the Producers shall:

                        (1)   make an assignment for the benefit
         of creditors; or

                        (2)   file a petition in bankruptcy,
         petition or apply to any tribunal or applicable
         regulatory or governmental authority for the appointment
         of a custodian, receiver, trustee or official with
         similar powers for it or a substantial part of its
         property or assets, or commence any case or proceeding
         under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
         readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation or
         similar law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now
         or hereafter in effect; or

                   (3)  if any such petition or application shall
         have been filed, or any such case or proceeding shall
         have been commenced against it, indicate its consent to,
         approval of or acquiescence in any such petition,
         application, case or proceeding or the appointment of a
         custodian, receiver, trustee or official with similar
         powers or regulatory or other governmental authority for
         it or any substantial part of its properties or assets,
         or suffer to exist any such case or proceeding in which
         an order for relief is entered, or suffer any such
         custodianship, receivership, trusteeship or jurisdiction
         of such official or regulatory or governmental authority
         to continue undischarged for a period of 60 days or more;
         or

                   (4)  generally be unable to or generally fail
         to pay its debts as such debts become due; or

              (iii)  a failure by P.T. Badak to comply with a
material term or provision of the Plant Use Agreement or the
Processing Agreement;

provided, however, that the effect of the occurrence of any of the
events or circumstances referred to in this clause (e) is to
affect, materially and adversely, the performance by Pertamina of
its obligations under the LNG Sales Contract or, insofar as such
obligations relate to Contingent Support or Source of Contingent
Support, the Chubu Sales Contract, the 1973 LNG Sales Contract or
the Korean Quantities Agreement or the ability of Pertamina to
perform such obligations; or

         (f)  Any statement furnished to the Tranche A Lender or
the Agent under any of Sections 5.2(iii) or 6.1 of the Loan
Agreement with respect to the Debt Coverage Ratio, the Gross
Invoice Amount, the Source of Debt Service, the Contingent Support
or the Source of Contingent Support as of its date, (i) was not
prepared based on information concerning amounts outstanding under
the Loan Agreement or the Notes which was complete and accurate in
all material respects or information concerning amounts of the
Gross Invoice Amount, the Source of Debt Service or Source of
Contingent Support actually invoiced or received which was complete
and accurate in all material respects, or (ii) was not prepared
based on assumptions concerning future periods which were approved
by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent on behalf of the Majority
Tranche B Lenders, or (iii) was delivered by the Producers in bad
faith or by the Borrower pursuant to a request or authorization of
the Producers given in bad faith.

         3.2  Remedy for Default.  If at any time during one or
more Interest Periods the effect of any one or more Defaults is to
cause the Source of Debt Service or any Contingent Support, in each
case received by the Borrower and payable to the Lenders, to be
insufficient to satisfy any payment obligation when due under the
Loan Agreement, any of the Notes or the Letter Agreement (the
difference between the amount of the Source of Debt Service or
Contingent Support received with respect to any Interest Period by
the Borrower and payable to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement,
any of the Notes or the Letter Agreement and the amount which would
have been so received and payable but for such Default or Defaults,
the "Default Shortfall"), then each of the Producers which caused
or is responsible for such Default or to which such Default relates
shall be obligated to pay an aggregate amount to the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent for the account of the Tranche B Lenders, on
the dates when due during or at the end of such Interest Period, in
the manner and with the effect of payments made by the Borrower as
provided in the Loan Agreement, the relevant Notes or the Letter
Agreement, on account of its Liability Share of the Default
Shortfall, such that the net aggregate amount received by the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent for the account of the Tranche B
Lenders, pursuant to this Section 3.2, after deduction of all Taxes
required to be deducted or withheld from, or otherwise paid by the
Lenders with respect to, such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes
required to be so deducted, withheld or paid solely to the extent
that the amount of such Excluded Taxes does not exceed the amount
of Excluded Taxes that would have been deducted, withheld or
otherwise paid by the Lenders, if there had been no Default
Shortfall, and the net amount were paid to, and received by, the
Lenders out of the Source of Debt Service or applicable Contingent
Support), shall equal such Producer's Liability Share of the
Default Shortfall.

         3.3  Diversion and Remedy.

         (a)  In addition to the Defaults provided for in Section
3.1 hereof, if the effect during one or more Interest Periods of
(i) any claim asserted by, on behalf of, or against any one or more
of the Producers or any of its or their property or any interest in
any of its or their property, or against the Source of Debt
Service, Source of Contingent Support or Contingent Support,
including, without limitation, claims asserted by any governmental
or taxing authority, or by, or on behalf, of any creditor, trustee
in bankruptcy, custodian, receiver or similar official or
authority, or (ii) the imposition of any Taxes on amounts payable
under the Supply Agreements, the LNG Sales Contract, the
Transportation Agreement or any Contingent Support Agreement, in
any such case constituting Source of Debt Service, Source of
Contingent Support or Contingent Support, or on any other payment
or receipt of the Source of Debt Service, Source of Contingent
Support or Contingent Support, excluding any Taxes imposed on any
amount constituting Source of Contingent Support or Contingent
Support by Japan or any political subdivision or taxing authority
thereof or therein (such a claim referred to in clause (i) or
imposition of such Tax referred to in clause (ii), a "Diversion")
is to cause the Source of Debt Service or Contingent Support
received by the Borrower and payable during or at the end of any
Interest Period to the Lenders to be insufficient to satisfy any
payment obligation when due under the Loan Agreement, any of the
Notes or the Letter Agreement (the difference between the amount of
the Source of Debt Service or Contingent Support received by the
Borrower and payable to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement, the
relevant Notes or the Letter Agreement and the amount which would
have been so received and payable but for such Diversion, the
"Diversion Shortfall"), each of the Producers which has caused or
is responsible for such Diversion or to which such Diversion
relates, shall be obligated to pay an aggregate amount to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent for the account of the Tranche B
Lenders, on the dates, in the manner and with the effect of
payments made by the Borrower as provided in the Loan Agreement,
the relevant Notes or the Letter Agreement, on account of its
Liability Share of the Diversion Shortfall, such that the net
aggregate amount received by the Lenders pursuant to this Section
3.3, after deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted or
withheld from, or otherwise paid by the Lenders with respect to,
such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes required to be so
deducted, withheld or paid solely to the extent that the amount of
such Excluded Taxes does not exceed the amount of Excluded Taxes
that would have been deducted, withheld or otherwise paid by the
Lenders if there had been no Diversion Shortfall, and the net
amount were paid to, and received by, the Lenders), shall equal
such Producer's Liability Share of the Diversion Shortfall.

         (b)  If, at any time prior to payment in full of the
principal of and interest on any Notes, and of all other amounts
due and owing under the Loan Agreement, the Letter Agreement and
this Agreement at the time of payment in full of the principal and
interest on such Notes, any claim for Taxes shall be asserted by
Japan or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or
therein or any Taxes shall be withheld, deducted, assessed or
otherwise imposed by Japan or any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof or therein, in each case with respect to any
amounts payable and constituting Source of Contingent Support or
Contingent Support (hereinafter, a "Japanese Tax Claim"), and such
Taxes are during a Contingent Support Period paid out of the
proceeds of such Source of Contingent Support or Contingent Support
required to be paid to the Borrower, and if Pertamina shall
determine either to contest such Japanese Tax Claim by any
administrative or judicial procedures or to assert any claim to
indemnity with respect to such Japanese Tax Claim that may be
available to Pertamina from one or more buyers under the relevant
Contingent Support Agreement, then if Pertamina shall receive a
refund of any such Taxes pursuant to a contest or otherwise,
Pertamina shall, unless waived by the Majority Lenders, from time
to time promptly make payments to the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent for the account of the Tranche B Lenders, in an amount that
equals the portion of the relevant Contingent Support that
Pertamina is obligated to cause to be paid to the Borrower during
the relevant Contingent Support Period to the extent necessary so
that each relevant Lender shall have received all amounts then due
and payable to such Lender pursuant to the relevant Notes, the Loan
Agreement, the Letter Agreement or this Agreement; provided,
however that in no event shall the aggregate amount of such
payments exceed the share referred to below of the total amounts
received pursuant to such contest.

The share referred to above of such total amount received in
respect of a refund shall be the total amount of such payments
minus all reasonable amounts of unreimbursed costs incurred by
Pertamina in pursuing such contest, including court costs and fees
and disbursements of counsel.

         3.4  Liability Share Defined.  The "Liability Share" of
a Producer which caused or is responsible for a Default or a
Diversion or to which such Default or Diversion relates which has
given rise to a Default Shortfall or a Diversion Shortfall, as the
case may be, shall be with respect to such Default Shortfall or
Diversion Shortfall a percentage determined by dividing the
percentage interest of such Producer (as set forth in Schedule 1
hereto and as adjusted for changes in Producers' Percentages as
defined in and pursuant to Sections 2.2, 2.4 and 2.5 of the Supply
Agreements) by the aggregate percentage interest of all Producers
(as set forth in such Schedule 1 as so adjusted) which have caused
or which are responsible for such Default or Diversion or to which
such Default or Diversion relates.  With respect to the imposition
of Taxes referred to in Section 3.3(a) hereof, each Producer shall
be deemed to have caused the corresponding Diversion to the extent
of its percentage interest as shown in Schedule 1 hereto, adjusted
as aforesaid.

         3.5  Notices. Each Producer shall promptly, and in any
event not later than three Business Days after obtaining actual
knowledge thereof, give notice to the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent of the occurrence of (a) any Default or Diversion caused by
such Producer or for which it is responsible or to which it is
related or any event that, with the giving of notice or the passing
of time, or both, would constitute such a Default or Diversion and
(b) any Japanese Tax Claim.

                                  PART 4
                               INSURED LOSS

         4.1  Effect of Total Loss of Train E Prior to Operational
Acceptance.  If any event occurs for which insurance is payable by
an insurance company under any insurance policy referred to in
Section 1.11(a) hereof relating to an actual total loss or a
constructive, compromised or arranged total loss (within the
meaning of such policy) of Train E, Pertamina agrees as follows:

         (a)  Pertamina shall, as promptly as possible in the
circumstances following such event, notify the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent of the occurrence of such event and shall, within six
months following such event, notify the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent in writing whether or not it intends to rebuild or
reconstruct Train E.

         (b)  If Pertamina notifies the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent that it does not intend to rebuild or reconstruct Train E, it
shall promptly pay to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent such
amounts as are instructed by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent
equal in the aggregate to the lesser of the aggregate amounts
outstanding under the Loan Agreement, Notes and Letter Agreement
and the aggregate amount of such proceeds paid to Pertamina in
respect of such event.

         (c)  If Pertamina notifies the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent that it intends to rebuild or reconstruct Train E, then it
shall proceed to do so diligently and in good faith and shall
provide the Tranche A Lender and the Agent with periodic written
reports not less frequently than quarterly in reasonable detail
concerning the rebuilding or reconstruction and including (i) the
amount of insurance proceeds received under such policy, (ii) the
amount of funds expended to date on the rebuilding or
reconstruction, (iii) the proposed schedule for completion of the
construction work, and (iv) the progress of the construction work
to date.

         (d)  If, at any time prior to completion, Pertamina shall
terminate the rebuilding or reconstruction or shall not be
proceeding with such rebuilding or reconstruction diligently and in
good faith, then Pertamina shall be obligated promptly to pay to
each of the Tranche A Lender and the Agent such amounts as are
instructed by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent equal in the
aggregate to the lesser of the amounts outstanding under the Loan
Agreement, the Note and the Letter Agreement and the aggregate
insurance proceeds which are paid to Pertamina under such policy in
respect of such event and not in good faith expended or committed
to be expended (pursuant to a commitment which cannot by its terms
be avoided) on such rebuilding or reconstruction.

         4.2  Effect of Total Loss of Bontang Plant.  If any event
occurs for which insurance is payable by an insurance company under
any insurance policy referred to in Section 1.11(b) hereof relating
to an actual total loss or a constructive, compromised or arranged
total loss (within the meaning of such policy) of the Bontang Plant
(which term, for purposes of this Section 4.2, shall exclude Train
E if such loss occurs prior to operational acceptance of Train E by
Pertamina pursuant to the Construction Agreement), Pertamina agrees
as follows:

         (a)  Pertamina shall, as promptly as possible in the
circumstances following such event, notify the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent of the occurrence of such event and shall, within six
months following such event, notify the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent in writing whether or not it intends to rebuild or
reconstruct the Bontang Plant.

         (b)  If Pertamina so notifies the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent that it does not intend to rebuild or reconstruct the
Bontang Plant, it shall promptly pay to each of the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent such amounts as are instructed by the Tranche
A Lender and the Agent in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser
of the share referred to below of the total insurance proceeds that
are paid to Pertamina under such policy in respect of such event
and the aggregate amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement,
Notes and Letter Agreement after giving effect to any payment made
pursuant to Section 4.1(b) hereof.

         (c)  If Pertamina notifies the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent that it intends to rebuild or reconstruct the LNG Plant, then
it shall proceed to do so diligently and in good faith, applying
amounts equal to the proceeds of the insurance to the extent
required, and shall provide the Tranche A Lender and the Agent with
periodic written reports not less frequently than quarterly in
reasonable detail concerning the rebuilding or reconstruction and
including (i) the amount of insurance proceeds received under such
policy, (ii) the amount of funds expended to date on the rebuilding
or reconstruction, (iii) the proposed schedule for completion of
the construction work, and (iv) the progress of the construction
work to date.

         (d)  If, at any time prior to completion, Pertamina shall
terminate the rebuilding or reconstruction or shall not be
proceeding with such rebuilding or reconstruction diligently and in
good faith, then Pertamina shall be obligated promptly to pay to
each of the Tranche A Lender and the Agent such amounts as are
instructed by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent in an aggregate
amount equal to the lesser of the share referred to below of the
total insurance proceeds that are paid to Pertamina under such
policy in respect of such event and not in good faith expended or
committed to be expended (pursuant to a commitment which cannot by
its terms be avoided) on such rebuilding or reconstruction and the
aggregate amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement, the Notes
and the Letter Agreement after giving effect to any payments made
pursuant to Section 4.1(b) and 4.2(b) hereof.

         The share referred to in clauses (b) and (d) above of
such total insurance payments shall be (i) the total amount of such
payments minus the portion thereof payable to Jilco under the 1974
Development Agreement and the 1981 Development Agreement multiplied
by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the aggregate
principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan
Agreement, Notes and the Letter Agreement at the time amounts are
payable to the Lenders under this Section 4.2 and the denominator
of which is equal to the sum of the aggregate principal amount of
the Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Agreement and the
aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of any Person
outstanding at such time, the holders of which, directly or
indirectly, are entitled to share in the Plant Insurance Proceeds
prior to or on an equal and ratable basis with the Lenders (as the
Lenders' rights are determined under this Section 4.2).

         4.3  Insurance Shortfall.  If by reason of a failure of
Pertamina to comply with Section 1.11 hereof, the share of
insurance payments of the type referred to in Sections 4.1(b) and
(d) and 4.2(b) and (d) hereof is insufficient to pay in full all
principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Loan
Agreement, the Notes and all amounts payable under the Letter
Agreement (the amount of such insufficiency, an "Insurance
Shortfall"), Pertamina shall be obligated to pay the amount of the
Insurance Shortfall to each of the Tranche A Lender and the Agent
for the account of the Tranche B Lenders in such amounts as are
instructed by the Tranche A Lender and the Agent on the dates, in
the manner of and with the effect of payments made by the Borrower
as provided in the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, such that the net amount received by the Lenders,
pursuant to this Section 4.3, after deduction of all Taxes required
to be deducted or withheld from, or otherwise paid by the Lenders,
with respect to, such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes
required to be so deducted, withheld or otherwise paid solely to
the extent that the amount of such Excluded Taxes does not exceed
the amount of Excluded Taxes that would have been deducted,
withheld or otherwise paid by the Lenders if there had been no
Insurance Shortfall, and the net amount were paid to, and received
by, the Lenders out of an amount equal to such share of insurance),
shall equal the Insurance Shortfall.

         4.4  Other Losses.  Upon a partial loss of Train E or the
Bontang Plant, as the case may be, or a total loss with respect to
which Pertamina has not given notice pursuant to Sections 4.1 or
4.2 hereof that it intends not to rebuild and if Pertamina has not
applied amounts equal to the insurance proceeds paid to Pertamina
to repayment of the Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan
Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement in the manner
contemplated by Section 4.1 and 4.2 hereof, Pertamina shall proceed
to rebuild or reconstruct Train E or the Bontang Plant, as the case
may be, diligently and in good faith applying amounts equal to the
proceeds of the insurance referred to in Section 1.11(a) or (b), as
the case may be, to the extent required and shall provide the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent with the periodic reports described
in clause 4.1(c) or 4.2(c) hereof, as the case may be, as provided
in such clause.


                                  PART 5
                      SCOPE OF PRODUCERS' LIABILITIES

         Except as stated in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and Part 4
hereof and then only to the limited extent specifically stated
therein, no recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal
of or interest on the Notes or the payment of any other amounts due
under the Loan Agreement or the Letter Agreement, or shall be had
for any claim based on any provision of the Notes, the Loan
Agreement or the Letter Agreement, against any of the Producers, or
against any past, present or future stockholder, officer, director,
employee, or agent of any of the Producers, either directly or
through the Borrower or any successor of the Borrower, or under the
Trust Agreement, the Contingent Support Trust Agreements or under
any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement of
any assessment, or otherwise, and, except as above provided, no
such Person shall have any personal obligation, liability or duty
whatsoever to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent, the Lead Managers or
any of the Tranche B Lenders or any holders of the Notes or anyone
else for or with respect to any such payment, the performance of or
compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Loan
Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the
Contingent Support Trust Agreements or this Agreement or the truth,
accuracy or completeness of any statement or representation made in
or pursuant to any such document.  Furthermore, the obligations of
the Producers hereunder are several, and not joint or joint and
several, and there shall be no recourse to any Producer by any
Person party to the Loan Agreement or the Letter Agreement or by
any holder of a Note or otherwise for any liability of another of
the Producers which may have arisen hereunder, it being expressly
agreed and understood, however, that the failure of a Producer to
perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not relieve any
other Producer of its obligations hereunder.

         The Tranche A Lender, the Agent, each Lead Manager, each
Tranche B Lender, each holder of any of the Notes and each other
Person relying on or purporting to rely on the terms of this
Agreement in adopting any course of action shall be bound by the
terms of this Part 5 of this Agreement to the same extent as if its
written acceptance of the terms hereof were subscribed hereto.

                                  PART 6
                               MISCELLANEOUS

         6.1  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands or other
communications to or from the parties hereto shall be given or made
by telex, telecopier or by personal delivery, and shall be deemed
to have been duly given and made, in the manner provided in Section
10.1 of the Loan Agreement.  Any such notice, request, demand or
communication shall be sent in the case of each Producer to its
address, telex number and answerback or telecopier number set forth
on the signature pages hereof; or in each case with respect to any
party to such other address or telex number as such party may
designate for the purpose by written notice to the party sending
such notice, request, demand or communication.


         Huffco Indonesia, 6-11 Floor, Kuningan Plaza -South
Tower, Jalan H.R. Rasuna Said, Kav. cll-4, Jakarta Selatan,
Indonesia, Telex No. 79644421/7964457 (Answerback: HUFFCO IA)
Telecopier No.: 62-21-380-0037 shall receive notices and other
communications for, and is hereby designated the representative of,
Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited and Universe
Tankships, Inc., for the receipt of notices and other
communications to such Persons under this Agreement.  Total
Indonesie shall receive notices and other communications for itself
and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. shall
receive notices and other communications for itself and Indonesia
Petroleum, Ltd.  A new or successor representative may be
designated by notice to such effect signed by all such appropriate
Persons given to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent 10 days in
advance of any such change.  Until receipt of any such notice, the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent may rely on any notice or other
communication to the representative as being notice to each such
Person.

         6.2  No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.  No failure to
exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Person
having rights hereunder, any right, power or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege.  Subject always to the provisions of
Part 5 hereof, the rights and remedies herein provided shall be
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
law.

         6.3 Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Participations. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Tranche A Lender, the Lead Managers, the Tranche B Lenders, the
Agent and the holders from time to time of the Notes and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, in each case to the
extent that the provisions of the Loan Agreement and Letter
Agreement inure to the benefit of such Persons and their respective
successors and permitted assigns thereunder, and except as
specifically set forth in this Section 6.3, no Person shall have or
acquire any right or benefit hereunder or in respect of any obliga-
tion of any Producer herein contained.  Except for the assignments
prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Supply Agreements by
Pertamina to the other Producers of the production sharing
percentages of such Producers in amounts payable by the Buyer under
the LNG Sales Contract and certain other amounts as specified in
the Supply Agreements, and except for the assignments pursuant to
the relevant supply agreements by Pertamina to the other Producers
of the production sharing percentages of such Producers in amounts
payable by the buyers under the Contingent Support Agreements and
certain other amounts as specified in such supply agreements, no
Producer may assign any rights or delegate any obligations
hereunder or assign any rights in or to the Source of Debt service
prior to deposit in the Bontang III Payment Account, or to the
Source of Contingent Support or Contingent Support in any manner
that would reduce any amount of Contingent Support payable to the
Borrower during any Contingent Support Period, without the written
consent of the Majority Lenders, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld; provided that if another corporation, or
other entity, wholly-owned by or an agency of the Republic of
Indonesia should succeed to all rights and obligations of Pertamina
under the Trust Agreement and all of the Basic Agreements,
Contingent Support Agreements and Contingent Support Trust
Agreements to which it is a party, Pertamina may assign all of its
rights and delegate all of its obligations hereunder to such other
corporation, entity or agency, such assignment and delegation to
become effective upon such Person's written assumption (a copy of
which shall be provided to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent and
which shall confirm the assignment of rights and the assumption of
obligations by such Person under the Trust Agreement and the Basic
Agreements, Contingent Support Agreements and Contingent Support
Trust Agreements to which the assignor is a party) of all of
Pertamina's obligations hereunder including, without limitation,
the restrictions on assignments and delegations contained in this
Section 6.3 which shall apply to all assignees of the rights and
delegees of the obligations of Pertamina and its assignees and
delegees; and provided further that any Producer other than
Pertamina may assign its rights and delegate its obligations
hereunder and assign its rights with respect to the Source of Debt
Service, any Source of Contingent Support and Contingent Support,
in each case prior to deposit in the Bontang III Payment Account,
to the extent of and in conjunction with the assignment of its
rights and the delegation of obligations under the Trust Agreement
and the Basic Agreements, the Contingent Support Agreements and the
Contingent Support Trust Agreements, in each case to which it is a
party, such assignment and delegation to become effective upon such
Person's written assumption (a copy of which assumption shall be
provided to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent and which shall
confirm to the extent provided in such assignment and delegation
the assignment of rights and the assumption of obligations under
the Trust Agreement and the Basic Agreements, the Contingent
Support Agreements and the Contingent Support Trust Agreements, in
each case to which the assignor is a party) of such Producer's
obligations hereunder including without limitation, the
restrictions on assignments and delegations contained in this
Section 6.3 which shall apply to all assignees of the rights and
delegees of the obligations of such Producer and its assignees and
delegees.  The Producers may treat each Lender as the holder of the
Note drawn to its order and delivered to such Lender until written
notice of transfer shall have been received by them.  All
agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall
survive the making of any such transfer hereunder by any Lender. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender may grant
participations, in whole or in part, in its rights under this
Agreement to the extent that it may grant participations in its
rights under the Loan Agreement, Notes and Letter Agreement.

         6.4  Amendments.  Any provision of this Agreement may be
amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or waiver shall
be in writing and signed (including the form of signatures on any
telex, cable or facsimile with appropriate confirmed answerback,
cable or facsimile copy duly sent by the Person so amending or
waiving) by the Producers, the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and the
Majority Tranche B Lenders; provided that any waiver need only be
signed by the party granting the waiver.  Any such amendment or
waiver shall be signed by the Agent on behalf of the Tranche B
Lenders if the Agent has been so authorized in writing or by telex
or cable by the Majority Tranche B Lenders.  Any amendment or
waiver signed by the Agent in accordance with the preceding
sentence shall be binding upon the Tranche B Lenders and any holder
of a Tranche B Note.


         6.5  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete sets of
counterparts shall be lodged with the Tranche A Lender, the Agent
and Pertamina.

         6.6  Section Headings.  The Section headings in this
Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall
be ignored in construing this Agreement.

         6.7  GOVERNING LAW.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK,
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO
BE
PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE.

         6.8  CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.

    (a)  SOLELY FOR PURPOSES OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PRODUCER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS THAT ANY SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR
PROCEEDING AGAINST IT OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTY WITH RESPECT TO ANY
OF
THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN
ANY
NEW YORK STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY
AND
STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY FEDERAL COURT OF THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA LOCATED IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; AS THE
TRANCHE A LENDER, ANY TRANCHE B LENDER OR THE AGENT MAY ELECT,
AND
BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PRODUCER
HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO AND ACCEPTS, SOLELY AS AFORESAID, WITH
REGARD TO ANY SUCH SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING FOR ITSELF
AND
IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE
NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS.  EACH
PRODUCER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY DESIGNATES, APPOINTS AND EMPOWERS CT
CORPORATION
SYSTEM, 1633 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10019 AS ITS AGENT TO
RECEIVE FOR AND ON ITS BEHALF SERVICE OF PROCESS IN NEW YORK IN ANY
SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
IT IS UNDERSTOOD THAT A COPY OF ANY SUCH PROCESS SERVED ON SUCH
AGENT SHALL BE PROMPTLY FORWARDED BY AIRMAIL BY THE PERSON
COMMENCING SUCH SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO THE RELEVANT
PRODUCER AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HEREOF,
BUT THE FAILURE OF THE RELEVANT PRODUCER TO RECEIVE SUCH COPY
SHALL
NOT AFFECT IN ANY WAY THE SERVICE OF SUCH PROCESS AS AFORESAID.  IF
SERVICE OF PROCESS CANNOT BE EFFECTED IN THE FOREGOING MANNER,
EACH
PRODUCER FURTHER, SOLELY AS AFORESAID, IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO
THE
SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY
THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED AIRMAIL,
POSTAGE PREPAID, RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, TO THE RESPECTIVE
PRODUCER AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HEREOF. 
THE FOREGOING, HOWEVER, SHALL NOT LIMIT THE RIGHT OF THE LENDERS
TO
SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING
ANY
SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR TO OBTAIN EXECUTION OF
JUDGMENT
IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

    (b)  SOLELY AS AFORESAID, EACH PRODUCER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE
LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT LOCATED IN THE
BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY AND STATE OF NEW YORK AND HEREBY
FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE THAT
A
COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY AND STATE OF
NEW
YORK IS NOT A CONVENIENT FORUM FOR ANY SUCH SUIT, LEGAL ACTION OR
PROCEEDING.  PERTAMINA REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT THIS
AGREEMENT
AND ITS OBLIGATIONS MADE HEREUNDER AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY CONSTITUTE COMMERCIAL RATHER THAN PUBLIC
OR
GOVERNMENTAL ACTS.  EACH PRODUCER OTHER THAN PERTAMINA
REPRESENTS
AND WARRANTS THAT IT IS NOT ENTITLED TO CLAIM IMMUNITY FROM
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ANY OF ITS PROPERTY ON THE
GROUNDS OF SOVEREIGNTY OR OTHERWISE UNDER ANY LAW OR IN ANY
JURISDICTION WHERE AN ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT FOR THE ENFORCEMENT
OF
ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRUST
AGREEMENT.  TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY PRODUCER OR ANY OF ITS
PROPERTY
OR THE SOURCE OF DEBT SERVICE, SOURCE OF CONTINGENT SUPPORT OR
CONTINGENT SUPPORT PRIOR TO DEPOSIT IN THE BONTANG III PAYMENT
ACCOUNT OR IN THE RELEVANT CONTINGENT SUPPORT ACCOUNT HAS OR
HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY CLAIM OF RIGHT TO IMMUNITY FROM
SET-OFF,
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, OTHER
ATTACHMENT,
LEVY OR EXECUTION OF JUDGMENTS ON THE GROUNDS OF SOVEREIGNTY OR
OTHERWISE, EACH PRODUCER ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ANY SUCCESSORS,
SOLELY AS AFORESAID, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH CLAIM OF
RIGHT
TO IMMUNITY FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN RESPECT OF ITS
OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRUST AGREEMENT
AND
EACH CONTINGENT SUPPORT TRUST AGREEMENT AND EACH PRODUCER
AGREES
THAT IT WILL NOT ASSERT ANY SUCH RIGHT TO IMMUNITY IN ANY WAY
WHICH
WOULD IMPAIR THE PERFORMANCE OR ABILITY OF THE BORROWER TO
PERFORM
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE LOAN AGREEMENT.

         6.9  Severability.  If any one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement or any document executed in connection
herewith shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
under any applicable law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any
way affected or impaired.

         6.10  Reinstatement. The obligations of the Producers to
make payments under this Agreement shall continue to be effective
or shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if, at any time, a
payment or any part thereof, of any amount paid to a Lender in
respect of which a Producer is obligated to make payment hereunder
is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the
Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the
Borrower or for any other reason, all as though such payment had
not been made.

         6.11  Confidentiality.  No copy of (a) this Agreement,
the Loan Agreement or the Trust Agreement or (b) any other
agreement to which any Producer or the Trustee is a party or any
document signed or issued by or on behalf of any such Producer,
which agreement or document is identified by any Producer to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent as confidential, shall, without
Pertamina's consent for the agreements referred to in clause (a),
or the consent of the relevant Producer for agreements or documents
referred to in clause (b), be released or otherwise delivered by or
on behalf of the Tranche A Lender, the Agent or any Tranche B
Lender to any third party, except, prior to the Effective Date, to
any prospective lender in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby pursuant to a confidentiality undertaking in a
form approved by the Producers on or prior to the date hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the agreements and documents
referred to in the preceding sentence may be released to any
prospective assignee of or participant in the rights of the Lenders
under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and this Agreement upon
execution by such Person of a confidentiality undertaking in a form
substantially similar to that approved by the Producers on or prior
to the date hereof.  No public announcement or statement or
publication relating to any of the foregoing shall be made or
released by or on behalf of the Tranche A Lender, the Agent or any
Tranche B Lender, without the prior written approval of the
Producers.

         6.12  The parties hereto acknowledge that amounts
deposited in the Bontang Excess Sales Account (KCO Quantities)
during any First or Second Contingent Support Period may be
affected by adjustments made from time to time pursuant to Section
1.6 of the Bontang I Trust Agreement and that the amounts to be
paid to the Borrower therefrom will be similarly affected.  The
parties hereto further acknowledge that amounts once received by
the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee as described in the preceding
sentence for any Contingent Support Period are final
notwithstanding any adjustments made pursuant to such Section 1.6
subsequent to such Contingent Support Period.
                                 * * * * *
<PAGE>
         The undersigned Producers have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their respective duly authorized signatories as
of the date hereof.


    PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN       MINYAK
    DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1A
Jakarta - Indonesia
Telex No.: 44441/44134
Answerback: PERTA JKT/
                 PERTA IA         By:  /s/Abdul Rachman Ramly    
Telecopier No. 62-21-720-0300     Name:  Abdul Rachman Ramly
Attention: Director of Processing      Title: President Director



    ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
P.O. Box 4455
Houston, Texas 77210
U.S.A.
Telex No. 762810
Answerback: HUFFCO HOU            By:  /s/John J. Patton         
Telecopier No. 1-713-651-0104     Name: John J. Patton
Attention: Treasurer              Title: Vice President


                                       HUFFINGTON CORPORATION
P.O. Box 4455
Houston, Texas 77210
U.S.A.
Telex No.: 762810
Answerback: HUFFCO HOU            By: /s/Michael B. Decker       
Telecopier No. 1-713-651-0104     Name:  Michael B. Decker
Attention: Roy M. Huffington      Title:  Vice President


<PAGE>
                                       VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
    COMPANY                       
120 White Plains Road
Tarrytown, New York 10591
U.S.A.
Telex No.: 179094
Answerback: AMULT UT
Telecopier No. 1-914-332-0807     By: /s/James Wall              
Attention: R. W. Bland            Name:  James Wall
                                       Title:  Attorney-in-Fact


                                       VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
120 White  Plains  Road
Tarrytown, New York 10591
U.S.A.
Telex No.: 178998
Answerback: AMULT UT                   By: /s/James Wall              
Telecopier No. 1-914-332-0807     Name:  James Wall
Attention:  R.W. Bland            Title:      Attorney-in-Fact


                                       ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
c/o  American  Ultramar Limited
120 White Plains Road
Tarrytown, New York 10591
U.S.A.                                      By: /s/P. J. Guarina           
Telex No.: 178999                 Name:  P. J. Guarino
Answerback: AMULT UT                   Title:  Vice President
Telecopier No. 1-914-332-0807
Attention: R. W. Bland


                                       UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                       LIMITED   
c/o Union Texas Petroleum Corporation
P.O.  Box 2120
Houston, Texas 77252-2120
U. S. A.
Telex No.:  775255                By: /s/M. M. Markowitz        
Answerback: UNOTEX PET HOU        Name:  M. N. Markowitz
Telecopier No.  1-713-968-2771    Title:
Attention: A.C.  Berman

                                       UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.
c/o Universe Tankships 
  (Delaware) Inc.
1345 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10105          By:  /s/                      
U. S. A.                               Name:
Telex No.:  620-312               Title:
Answerback: AMTANK
Telecopier No. 1-212-765-3000 
         Ext.322
Attention: W. E. Fisher, Jr.
           President


                                       TOTAL INDONESIE

Tromolopos 10
Jakarta 10002
Indonesia
Telex No.:  44108
Answerback:  TOTAL JKT
Telecopier No.:  62-21-520-0834
Attention: General Manager        By: /s/Melchoir De Meatharel   
                                       Name:  Melchoir De Matharel
                                       Title:  General Manager



10th Floor, Toranomon 37          INDONESIA PETRDLEUM, LTD.
Mori Building
No. 5-1, Toranomon 3-Chome 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 105, Japan
Telex No.:  2424210               By: /s/Si Sugiyama             
Answerback: JAIPEX J              Name: Si Sugiyama
Telecopier No.: 81-3-434-1603     Title: Director and General
Manager
Attention: General Manager of Marketing             Jakarta Office

<PAGE>
Ratu Plaza Office Tower           UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.
7th Floor
Jalan Jenderal Sudirman
Jakarta, Indonesia
Telex No.:  47335                 By: /s/Donald A. Mackay       
Answerback: UNOCAL IA             Name: Donald A. Mackay
Telecopier No.: 62-21-711-954     Title:  Regional Director of
Finance
Attention:  President


Accepted:

TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD.


By:  /s/Rintaro Hara                        
Name:  Rintaro Hara
Title:  Executive Vice President


THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN
  TRUST COMPANY, AS AGENT


By: /s/Yoshiro Teranaka                   
Name:  Yoshiro Teranaka
Title:  Executive Vice President


THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN
  TRUST COMPANY


By: /s/Yoshiro Teranaka                   
Name:  Yoshiro Teranaka
Title:  Executive Vice President

<PAGE>
THE BANK OF TOKYO, LTD.
  NEW YORK AGENCY


By: /s/Takefumi Mumta                    
Name:  Takefumi Mumta
Title: Attorney-in-Fact


THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK OF JAPAN, LIMITED 
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By:  /s/Kenichi Amano                     
Name:  Kenichi Amano
Title:  Deputy General Manager


BANQUE INDOSUEZ
  NEW YORK 


By: /s/Yves G. Gaden                      
Name:  Yves G. Gaden
Title:  First Vice President
        Attorney-in-fact

THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK, LIMITED
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Munetoshi Matsumoto              
Name:  Munetoshi Matsumoto
Title:  Vice President

THE DAIWA BANK, LIMITED 
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Hiroyuki Doi                         
Name:  Hiroyuki Doi
Title:  Manager


THE FUJI BANK AND TRUST COMPANY


By: /s/Mitsuhiro Naguhama               
Name:  Mitsuhiro Naguhama
Title:  Vice President


THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED 
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Takishi Yokokawa                  
Name:  Takishi Yokokawa
Title:  Manager


THE MITSUBISHI TRUST AND BANKING CORPORATION 
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Ryoichi Mizukami                  
Name:  Ryoichi Mizukami
Title:  Manager



THE MITSUI BANK, LTD.
  NEW  YORK  BRANCH


By: /s/Ken-Ichi Sato                        
Name:  Ken-Ichi Sato
Title:  Senior Vice President

THE MITSUI TRUST & BANKING CO., LTD.
NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Kazuo Yasuda                       
Name: Kazuo Yasuda
Title:  Deputy Manager


THE SAITAMA BANK, LTD.
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Takayoshi Tasaka                   
Name:  Takayoshi Tasaka
Title: Senior Manager


THE SANWA BANK, LIMITED
  NEW YORK BRANCH

By: /s/Toshihiko Yashizawa               
Name:  Toshihiko Yashizawa
Title:  Vice President


THE SUMITOMO BANK LIMITED
  NEW YORK BRANCH

By: /s/Kazuyoshi Ogawa                   
Name:  Kazuyoshi Ogawa
Title:  Vice President

THE TOKAI BANK, LIMITED
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By: /s/Toshikazu Nakano                  
Name:  Toshikazu Nakano
Title:  Vice President


THE TOYO TRUST & BANKING CO., LTD.
  NEW YORK BRANCH


By:  /s/Robert J. Tse                       
Name:  Robert J. Tse
Title:  Vice President
<PAGE>
                                                                 Schedule 1





                        Liability Share Percentages


                                                                 Pre Tax   
                                                                Percentage 
                                                               Interest (%)

Pertamina                                                          20.4545%

Roy M. Huffington, Inc.                                             3.7673%

Huffington Corporation                                              0.9418%

Virginia International Company                                      3.6790%

Virginia Indonesia Company                                          1.7659%

Ultramar Indonesia Limited                                          6.1808%

Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited                                 6.1808%

Universe Tankships, Inc.                                            1.0301%

Total Indonesie                                                    18.1299%

Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.                                              9.8700%

Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.                                          27.9999%


                                                                   100%    


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG III LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>







                        BONTANG III LOAN AGREEMENT

                          _______________________

                              $316,000,000.00

                      CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL

                                as Trustee
                     under the Bontang III Trustee and
                          Paying Agent Agreement

                               as Borrower,

                         TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD.

                           as Tranche A Lender,

                  the banks named herein as Lead Managers
                           and Tranche B Lenders

                                    and

                THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN TRUST COMPANY

                                 as Agent

                  for the Tranche B Lenders named herein


                            __________________

                       Dated as of February 9, 1988
<PAGE>
                              LOAN AGREEMENT


     AGREEMENT dated as of February 9, 1988 among

     (i)   CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Trustee under the Bontang III Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement among it and PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA, ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC., HUFFINGTON
CORPORATION, VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, VIRGINIA INDONESIA
COMPANY, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED, UNION TEXAS EAST
KALIMANTAN
LIMITED, UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC., TOTAL INDONESIE, UNOCAL
INDONESIA, LTD and INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD., dated as of the
date hereof;

     (ii) TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD., as Tranche A Lender;

     (iii)     THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN TRUST COMPANY, THE
BANK OF TOKYO, LTD., THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK OF JAPAN, LIMITED
and BANQUE INDOSUEZ, as Lead Managers;

     (iv) the banks and other financial institutions named under
the caption "Tranche B Lenders" on the signature pages hereof;
and

     (v)  THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN TRUST COMPANY, as Agent
for the Tranche B Lenders.

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Tranche A Lender and
the Tranche B Lenders to make advances to the Borrower upon the
terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement in an
aggregate principal amount of $189,600,000.00 for Tranche A and
$126,400,000.00 for Tranche B, respectively, for the purpose of
paying (i) the costs incurred or to be incurred in connection
with the design, engineering, procurement and construction of or
otherwise relating to Train E and (ii) interest, fees, expenses,
taxes and other amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to
Sections 2.3, 2.7, 2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and 10.6 hereof;

     WHEREAS, the Tranche A and Tranche B Lenders are prepared,
severally, and not jointly or jointly and severally, to make such
advances to the Borrower on a pro rata basis
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement;
and

     WHEREAS, no recourse shall be had for any amount due under
this Agreement against Continental Bank International in its
individual capacity, with certain proceeds from the sale of
liquefied natural gas being the sole source of repayment
hereunder of all such amounts, except as specifically provided
herein.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS

     As used in this Agreement,'the following capitalized
expressions shall have the following respective meanings, such
meanings to be applicable to both the singular and the plural
forms of such expressions:

     "Advance" means, with respect to Tranche A, each advance by
the Tranche A Lender, and, with respect to Tranche B, each
advance by a Tranche B Lender, in each case to the Borrower
hereunder on a Borrowing Date or, where the context so requires,
the amount of such advance from time to time outstanding.

     "Agent" means The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company
acting in its capacity as agent for the Tranche B Lenders
hereunder, or any successor thereto appointed pursuant to Section
8.10 hereof.

     "Applicable Margin" means for Advances with respect to
Tranche B (including any Deferred Portion thereof) and with
respect to any Deferred Portion of Tranche A (i) on any date
during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on
the Completion Date, 1%, (ii) on any date during the period
beginning on the date following the Completion Date and ending on
the date that is the fifth anniversary of the Completion Date,
7/8%, and (iii) on any date following such fifth anniversary date
while this Agreement is in effect, 1%.

     "Assumed Interest Rate" means the interest rate per annum
agreed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders on or prior to
the date hereof; provided, however, that at any time and from
time to time following the date hereof upon the reasonable
request of the Borrower, the Tranche A Lender or the Agent on
behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders, then the Borrower, the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent on behalf of the Majority Tranche
B Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to reach agreement on an
interest rate per annum to serve as the Assumed Interest Rate
which is acceptable to the Borrower, the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent on behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders.  If agreement
cannot be reached on such interest rate within 30 days following
a request for such negotiations, then the Assumed Interest Rate
shall be the interest rate per annum specified in good faith by
the Tranche A Lender and the Agent on behalf of the Majority
Tranche B Lenders.

     "Availability Period" means the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date six
months following the Completion Date or (ii) September 30, 1990.

     "Basic Agreements" means the agreements listed on Schedule 1
hereto.

     "Bontang Excess Sales Account (KCO Quantities)" has the
meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement.

     "Bontang Excess Sales Account (Yokkaichi Trade)" has the
meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement.

     "Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement" has the meaning set
forth in Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Bontang I Trust Agreement" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Bontang Plant" means the natural gas liquefaction plant at
Bontang Bay on the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia including
all related facilities, such as natural gas processing plants for
the production of LNG and liquefied petroleum gas consisting of
propane and butane, utilities, storage tanks, loading lines and
arms, harbor, docks, berths, tug boats, residential community,
workshops, offices, fixed plant and equipment and communication
systems, together with replacements, improvements, additions and
expansions of all such facilities (including Train E), together
also with natural gas transmission lines extending from "Delivery
Points" as defined in the Processing Agreement, and from such
other points in other fields from which natural gas is supplied,
to the said natural gas liquefaction plant (including associated
knock-out drums but excluding natural gas gathering pipelines
within fields).

     "Bontang III Payment Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Borrowed Amounts" means any amounts borrowed pursuant to
the first sentence of Section 2.2(b) hereof.

     "Borrower" means Continental Bank International, solely as
Trustee under the Trust Agreement and not in its individual
capacity.  The term "Borrower" does not include Continental Bank
International in any other capacity or any one or more of the
Producers.

     "Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of
Advances of a Tranche made to the Borrower at the same time by
all then participating Lenders severally.

     "Borrowing Date" means (i) a Business Day prior to February
18, 1988 specified in a Notice of Borrowing as a date on which
the Borrower will make a Borrowing hereunder, (ii) thereafter
each March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 during the
Availability Period and (iii) the last day of the Availability
Period; provided that if a Borrowing Date would otherwise occur
on a date which is not a Business Day, such Borrowing Date shall
be the immediately preceding Business Day.

     "Business Day" means any day on which (i) dealings in Dollar
deposits are carried on in the London interbank market and (ii)
commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in any
of London, the City of New York or Tokyo.

     "Buyer" means Chinese Petroleum Corporation, a corporation
organized under the laws of the Republic of China, as buyer under
the LNG Sales Contract.

     "Chubu Sales Contract" means the LNG Sales and Purchase
Contract (Yokkaichi LNG Trade) between Pertamina and Nusantara
Gas Services Company, Inc. ("Nusantara"), dated August 28, 1987,
as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof, as supplemented by the Agreement Regarding
Incentive Volumes between Pertamina and Chubu Electric Power Co.,
Inc., dated August 28, 1987, as heretofore and hereafter amended,
and by the Side Letter to LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
(Yokkaichi LNG Trade) between Pertamina and Nusantara, dated
August 28, 1987, as heretofore and hereafter amended. 

     "Commitment" means, with respect to each Lender, the
principal amount set forth opposite such Lender's name under the
caption "Commitment" on the signature pages hereof, as such
amounts may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 3.7
hereof, or such Lender's commitment to lend such amounts, as the
context may require.

     "Completion Date" means the date on which each of the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent shall have received a written
notice from the Borrower as required by Section 6.1(e) hereof, to
which is attached a notice from Pertamina to the effect that:

     (i)  the construction of Train E has been completed in
accordance with the Development Plan and Train E has been fully
and finally accepted by Pertamina under the Construction
Agreement;

     (ii) Train E has demonstrated processing capabilities
consistent with those contained in the Development Plan and at
least 170,000 metric tons of LNG meeting the quality
specifications set forth in the LNG Sales Contract have been
produced over a period of 30 consecutive days and delivered to
storage during such period; and

     (iii)     actual aggregate shipments after the Start-up of
at least two full cargoes of LNG have been made to the Receiving
Facilities pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract during the 30-day
period referred to in clause (ii) above.

     "Completion of the Receiving Facilities" means the first
date on which the Buyer is able to receive LNG at the Receiving
Facilities on a continuing basis so as to be in a position to
perform its obligations to purchase and receive LNG under the LNG
Sales Contract.

     "Construction Agreement" means the Bontang LNG Expansion
Project Train E  Agreement (Contract No. B30-JMC-001) to be
entered into prior to the initial Borrowing among Pertamina,
Chiyoda Chemical Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. and
Mitsubishi Corporation, as thereafter amended.

     "Contingent Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article I of the Trust Agreement.

     "Contingent Support" means any or all of the First,, Second
or Third Contingent Supports.

     "Contingent Support Account" means each of the Bontang
Excess Sales Account (KCO Quantities), Bontang Excess Sales
Account (Yokkaichi Trade) and each Future Long Term
Sales Contingent Support Account, Future Spot Sales Contingent
Support Account, Special Spot Contingent Support Account and the
relevant account for Contingent Support under each Special Long
Term Sales Trust Agreement.

     "Contingent Support Agreements" means the agreements listed
on Schedule 2 hereto.

     "Contingent Support Period" means any of the First, Second
or Third Contingent Support Periods.

     "Contingent Support Trust Agreements" means the Bontang
Excess Sales Trust Agreement, the Bontang I Trust Agreement and
any Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement.

     "Debt Coverage Ratio" means:

     (i)  during the Availability Period, an amount determined as
the product of (a) (i) the sum of (x) the present value as of the
later of June 30, 1990 or the time of calculation (determined by
discounting by the Discount Rate at the time of calculation) of
the Source of Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable
from such later date to the Final Maturity Date plus (y) the
amount held in the Reserve Account at the time of calculation,
divided by (ii) the total Commitments, multiplied by (b) 100; and

     (ii) thereafter, an amount determined as the product of (a)
(i) the sum of'(x) the present value as of the time of
calculation (determined by discounting by the Discount Rate at
the time of calculation) of the Source of Debt Service reasonably
anticipated to be payable from the time of calculation to the
Final Maturity Date plus (y) the amount held in the Reserve
Account at the time of calculation, divided (ii) by the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes at the time of
calculation, multiplied by (b) 100.

     During any Contingent Support Period, the references to "the
Source of Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable to
the Final Maturity Date" contained in this definition of Debt
Coverage Ratio shall be deemed to mean the amounts of Contingent
Support reasonably anticipated to be payable during such
Contingent Support Period (taking into account the amounts of
Source of Contingent Support reasonably anticipated to be payable
during such Contingent Support Period) plus, if it is reasonably
anticipated that such Contingent Support Period will end, any
Source of Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable after
the end thereof to the Final Maturity Date.

     For purposes of calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio,
whenever (i) a quarterly calculation of the Debt Coverage Ratio
is required pursuant to Section 6.1(b) hereof, (ii) the Tranche A
Lender or the Agent on behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders
requests a calculation in accordance with Section 6.1(c) hereof,
or (iii) at any time the Borrower reasonably requests, the
Borrower, the Tranche A Lender and the Agent shall negotiate in
good faith to reach agreement on assumptions necessary for
calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio which are acceptable to the
Borrower, the Tranche A Lender and the Agent on behalf of the
Majority Tranche B Lenders.  If the Borrower, the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent on behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders
cannot reach agreement on such assumptions within 10 days prior
to the date a quarterly statement is due under Section 6.1(b)
hereof or within 30 days following a request by one to the others
for such negotiations, whichever is earlier, then the assumptions
used for purposes of the relevant calculation or calculations
shall be those specified in good faith by the Tranche A Lender
and the Agent on behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders.

     "Debt Coverage Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Debt Service Account" has the meaning set forth in Article
1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Deferred Portion" means any portion of the outstanding
principal amount of a Tranche, the payment of which has been
deferred pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof.

     "Development Plan" means the Development Plan for Train E
entitled BADAK LNG III (TRAIN E) PROJECT DEVELOPMENT PLAN dated
December 1987, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Discount Rate" means at any time the weighted average
(based on principal amounts then outstanding) of (i) with respect
to Tranche A, 11-1/2% per annum and (ii) the Assumed Interest
Rate as if it were the interest rate applicable to Tranche B.

     "Disputed Force Majeure Account Agreement" means the
agreement so entitled, dated as of March 19, 1987, between
Pertamina, the Buyer and Chemical Bank, as heretofore and
hereafter amended.

     "Dollars" and the sign "$" mean such coin or currency of the
United States of America as is, at the relevant time, legal
tender for the payment of public and private debts.

     "Drawdown Schedule" means the schedule of Borrowings on each
of the Borrowing Dates in accordance with Schedule 3 hereto as
amended or supplemented pursuant to Section 2.2(b) hereto.

     "Effective Date" means the date this Agreement is fully
executed by all of the parties hereto.

     "Encumbrance" means any lien, security interest, mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, charge or any other encumbrance of any
kind, including, without limitation, the rights of a vendor,
lessor or similar party under any conditional sale agreement or
other title retention agreement or lease substantially equivalent
thereto, any production payment, and, with respect to any
property or assets, any other right of or arrangement with any
creditor to have its claim satisfied out of any such property or
assets, or the proceeds therefrom, prior to the general creditors
of the owner thereof.

     "Escrow Agreement" means the Badak Escrow and Trust
Agreement dated as of July 15, 1974 among Pertamina, The
Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited and Japan Indonesia LNG Co.,
Ltd., as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Event of Default" means any of the events specified in
Section 7 hereof.

     "Excluded Taxes" means:

     (i)  with respect to Tranche A, (x) any Taxes imposed by
Japan or any department, agency or political subdivision or
taxing authority thereof or therein and (y) the additional amount
of any Taxes that may be imposed upon or with respect to a
Payment arising solely by reason of the fact that the Tranche A
Lender changes the source of the funds it uses to make or
maintain Advances from that contemplated as of the date of this
Agreement, for any reason other than a change in the source of
funding made in connection with maintaining any Overdue Amounts
or any Deferred Portion of Tranche A; and

     (ii) with respect to Tranche B, (x) any Taxes (including
withholdings) based upon gross or net income payable by a Tranche
B Lender or the Agent to the jurisdiction of such Lender's
incorporation or the jurisdictions in which such Lender capital
has its principal executive office or in which its Lending Office
is located, or any department, agency or other political
subdivision or taxing authority in any of such jurisdictions and
(y) the additional amount of any Taxes (other than Taxes
described in the preceding clause (x) prior to a change in the
Lending Office) that may be imposed upon or with respect to a
Payment arising solely by reason of the facts that the Lender is
a foreign corporation or other non-resident person within the
meaning of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the
Lending office receiving such Payment is not located in the
United States of America.  Solely for purposes of the preceding
sentence, the term "Lending Office" shall mean, in addition to
the definition set forth below in this Section 1, a branch or
office of a Tranche B Lender which has physical custody of a
Tranche B Note, this Agreement or the Letter Agreement or which
conducts the activities that are the responsibilities of a
Tranche B Lender described in this Agreement or, solely in the
event that a taxing jurisdiction asserts a tax by reason of the
fact that a branch or office of a Tranche B Lender previously had
(but no longer has) such custody or conducted (but no longer
conducts) such activities, such other branch or office.

     "Final Maturity Date" means the fortieth Maturity Date
occurring following the last day of the Availability Period.

     "First Contingent Support" means amounts from time to time
held in the Contingent Support Accounts (other than the Special
Spot Contingent Support Accounts) under the Bontang Excess Sales
Trust Agreement, which amounts are (a) 100% of (i) the gross
invoice amount payable under the Chubu Sales Contract, any Future
Long Term Sales Contract and any Future Spot Sales, on a cargo by
cargo basis, and received by the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee
under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement, less any relevant
Permitted Amounts, plus (ii) any relevant Related Amounts, and
(b) all amounts received by the Bontang Excess Sales Trustee
under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement from the Trustee
under the Bontang I Trust Agreement relating to the Korean
Carry-Over Quantities.  With respect to the First Contingent
Support Period referred to in clause (i) of the definition
thereof, there are no Future Long Term Sales Contracts or Future
Spot Sales.

     "First Contingent Support Period" means each of (i) if
Start-up does not occur prior to January 1, 1990, the period
commencing on January 1, 1990 and ending on the earlier to occur
of (x) Start-up and (y) September 30, 1990, (ii) if Completion of
the Receiving Facilities does not occur on or before September
30, 1990, the period commencing on October 1, 1990 and ending on
the date of Completion of the Receiving Facilities, (iii) if
Pertamina exercises its right to suspend deliveries under Section
10.5 of the LNG Sales Contract, the period of such suspension,
and (iv) the periods referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the
definition of Third Contingent Support Period contained herein.


     "Future Long Term Sales Contracts" means, with respect to
any First Contingent Support Period referred to in clauses (ii),
(iii) and (iv) of the definition thereof, all Long Term Sales
Contracts, other than Special Long Term Sales Contracts, in
effect and with respect to which payment or performance or both
are not yet completed (and any proceeds of which have not been
deposited in the relevant Contingent Support Account under the
Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement) at the time of commencement
of such First Contingent Support Period.

     "Future Long Term Sales Contingent Support Accounts" has the
meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement.

     "Future Spot Sales" means, with respect to any First
Contingent Support Period referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) and
(iv) of the definition thereof, all Spot Sales, other than
Special Spot Sales, pursuant to agreements in effect and with
respect to which payment or performance or both are not yet
completed (and any proceeds of which have not been deposited in
the relevant Contingent Support Account under the Bontang Excess
Sales Trust Agreement) at the time of commencement of such First
Contingent Support Period.

     "Future Spot Sales Contingent Support Accounts" has the
meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement.

     "Gross Invoice Amount" means the sum of (i) the amounts
payable to the Borrower pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract in
respect of LNG purchased or, if not taken, required to be
purchased but not taken thereunder, (ii) amounts payable to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 6.3 of each Supply Agreement or
Section 23 of the Transportation Agreement (with respect to
amounts payable to Pertamina), (iii) all amounts payable to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 5 of the Disputed Force Majeure
Account Agreement, (iv) all amounts payable to the Borrower on
account of interest due by reason of the late payment of invoices
for LNG under Section 10.3(c) of the LNG Sales Contract and (v)
all demurrage payable to the Borrower by the Buyer under Section
4.4(c) of the LNG Sales Contract; provided that the Gross Invoice
Amount shall not be reduced by any rebate, setoff, reduction or
discount given or agreed to by one or more parties to the LNG
Sales Contract from such amount payable as so defined, adjusted
and calculated.

     "Guarantee" by any Person means any obligation, contingent
or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing any Indebtedness or
other obligation of any other Person and, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay
(or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such
Indebtedness or other obligation (whether arising by virtue of
partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase
assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or to
maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (ii)
entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the
obligee of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment
thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect
thereof (in whole or in part); provided that the term Guarantee
shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business.

     "Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person, (i) all
indebtedness or obligations of such Person for borrowed money,
(ii) all indebtedness or obligations of such Person evidenced by
bonds, debentures, notes, swap agreements or other similar
instruments or agreements, and all securities issued by such
Person providing for mandatory payments of money, whether or not
contingent, (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade
accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (iv)
all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital leases,
(v) all obligations of such Person to purchase securities (or
other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale
of the same or substantially similar securities or property, (vi)
all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse any
Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit or
similar instrument to the extent that such reimbursement
obligations remain outstanding five business days after they
become non-contingent, (vii) Indebtedness of others secured by an
Encumbrance on any asset of such Person, whether or not such
Indebtedness is assumed by such Person or (viii) all Guarantees
by such Person of or with respect to the Indebtedness of another
Person.

     "Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest
Period.

     "Interest Period" means (except in the case of the initial
Interest Period), with respect to Tranche A, a period of three
months, and, with respect to Tranche B, a period of three or six
months selected or deemed selected by the Borrower as provided in
Section 2.4 hereof, and, in each case, determined as follows:

     (i)  The initial Interest Period for each Borrowing will
begin on the date of such Borrowing and will end on the March 31,
June 30, September 30 or December 31 next occurring within three
months thereafter, and each subsequent Interest Period for such
Borrowing will begin on the Interest Payment Date ending the
previous Interest Period and end on the June 30, September 30,
December 31 or March 31 next occurring three or six months
thereafter, as the case may be, subject to clauses (ii), (iii)
and (iv) of this definition.

     (ii) Subject to clause (iv) of this definition, all
Borrowings with respect to Tranche B for which Interest Periods
end on the same Interest Payment Date shall be consolidated so
that all subsequent elections of Interest Periods for such
Borrowings of such Tranche shall apply to all such Borrowings so
consolidated.

     (iii)     If any Interest Period would otherwise end on a
day which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end
on the immediately preceding Business Day.

     (iv) If the Borrower wishes to elect an Interest Period of
six months for Borrowings of Tranche B and if the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Borrowings of Tranche B for
which a Notice of Interest Period is then to be given is greater
than the amount of the repayment installment of such Tranche due
to the Tranche B Lenders on a Maturity Date approximately three
months following the date of the proposed election, then, for
purposes of calculating interest, such Borrowings shall be
divided and henceforth treated as two separate Borrowings of such
Tranche (such division to be pro rata as to each Tranche B
Lender's Advances), one of an amount equal to the amount of the
repayment installment of such Tranche due to the Tranche B
Lenders on such Maturity Date (the Interest Period for which will
end on such Maturity Date) and the other of an amount equal to
the remainder of such-consolidated Borrowings of such Tranche. 
The Borrower's election of a six month Interest Period shall only
apply to such remainder of the consolidated Borrowings of such
Tranche.

     (v)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this
definition, no election of one or more Interest Periods may be
made which would cause the aggregate number of all Interest
Periods then in effect for both Tranches to exceed 10.

     "Invoice Settlement Agreements" means the Invoice Settlement
Agreement for 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as of March 31, 1987
between Pertamina and the buyers under the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract, as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any
extension or renewal thereof, and the Invoice Settlement
Agreement for 1981 LNG Sales Contract dated as of March 31, 1987
between Pertamina and the buyers under the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract, as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any
extension or renewal thereof.

     "Japanese Business Day" means any day on which commercial
banks are not authorized or required to close in Tokyo.

     "KCO General Account" has the meaning set forth in the
Bontang I Trust Agreement.

     "Korean Carry-over Quantities" has the meaning set forth in
the Korean Quantities Agreement.

     "Korean Quantities Agreement" means the Tripartite Agreement
dated January 29, 1988, effective as of the 12th day of August,
1983, among the Producers and Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc., as
heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof.

     "Korean Quantities Supplemental Memorandum" means the
Supplemental Memorandum dated January 29, 1988, among the
Producers relating to the Korean Carry-Over Quantities, as
heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Korean Sales Contract" means the LNG Sales and Purchase
Contract (Arun III Trade) between Pertamina and Korea Electric
Power Corporation, dated August 12, 1983, as assigned to Korea
Gas Corporation pursuant to an agreement dated August 13, 1984,
as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof.

     "Lead Managers" means the financial institutions named under
the caption "Lead Managers" on the signature pages hereof.

     "Legal Requirements" means all applicable (i) laws, rules,
regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees, permits, licenses,
authorizations, directions and requirements of all governments
and governmental departments, commissions, boards, authorities
and agencies, (ii) court and governmental administrative agency
judgments and injunctions, (iii) arbitral awards and (iv)
requirements of courts and arbitral tribunals.

     "Lenders" means the Tranche A Lender and each of the Tranche
B Lenders.

     "Lending Office" means (i) initially for each Lender its
office or branch located as of the date hereof at its address set
forth on the signature pages hereof and (ii) subsequently for
each Lender such other office or branch of such Lender as such
Lender may designate by notice in writing to the Borrower and the
Agent as the office or branch from or at which such Lender's
Advances with respect to a Tranche will thereafter be made or
maintained and for the account of which all payments of principal
of and interest on the relevant Notes and all other payments to
such lender under this Agreement will thereafter be made;
provided that the designation of a new Lending Office shall be
subject to the conditions stated in Section 10.4 hereof.

     "Letter Agreement" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.8(b) hereof.

     "LIBOR" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 hereof.

     "LNG" has the meaning set forth in Article 1 of the
Processing Agreement.

     "LNG Sales Contract" means the Badak III LNG Sales Contract,
dated as of March 19, 1987, between Pertamina and the Buyer, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof.

     "Long Term Sales Contracts" means contracts entered into by
Pertamina to sell two or more cargoes of LNG from the Bontang
Plant, as thereafter amended, including any extension or renewal
thereof.  Long Term Sales Contracts do not include the LNG Sales
Contract, the Chubu Sales Contract, the Korean Quantities
Agreement, the Korean Sales Contract, the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract, the 1973 LNG Sales Contract or the Invoice Settlement
Agreements.

     "Majority Lenders" means the Tranche A Lender and the
Majority Tranche B Lenders.

     "Majority Tranche B Lenders" means at any time Tranche B
Lenders holding in excess of 66-2/3% of the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of the Advances of Tranche B, or if no such
Advances are at the time outstanding, Tranche B Lenders having in
excess of 66-2/3% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments with
respect to Tranche B.

     "Maturity Date" means the first March 31, June 30, September
30 or December 31 to occur at least three months following the
last day of the Availability Period and, thereafter, each March
31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 occurring three months
following the last of the same to occur, each of which shall be
an Interest Payment Date; provided, however, that if any such
date is not a Business Day, such Maturity Date shall be the
immediately preceding Business Day.

     "1973 LNG Sales Contract" means the LNG Sales Contract,
dated as of December 3, 1973, between Pertamina and The Chubu
Electric Power Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc.,
Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation and
Osaka Gas Company, Ltd. as heretofore and hereafter amended,
including any extension on renewal thereof, as supplemented by
the Memorandum of Agreement between Pertamina and The Chubu
Electric Power Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. and
Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., dated as of January 1, 1983, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof.

     "1981 LNG Sales Contract" means the LNG Sales Contract dated
as of April 14, 1981, between Pertamina and The Chubu Electric
Power Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power
Co., Inc., Osaka Gas Company, Ltd. and Toho Gas Company, Ltd., as
heretofore and hereafter amended, including any extension or
renewal thereof.

     "Note" means any one of the Tranche A Note or Tranche B
Notes provided for in Section 2.9 hereof.

     "Notice of Borrowing" means a notice from the Borrower to
each of the Tranche A Lender and the Agent substantially in the
form of Exhibit A hereto.

     "Notice of Deferral" means a notice from the Borrower to
each of the Tranche A Lender and the Agent substantially in the
form of Exhibit B-1 hereto.

     "Notice of Interest Period" means a notice from the Borrower
to the Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto.

     "Notice of Start-up" means the notice that Start-up has
occurred given by Pertamina to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent
and the Borrower.

     "Overdue Tranche A Amounts" means any overdue principal of
the Tranche A Note and any other overdue amounts owing pursuant
to this Agreement with respect to Tranche A and the Tranche A
Note.

     "Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.4 hereof.

     "Payments" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof.

     "Permitted Amounts" means, with respect to each Contingent
Support Trust Agreement, (i) all freight, charterhire and costs
payable by Pertamina for transport of LNG pursuant to the
transportation agreement, if any, relating to sales of LNG giving
rise to any Source of Contingent Support which will constitute
Contingent Support under such Contingent Support Trust Agreement,
(ii) processing charges payable with respect to such LNG under
the Processing Agreement, (iii) Permitted Marketing Fees, if any,
with respect to such Source of Contingent Support, (iv) any other
charges with respect to the sale or delivery of LNG giving rise
to the Source of Contingent Support, and any fees and expenses of
the trustee under such Contingent Support Trust Agreement, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $25,000 per calendar quarter, (v)
in the case of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement only, an
Approved Level of Working Capital (as defined therein) not to
exceed $50,000 at any one time, and (vi) in the case of the
Bontang I Trust Agreement only, amounts required to be set aside
and paid pursuant to Article 2 and Sections 4.1 and 14.2 of the
Bontang I Trust Agreement; provided, however, Permitted Amounts
shall not include amounts referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or
(iii) of this definition with respect to amounts received by the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement from the Trustee under the Bontang I Trust Agreement
relating to the Korean CarryOver Quantities.

     "Permitted Marketing Fees" means, with respect to Source of
Contingent Support arising under the Chubu Sales Contract or any
Future or Special Long Term Sales Contract, fees payable for
marketing services incurred in connection with LNG sold under
such Contract, but only if Pertamina shall have furnished the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent promptly upon receipt copies of
all agreements and invoices relating to such fees.

     "Person" means and includes any individual, corporation,
juridical entity, association, statutory body, partnership, joint
venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization or
government, state or any political subdivision, instrumentality,
agency or authority thereof.

     "Pertamina" means Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
Bumi Negara, a State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia,
which is wholly owned by the Republic of Indonesia, and its
successors and assigns permitted under the Producers Agreement.

     "Plant Use Agreement" means the Agreement for Use and
operation of Plant dated as of July 1, 1983 between Pertamina and
P.T. Badak, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Processing Agreement" means the Amended and Restated
Bontang Processing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among
the Producers on the one hand and P.T. Badak on the other, as
hereafter amended.

     "Producers" means Pertamina, Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
Huffington Corporation, Virginia International Company, Virginia
Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesie,
Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and Persons
succeeding to their interests in the manner permitted by Section
6.3 of the Producers Agreement.

     "Producers Agreement" means the Bontang III Producers
Agreement of even date herewith among the Producers, the Tranche
A Lender, the Agent and the Tranche B Lenders, as hereafter
amended.

     "P.T. Badak" means P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction
Company, a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic
of Indonesia.

     "Quarterly Debt Service" has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof.

     "Receiving Facilities" means "Receiving Facility" as set
forth in Article 1 of the LNG Sales Contract.

     "Reference Banks" means The Industrial Bank of Japan,
Limited, London Branch, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, London Branch, and The Bank of Tokyo, Ltd., London Branch.

     "Regular Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Related Amounts" means, with respect to the 1973 Sales
Contract (insofar as they relate to the Korean CarryOver
Quantities), the Chubu Sales Contract, Future Spot Sales, Future
Long Term Sales Contracts, Special Long Term Sales Contracts and
Special Spot Sales, as relevant, amounts payable to Pertamina
relating to such contracts or shipments of LNG thereunder that
are comparable to amounts described in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv)
and (v) in the definition of Gross Invoice Amount contained
herein.

     "Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in Article 1 of
the Trust Agreement.

     "Reserves" has the meaning set-forth in Section 2.6 hereof.

     "Responsible Officer of the Borrower" means the chairman and
vice chairman of the board of directors, the chairman of the
executive committee of the board of directors, the president, any
executive vice president, any senior vice president or any vice
president of Continental Bank International.

     "Second Contingent Support" means amounts from time to time
held in the Special Spot Contingent Support Accounts under the
Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement, which amounts are 100% of
(i) the gross invoice amount payable under any Special Spot
Sales, on a cargo by cargo basis, and received by the Bontang
Excess Sales Trustee under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement, less any relevant Permitted Amounts, plus (ii) any
relevant Related Amounts.

     "Second Contingent Support Period" means each of (i) the
period referred to in clause (ii) of the definition of First
Contingent Support Period contained herein and (ii) the periods
referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the definition of Third
Contingent Support contained herein.

     "Side Letter" means the Side Letter to the LNG Sales
Contract, dated March 19, 1987, from Pertamina to the Buyer, as
heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Source of Contingent Support" means any amounts payable
pursuant to a Contingent Support Agreement and any Related
Amounts relating thereto that will constitute Contingent Support
and, without duplication, any amounts payable pursuant to the
Bontang I Trust Agreement that will constitute Contingent
Support.

     "Source of Debt Service" means

     (I)  in respect of each amount payable to the Borrower for
LNG purchased, or for LNG required to be purchased but not taken,
under the LNG Sales Contract, or payable to the Borrower pursuant
to the Disputed Force Majeure Account Agreement, the Supply
Agreements or the Transportation Agreement or otherwise pursuant
to the LNG Sales Contract (without duplication), the portion, if
any, of the amount so payable equal to 50% of the Gross Invoice
Amount payable (i) under each invoice rendered with respect to
each cargo purchased, or in the case of LNG required to be
purchased but not taken under each invoice rendered with respect
to the same quantity not taken, and (ii) otherwise in respect of
each cargo, plus 50% of all indemnities and additional amounts
payable by the Buyer under the LNG Sales Contract, without any
reduction or set-off from any such amounts; provided, however,
that if the Borrower is authorized and requested by the Producers
(which authorization and request may be given pursuant to Section
1.16(b) of the Producers Agreement) to execute and deliver an
agreement providing for the amendment of this definition of
Source of Debt Service, and if the Tranche A Lender and the Agent
on behalf of the Tranche B Lenders also execute and deliver such
agreement, this definition of Source of Debt Service shall be
deemed amended for all purposes of this Agreement as set forth in
such agreement; and

     (II) in respect of any period the aggregate amount of the
Source of Debt Service payable during such period.

     "Special Long Term Sales Contracts" means Long Term Sales
Contracts entered into at any time during any Third Contingent
Support Period.

     "Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement" means any Special
Long Term Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement in form and
substance satisfactory to the Majority Lenders entered into prior
to the time the first payments are due from the buyer or buyers
under the related Special Long Term Sales Contract, which shall
provide for the trustee thereunder to receive amounts payable
under such Special Long Term Sales Contract and any relevant
Related Amounts and provide that, upon notice from Pertamina as
provided in section 1.18 hereof, amounts of Third Contingent
Support held pursuant thereto shall be payable to the Borrower
under the Trust Agreement.

     "Special Spot Contingent Support Accounts" has the meaning
set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement.

     "Special Spot Sales" means Spot Sales, the proceeds of which
are payable at any time during any Second Contingent Support
Period.

     "Spot Sale" means any sale made by Pertamina of a single
cargo of LNG to be supplied from the Bontang Plant.  Spot Sales
do not include any sales under the LNG Sales Contract, the Chubu
Sales Contract, the Korean Quantities Agreement, the Korean Sales
Contract, the 1981 LNG Sales Contract, the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract, any Long Term Sales Contract or the Invoice Settlement
Agreements.

     "Start-up" means the first date on which the Buyer is able
to receive and Pertamina is able to deliver LNG at the Receiving
Facilities on a continuing basis so as to be in a position to
perform their respective obligations to purchase and receive and
to sell and deliver LNG under the LNG Sales Contract.

     "Subordinated Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.4 hereof.

     "Supply Agreements" means:

     (i)  Supply Agreement for Badak III LNG Sales Contract,
dated October 19, 1987, by and between Pertamina, on the one
hand, and Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum,
Ltd., on the other hand, as heretofore and hereafter amended;

     (ii) Badak III LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement, dated
October 19, 1987, by and between Pertamina, on the one hand, and
Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited and
Universe Tankships, Inc., on the other hand, as heretofore and
hereafter amended; and

     (iii)     Supply Agreement for Badak III Sales Contract
(Attaka Field), dated October 19, 1987, by and between Pertamina,
on the one hand, and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia
Petroleum, Ltd., on the other hand, as heretofore and hereafter
amended.

     "Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, fees, assessments, deductions, withholdings or other
charges of whatsoever nature, that may now or hereafter be
imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction or any political
subdivision thereof or any taxing authority therein and all
interest, penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto.

     "Third Contingent Support" means amounts from time to time
held under all Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreements, which
amounts, with respect to each Special Long Term Sales Trust
Agreement, are such percentage of (i) the gross invoice amount
payable under the Special Long Term Sales Contract to which such
Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreement relates, on a cargo by
cargo basis, and received by the trustee under such Special Long
Term Sales Trust Agreement, less any relevant Permitted Amounts
plus (ii) any relevant Related Amounts, as shall result in an
initial Debt Coverage Ratio of 200% as of the date on which the
first payments are due from the buyer or buyers under such
Special Long Term Sales Contract, or if such percentage of such
amounts would exceed 100%, then (x) 100% of the amount payable,
on a cargo by cargo basis, and received by such trustee, less any
relevant Permitted Amounts plus (y) any relevant Related Amounts.

     "Third Contingent Support Period" means each of (i) if
Start-up does not occur on or before September 30, 1991, the
period commencing on October 1, 1991 and ending on the date of
Start-up, (ii) if the LNG Sales Contract is terminated or
repudiated (whether by notice or in fact) by the Buyer, the
period after such termination or repudiation and (iii) if any
Event of Force Majeure under Section 15.1 of the LNG Sales
Contract excuses performance by the Buyer thereunder for 42
consecutive months, the period commencing at the end of such
42-month period and continuing for so long as such performance by
the Buyer is excused as a result of such Event of Force Majeure.

     "Train E" means the additional gas liquefaction and
processing facility known as Train E and facilities related to or
used in connection therewith, to be completed in accordance with
the Development Plan.

     "Tranche" means Tranche A or Tranche B and "Tranches" means
Tranche A and Tranche B.

     "Tranche A" means Advances of the Tranche A Lender in an
aggregate maximum principal amount not exceeding $189,600,000.00.

     "Tranche A Lender" means Train-E Finance Co., Ltd. and its
successors and assigns hereunder.

     "Tranche A Note" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9
hereof.

     "Tranche B" means Advances of the Tranche B Lenders in an
aggregate maximum principal amount not exceeding $126,400,000.00.

     "Tranche B Lender" means each of the banks and other
financial institutions named under the caption "Tranche B
Lenders" on the signature pages hereof and their respective
successors and assigns.

     "Tranche B Note" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9
hereof.

     "Transportation Agreement" means the LNG Vessel Time Charter
Party Badak III (New Build) Hull No. 2011 dated as of May 1, 1987
among Cometco Shipping Inc., PT Humpuss and Pertamina, as
heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Trust Agreement" means the Bontang III Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement among Continental Bank International, as Trustee,
and the Producers, dated as of the date hereof, as hereafter
amended.

SECTION 2.  THE ADVANCES

     2.1  The Commitments.  Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Tranche A Lender
agrees to make Advances to the Borrower of Tranche A, and each
Tranche B Lender severally, and not jointly or jointly and
severally, agrees to make Advances to the Borrower of Tranche B,
in each case in Dollars through its Lending Office.  The Advances
shall be made by each Lender on the Borrowing Dates and in the
amounts provided for in Section 2.2 hereof, but in no event in an
amount that exceeds the aggregate amount of its Commitment;
provided that such Commitment has not theretofore been terminated
or canceled pursuant to Section 3.4(a) hereof or Section 3.7
hereof or otherwise.

     2.2  Manner of Borrowing.

          (a)  The Borrower shall give to each of the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent, in each case not later than noon, New York
time, on or prior to the eleventh Business Day preceding each
Borrowing Date, a Notice of Borrowing, in writing or by telex,
which shall be in accordance with the Drawdown Schedule; provided
that notice to the Tranche A Lender with respect to each
Borrowing Date shall be deemed timely if received by the Tranche
A Lender not later than noon Tokyo time on the date ten Business
Days preceding such Borrowing Date.  The amount to be drawn down
on any Borrowing Date shall be $1,000,000.00 or an integral
multiple thereof.  The total amount to be drawn down on any
Borrowing Date shall be apportioned 60% to the Tranche A Lender
and 40% to the Tranche B Lenders, and the amount apportioned to
the Tranche B Lenders shall be apportioned by the Agent on a pro
rata basis among the outstanding Commitments of the Tranche B
Lenders.  A Notice of Borrowing, once received by the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent, shall not be revocable by the Borrower.

          (b)  On or prior to the last day of the Availability
Period, the Borrower shall have the right to elect to borrow from
the Lenders on each relevant Borrowing Date, in addition to the
amounts set forth on the Drawdown Schedule, an amount equal to
(i) the amount of interest, fees, expenses, taxes and other
amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.7,
2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and 10.6 hereof, plus (ii) the difference
between such amount and the next highest amount that is
$1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple thereof.  Such election
shall be exercised by including the amount to be borrowed in the
Notice of Borrowing given pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof.  The
amount of such Borrowings shall thereafter be added to the
outstanding principal of the Advances and shall bear interest as
specified in Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 hereof.  Except
as provided in Section 3.7 hereof, no changes to the Drawdown
Schedule will be permitted, except changes that (i) are requested
in a written notice delivered to both the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent seeking an alteration of $1,000,000.00 or an integral
multiple of $1,000,000.00 in the Drawdown Schedule, (ii) do not
increase the amount of the Commitments and (iii) are approved in
writing by the Tranche A Lender (and notified to the Borrower and
the Agent).  If the Commitments shall be canceled in part, or
other such changes to the Drawdown Schedule are made, the Tranche
A Lender and the Agent shall promptly deliver to the Borrower a
revised Drawdown Schedule appropriately reflecting such changes. 
The Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent pursuant to Section 3.3(f) of the Trust Agreement a
notice either confirming that it agrees with the revised Drawdown
Schedule or indicating that it does not agree and specifying the
reasons therefor.  Upon confirmation by the Borrower that it
agrees with the revised Drawdown Schedule, such revised Drawdown
Schedule shall be effective.

          (c)  With respect to each Notice of Borrowing received
by the Tranche A Lender, upon and subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, before 1:00 p.m. New York time on
the Borrowing Date identified therein the Tranche A Lender shall
make available in Dollars to the Borrower to the account in New
York City specified with respect to Tranche A in such Notice of
Borrowing on such Borrowing Date the amount of funds requested of
the Tranche A Lender by the Borrower in such Notice of Borrowing
in same day settlement funds by credit of Federal or other
immediately available funds.

          (d)  Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Agent
shall forthwith notify each Tranche B Lender of the Borrowing
Date identified therein.  Before 11:00 a.m. New York time on such
Borrowing Date each Tranche B Lender will make available in
Dollars the amount of such Tranche B Lender's Advance to be made
on such Borrowing Date in same day settlement funds by credit of
Federal or other immediately available funds satisfactory to the
Agent to the account of the Agent (account no. 631-21-359) at
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York located at 23 Wall
Street, New York, New York 10005, U.S.A. for the account of the
Borrower or at such other office or bank in New York, New York or
elsewhere as the Agent may from time to time designate by telex
(to be confirmed by letter) to the Tranche B Lenders.  Upon and
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, before
1:00 p.m. New York time on such Borrowing Date the Agent shall
make available to the Borrower to the account in New York City as
shall have been specified with respect to Tranche B by the
Borrower in such Notice of Borrowing on such Borrowing Date the
funds made available to the Agent pursuant to the next preceding
sentence in the same funds as received by the Agent.

          (e) The failure of a Lender to make an Advance to be
made by it on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any
other Lender of its obligation to make its Advance hereunder on
such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of
any other Lender to make an Advance to be made by such other
Lender on the date specified therefor.  Unless the Agent shall
have been notified by a Tranche B Lender prior to a Borrowing
Date (which notice shall be effective only upon receipt) that
such Tranche B Lender does not intend to make available to it
such Tranche B Lender's Advance with respect to Tranche B to be
made on such date, the Agent may assume that such Tranche B
Lender has made such Tranche B Lender's Advance available to it
on such date, and the Agent may, in reliance upon such
assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding
amount.  If the Tranche B Lender's Advance is not in fact made
available to the Agent by such Tranche B Lender, the Agent shall
be entitled to recover such amount either on demand from such
Tranche B Lender or on demand and in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.9 hereof from the Borrower together with
interest thereon at a rate per annum representing the interest
cost to the Agent (as determined by the Agent using reasonable
efforts to minimize such cost) of funding the amount in question
until reimbursement thereof to the Agent; provided that to the
extent such amount is recovered from the Borrower, interest paid
thereon by the Borrower shall not exceed the rate or rates per
annum then applicable to the Advances made with respect to
Tranche B.

     2.3  Interest.  The Borrower shall pay interest on the
unpaid principal amount of all Advances outstanding from time to
time at the applicable interest rates determined in accordance
with Section 2.5 or 2.6 hereof, as the case may be, with respect
to each Interest Period.  Such interest payable with respect to
each Interest Period shall be paid on the Interest Payment Date
at the end of such Interest Period.  Interest on the Advances
shall be calculated from and including the relevant Borrowing
Date up to but not including the date of actual repayment and
shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days with respect
to Tranche A (other than any Overdue Tranche A Amounts and any
Deferred Portion thereof) and a year of 360 days with respect to
Tranche B (including any Deferred Portion thereof), any Deferred
Portion of Tranche A and any Overdue Tranche A Amounts, and shall
be payable in each case for the actual number of days elapsed.

     2.4  Election of Interest Periods for Tranche B. The
Borrower shall have the option to elect an Interest Period of
three months or six months to apply to the entire amount of the
Borrowings outstanding with respect to Tranche B for which an
Interest Period is then to be determined, except (i) for the
initial Interest Period referred to in clause (i) of the
definition of Interest Period; (ii) for each other Interest
Period during the Availability Period, each of which shall be a
three-month Interest Period; (iii) with respect to any amounts of
principal coming due in approximately three months, to which a
three-month Interest Period shall apply as provided in clause
(iv) of the definition of Interest Period; and (iv) with respect
to any Deferred Portion of such Tranche, to which a three-month
Interest Period shall apply.  Such option shall be exercised by
delivery to the Agent of a written or telexed Notice of Interest
Period and the Agent shall promptly notify the Tranche B Lenders
of the Interest Period so elected.  If a Notice of Interest
Period in respect of any Interest Period is not received by the
Agent at least five Business Days prior to the commencement of
such Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to have
elected an Interest Period of three months' duration.

     2.5  Interest Rates.

          (a)  The interest rate applicable to Tranche A (other
than any Overdue Tranche A Amounts and any Deferred Portion of
Tranche A) for each Interest Period shall be 11-1/2% per annum.

          (b)  On the date which is two days, during which banks
are open for dealings in interbank Dollar deposits in London,
prior to the commencement of each Interest Period, the Agent
shall fix the interest rate for the Advances with respect to
Tranche B and any Deferred Portion of Tranche A or Tranche B to
be outstanding with respect to and during such Interest Period at
the rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus
the London Interbank Offered Rate (the London Interbank Offered
Rate is referred to as "LIBOR").  LIBOR for each such Interest
Period shall be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the
nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the respective rates per annum at which
deposits in Dollars are offered to each of the Reference Banks in
the London interbank market as of approximately 11:00 a.m.,
London time, on such date for a period comparable to such
Interest Period and in an amount approximately equal to one-third
(1/3) of the aggregate amount of the Advances with respect to
Tranche B and any Deferred Portion of Tranche A or Tranche B to
be outstanding during such Interest Period.  The Agent, whose
determination shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest
error, shall determine the interest rate on the above basis as
soon as practicable thereafter, New York time.  If for any reason
no quotation is furnished by one or more of the Reference Banks
to the Agent, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the
basis of the quotations furnished by the remaining Reference
Banks or Reference Bank.

     2.6  Alternative Interest Rates.  If, on any date on which
an interest rate is to be fixed pursuant to Section 2.5(b)
hereof, (i) none of the Reference Banks is able to furnish a
quotation to the Agent for purposes of determining an interest
rate pursuant to Section 2.5(b) hereof or (ii) the Agent is
notified by all the Reference Banks that deposits in Dollars in
an amount equal to the amount of the applicable Advances and any
Deferred Portions, to which such Interest Period relates, during
such Interest Period are not being offered to the Reference Banks
in the London interbank market or (iii) the Agent is notified by
the Majority Tranche B Lenders, or the Tranche A Lender with
respect to any Deferred Portion of Tranche A with respect to
which the Tranche A Lender's cost of funding includes costs
associated with Reserves (as defined below), that the rates at
which Dollar deposits are being offered to the Reference Banks in
the London interbank market plus all costs associated with
reserves, special deposits, deposit insurance or similar
requirements to be maintained or paid in accordance with the
regulations or other requirements of the Federal Reserve System,
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other
department, agency or instrumentality of the United States of
America or any state thereof (collectively, "Reserves") in effect
on the date of this Agreement do not adequately reflect the cost
to the relevant Lenders of making or maintaining for the next
succeeding Interest Period their respective Advances with respect
to Tranche B, any Deferred Portion of Tranche B and any Deferred
Portion of Tranche A with respect to which the Tranche A Lender's
cost of funding includes costs associated with Reserves, then the
Agent shall promptly give notice of such fact to the Borrower and
the relevant Lenders.  During the 30 days next succeeding the
giving of such notice, the Borrower and the relevant Lenders
shall negotiate in good faith in order to arrive at a mutually
satisfactory interest rate which shall be applicable to such
Advances and Deferred Portions to be outstanding during such
Interest Period instead of LIBOR.  If within such 30-day period
the Borrower and the relevant Lenders agree in writing upon an
alternative interest rate, such rate shall be substituted for
LIBOR and shall be effective with respect to the relevant amounts
from the commencement of such Interest Period.  The Borrower
shall pay to the relevant Lenders interest on such Advances and
Deferred Portions calculated based upon such alternative interest
rate plus the Applicable Margin during such Interest Period.  If
the Borrower and the relevant Lenders fail to agree upon such an
alternative interest rate within such 30-day period, the interest
rate during such Interest Period, applicable to each relevant
Tranche B Lender's Advance and each relevant Lender's Deferred
Portion and effective from the commencement of such Interest
Period shall be such rate as such Lender shall determine (in a
certificate delivered by such Lender to the Agent setting forth
the basis of the computation of such rate, which certificate
shall in the absence of manifest error be conclusive and binding
on the Borrower) to be necessary to compensate each such Lender
for its actual out-of-pocket cost, and costs associated with such
Reserves (determined in good faith using reasonable efforts to
minimize the interest cost to the Borrower, rounded upward, if
necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1% and disregarding for such
purposes all costs of Reserves in effect on the date of this
Agreement), as of the commencement of such Interest Period, of
funds for such Interest Period in an amount equal to the
aggregate principal amount of each relevant Tranche B Lender's
Advances and each relevant Lender's Deferred Portion to which
such Interest Period relates plus the Applicable Margin.  The
Agent shall notify the Borrower of such determination as promptly
as practicable.  After the Agent shall have notified the Borrower
of such determination and during the period such interest rate
continues to be applicable, the Borrower may elect to prepay any
one or more of the relevant Tranche B Notes or the Deferred
Portion of the Tranche A Note without premium or penalty (except
as provided in Sections 2.7(c) hereof) in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.5 hereof.

     2.7  Interest Rate on Overdue Amounts; Other Indemnities.

          (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on overdue
principal of the Tranche A Note or any Tranche B Note and, so far
as may be lawful, on any other overdue amount owing pursuant to
this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, from and
including, the date the payment thereof was due to, but not
including, the day of actual payment, at a rate per annum which
shall be 2% over the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to
the nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the respective rates at which deposits
in Dollars with maturities of longer than six days and shorter
than six months, as the Agent may elect, are offered to each of
the Reference Banks in the London interbank market as of
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the day such rate of
interest is determined in an amount equal to the aggregate amount
of such overdue payment due to the Lenders.  If for any of the
reasons specified in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.6
hereof an alternative interest rate would be determined pursuant
thereto, then such alternative interest rate shall be determined
and the Borrower shall pay to the relevant Lenders interest on
such overdue principal or other amounts at a rate per annum that
shall be 2% over such alternative interest rate without the
addition of the Applicable Margin.

          (b)  To the extent permitted by applicable law, without
prejudice to the other rights of the Tranche A Lender under
Sections 2.7(a), 2.7(c) and 10.6(b) hereof, the Borrower shall
promptly pay to the Tranche A Lender in the event of any
prepayment of any Advance, or any Event of Default resulting in
acceleration, an amount in each case calculated in accordance
with the following formula:

     The amount due from the Borrower shall be X.

     X =  X1 + the Dollar equivalent determined by the

          Tranche A Lender of X2

     X1 = NPV1 of     E  (P1 x 1/4 x e1)
     X2 = NPV2 of     E  (P2 x 1/4 x e2)

NPV1 means     the net present value determined by the Tranche A
               Lender by discounting the relevant amount of
               interest for the periods from and including the
               date of prepayment or acceleration, as the case
               may be, to the date the relevant amount of
               interest was originally scheduled to be due
               pursuant to this Agreement (the "Periods"),
               utilizing a discount rate per annum equal to the
               effective yield to maturity on United States
               Treasury securities purchasable on the date of
               prepayment or acceleration, as the case may be,
               and with maturities comparable to the relevant
               Periods (but adjusting such yield from a
               semi-annual to a quarterly basis) (such yield so
               determined = a%).

P1 means  each portion of the amount prepaid or accelerated, as
          the case may be, which would have been outstanding
          during the relevant Period had no such prepayment or
          acceleration occurred.

e1 means  the excess of 11-1/2% over a% (other than those
          intended to be covered by the provisions of Section
          2.7(b) hereof).

NPV2 means     the net present value determined by the Tranche A
               Lender by discounting the relevant amounts of
               interest for the relevant Periods, utilizing a
               discount rate per annum equal to the effective
               yield to maturity on Japanese government bonds
               purchasable on the date of prepayment or
               acceleration, as the case may be, and with
               maturities comparable to the relevant Periods (but
               adjusting such yield to a quarterly basis).

P2 means  an amount in Japanese yen determined by the Tranche A
          Lender to be equivalent to P1 and calculated using the
          weighted average rates of exchange used for conversion
          of Japanese yen into Dollars for each Advance.

e2 means  the excess of b% over 4.6%.

b% means  the Japanese long term prime rate per annum prevailing
          on the date of prepayment or acceleration, as the case
          may be, plus 0.5%.

          (c)  To the extent permitted by applicable law, without
prejudice to the other rights of the Lenders under Sections
2.7(a), 2.7(b) and 10.6(b) hereof, the Borrower shall indemnify,
without duplication, each such Lender against, hold each such
Lender harmless from and promptly pay to the Tranche A Lender or
the Agent on behalf of each Tranche B Lender, as the case may be,
all out-of-pocket costs, losses (excluding loss of profit) or
expenses which each such Lender may sustain or incur (other than
the items to be indemnified for as contemplated by the provisions
of Section 2.7(b) hereof) as a consequence of (i) any prepayment
of any Advance with respect to Tranche B (including any Deferred
Portion thereof) or any Deferred Portion of Tranche A or (ii) the
failure by the Borrower to pay when due the principal of or
interest on any Note or any other amount payable under this
Agreement or the Letter Agreement, including but not limited to
funding costs and any amounts payable by such Lender in order to
maintain its Advances with respect to Tranche B (including any
Deferred Portion thereof), and any Deferred Portion of Tranche A
(until the end of the relevant Interest Period in the event of
prepayment or until payment of all amounts then due by
acceleration or otherwise in the event of a failure to pay), but
excluding any such costs, losses or expenses resulting from
prepayment on an Interest Payment Date of amounts for which an
Interest Period ends on such Interest Payment Date as permitted
in accordance with Section 3.6 hereof.  In each case involving a
prepayment (other than a prepayment under Section 3.6 hereof for
which no costs, losses or expenses are payable), each Lender
shall act in good faith and use reasonable efforts to minimize
the costs, losses and expenses payable by the Borrower hereunder.

          (d)  A certificate of any Lender setting forth in
reasonable detail the basis for the determination of the amounts
necessary to indemnify such Lender pursuant to Section 2.7(b) or
(c) shall be conclusive as to the determination of such amounts
in the absence of manifest error.

     2.8  Fees.

          (a)  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay a non-refundable
management fee in the amount specified in and otherwise in
accordance with the letter agreement between the Borrower and the
Lead Managers of even date herewith (the "Management Fee Letter
Agreement").  The allocation of such fee shall not be the
responsibility of the Borrower or the Producers.

          (b)  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay a non-refundable
agency fee in the amount specified in and otherwise in accordance
with the agency fee letter agreement between the Borrower and the
Agent of even date herewith (the "Agency Fee Letter Agreement"
and, collectively with the Management Fee Letter Agreement, the
"Letter Agreement").

          (c)  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the
account of each Tranche B Lender a commitment fee at the rate of
1/4 of 1% per annum on the daily undrawn amount of such Tranche B
Lender's Commitment during the period from and including the
Effective Date to and including the last day of the Availability
Period.  Such fee will be calculated on an estimated basis on the
first day of each Interest Period in accordance with the undrawn
amount of such Tranche B Lender's Commitment on that day and
amounts in respect thereof shall be accumulated for payment and
paid in accordance with Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust
Agreement, subject to adjustment when any Advance is made
hereunder.  Such commitment fee shall be calculated on the basis
of the actual number of days elapsed and a 360-day year and shall
be paid, in accordance with Section 3.2 hereof, initially on the
first March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 to occur
within three months after the Effective Date and thereafter
quarterly in arrears, with the final payment on the Interest
Payment Date on or immediately following the last day of the
Availability Period.

     2.9  The Notes.  The Tranche A Lender's Advances shall be
evidenced by a single promissory note of the Borrower (the
"Tranche A Note"), substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1
hereto, and each Tranche B Lender's Advances shall be evidenced
by a single promissory note of the Borrower (a "Tranche B Note"),
substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto, each payable to
the order of such Lender for the account of its Lending Office in
an amount equal to such Lender's Commitment or, if less, the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender's Advances. 
Each Note shall be dated the date of its delivery pursuant to
Section 5.1 hereof, shall have the blanks therein appropriately
completed, and shall bear interest as specified in Sections 2.3,
2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 hereof.  Each Lender shall, and is hereby
irrevocably authorized by the Borrower to, endorse on the
schedule attached to its Note or on a continuation of such
schedule attached to and made a part of such Note an appropriate
notation evidencing the date and amount of each Advance made by
such Lender and the date and amount of each payment, prepayment
or deferral of principal made by the Borrower with respect
thereto.  The failure so to record any such amount or any error
in so recording any such amount shall not, however, limit or
otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or
under any of the Notes to repay the principal amount of all
Advances thereunder together with all interest accruing thereon.

     2.10 Repayment on Maturity Dates; Deferral.

          (a)  Subject to Section 2.10(b), on each Maturity Date
the Borrower shall repay with respect to each Tranche, as
provided in Section 3.1 hereof, an amount of principal equal to
the percentage of the principal amount of such Tranche
outstanding at the end of the Availability Period set forth
immediately below; provided that on the Final Maturity Date the
Borrower shall repay in full the amount of the aggregate Advances
of both Tranches  then outstanding.

                         Percentage of
Maturity Date            Advance Payable

1st to 14th                   2.0% each
15th to 26th                  2.5% each
27th to 40th                  3.0% each

          (b)  If after application of amounts to the payment of
interest and other amounts payable with respect to both Trenches
on any Maturity Date other than the Final Maturity Date, the
aggregate of the amounts held in the Debt Service Account and the
Reserve Account will be insufficient on such Maturity Date to pay
all or a portion of the principal payable on such Maturity Date
with respect to both Tranches, then the Borrower may elect (by
giving not later than noon New York time on or prior to the
seventh Business Day preceding such Maturity Date a Notice of
Deferral to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent, who shall
promptly notify the Tranche B Lenders thereof; provided that
notice to the Tranche A Lender with respect to such Maturity Date
shall be deemed timely if received by the Tranche A Lender not
later than noon Tokyo time on the date six Business Days
preceding such Maturity Date) to defer to the next succeeding
Maturity Date payment of the amount of principal for which such
funds will be insufficient (pro rata for the account of each
Lender to the unpaid principal amount of the Notes) (such amount
referred to as the "Deferred Portion"), subject to the following
being true on the Maturity Date on which such insufficiency
exists:

          (i)  The Borrower shall not have previously deferred
payments of any principal in accordance with this Section 2.10(b)
either (x) on the four consecutive Maturity Dates immediately
preceding such Maturity Date or (y) on a total of 15 previous
Maturity Dates, whether or not consecutive;

          (ii) The LNG Sales Contract shall be in full force and
effect;

          (iii)     No material breach or default under the LNG
Sales Contract shall exist and no notice of incipient material
breach or default shall have been given by either party thereto;

          (iv) No authorization or approval required for the
continued validity and enforceability of the LNG Sales Contract
shall have been revoked or suspended; and

          (v)  No Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or would occur with the giving of notice or the lapse
of time.

     2.11 Notices.  The Tranche A Lender or the Agent, as
appropriate with respect to the Tranche A Note and the Tranche B
Notes, respectively, shall promptly give the Borrower, and the
Agent shall promptly give the Tranche A Lender or the Tranche B
Lenders or each of them, as appropriate, with respect to their
Notes (i) notice of each interest rate (or interest rates)
determined pursuant to Sections 2.5, 2.6 or 2.7 hereof, the date
of each of the next Interest Payment Dates with respect to which
the interest payable is then calculable, the date of the next
Maturity Date and the amount of principal interest on the
relevant Tranche, as the case may be, the amount of commitment
fees estimated in accordance with Section 2.8(c) hereof to be
paid to the Tranche B Lenders on each of such dates and the
amount of the fee referred to in Section 2.8(b) hereof, (ii) as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, notice of other relevant
amounts due and payable hereunder, and (iii) the notices to the
Borrower by the Tranche A Lender or the Agent or both that
Section 3.2(b) of the Trust Agreement requires this Agreement to
provide for.  The Tranche A Lender or the Agent, as appropriate,
shall provide the foregoing information to the Borrower at the
time and in the manner specified in Section 3.2(b) of the Trust
Agreement; provided that no failure or delay in the giving of
such notice shall discharge or excuse the Borrower from or permit
the Borrower to delay making any payment hereunder.

SECTION 3.  PAYMENTS

     3.1  Allocation of Amounts; Substitute Payment.

          (a)  Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all
payments by the Borrower to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent
for the account of the Tranche B Lenders shall be allocated as
provided for in Section 3.3 of the Trust Agreement.  All payments
by the Borrower of commitment fees shall be made to the Agent for
the account of the Tranche B Lenders, pro rata to their
respective Commitments.  All payments referred to in this Section
3.1 which are received by the Agent in the manner provided in
Section 3.2 hereof shall be deemed to have been made to the
Tranche B Lenders, and such payments to the Agent shall discharge
the Borrower from any further liability to make such payments to
such Tranche B Lenders.

          (b)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement or in any Note, but subject always to the
provisions of Section 9 hereof, if the Agent shall have notified
the Borrower that it shall have become unlawful or, in the
opinion of the Agent, impracticable for any payment to be made as
aforesaid, the Borrower shall pay to each Tranche B Lender for
its own account in such funds as are required by Section 3.2
hereof or in such other manner as may be agreed between the
Borrower and the relevant Tranche B Lender and to such account as
may be specified by the relevant Tranche B Lender to the
Borrower, the amount of the relevant Tranche B Lender's portion
of the payment in question.  Each such Tranche B Lender shall
keep the Agent fully informed as to all amounts received by it
and as to all agreements made between it and the Borrower as
referred to above.

     3.2  Funds of Payment.

          (a)  Each payment made by the Borrower under this
Agreement with respect to Tranche A or under the Tranche A Note
shall be made in Dollars and in same day settlement funds by
credit of Federal or other immediately available funds
satisfactory to the Tranche A Lender (or such funds as may from
time to time be customary for the settlement in New York City of
international banking transactions in Dollars) not later than
10:00 a.m. Tokyo time on the Japanese Business Day immediately
following the day on which such payment is due to, as applicable,
the account of the Tranche A Lender in Tokyo, Japan (Account No.
228-02-01-041735005) at The Industrial Bank of Japan, Limited,
Head Office, or to such other account of the Tranche A Lender in
Tokyo, Japan as the Tranche A Lender may at any time or from time
to time designate by written notice to the Borrower, and payment
in such manner shall fully discharge the Borrower's obligations
with respect to the amount paid.

          (b)  Each payment made by the Borrower under this
Agreement with respect to Tranche B, the Tranche B Notes and the
Letter Agreement shall be made in Dollars and in same day
settlement funds by credit of Federal or other immediately
available funds satisfactory to the Agent (or such funds as may
from time to time be customary for the settlement in New York
City of transactions in Dollars) not later than 11:00 a.m. New
York time on the Business Day on which such payment is due by
credit to the account of the Agent (Account No. 631-21-359) at
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, 23 Wall Street, New
York, New York 10005 U.S.A. or to such other account of the Agent
as the Agent may at any time or from time to time designate by
written notice to the Borrower.  The Agent will promptly cause
each such payment received by it to be distributed to each
Tranche B Lender (in each case for the account of such Tranche B
Lender's Lending Office) in like funds with respect to each
payment received by such Agent for the account of such Tranche B
Lenders or the holders of the Tranche B Notes.

     (c)  Whenever any payment hereunder or under any Note falls
due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date for such
payment shall be advanced to the next succeeding Business Day,
unless the next succeeding Business Day falls in another calendar
month, in which case such payment shall be advanced to the
immediately preceding Business Day.

     3.3  Set-Off, Counterclaim and Taxes.  The Borrower will (i)
pay all amounts of principal of and interest on the Notes and all
other amounts payable under this Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement ("Payments") without set-off or counterclaim,
and, to the extent permitted by law, free and clear of, and
without deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes,
and (ii) pay to, indemnify for and hold each of the Lenders
harmless from and against any Taxes which are stamp or like taxes
imposed directly or indirectly with respect to the preparation,
execution, delivery, registration, filing or recording of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Producers Agreement, the Trust
Agreement, the Letter Agreement or any document connected
herewith or therewith and any Taxes which are imposed directly or
indirectly on any Lender or the Agent, with respect to this
Agreement, the Notes, the Producers Agreement, the Trust
Agreement, the Letter Agreement, any document connected herewith
or therewith or the transactions contemplated by any of the
foregoing documents or any Payments.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the provisions of the first sentence of this Section
3.3 shall not require the Borrower to pay any Excluded Taxes.  If
any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) are required by law to be
deducted or withheld from any Payment, the Borrower will increase
the amount of such Payment to the Tranche A Lender or the Agent
or both, and the Tranche B Lenders through the Agent, to the
extent necessary in order that the net amount received by the
Tranche A Lender and Agent, and the Tranche B Lenders through the
Agent, after deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted or
withheld with respect to such Payment as so increased and any
other Taxes payable by the Lenders with respect to the amount of
such increase, will equal the full amount of the Payment due and
payable to the relevant Lender or Lenders.  The Borrower will
furnish to each Lender, in such number of copies as such Lender
shall request, certified copies of tax receipts or other
appropriate evidence of payment, satisfactory to such Lender,
evidencing the payment of all Taxes levied or imposed upon any
Payment within 45 days after the date any such payment is due
pursuant to applicable law.  If any Taxes (other than Excluded
Taxes) are imposed on or with respect to any Payment or are
required to be paid by the Tranche A Lender, the Agent or any
Tranche B Lender on or with respect to any Payment or in
connection with this Agreement or the Notes, the Borrower will
pay or otherwise indemnify and hold the Tranche A Lender, the
Agent and each Tranche B Lender harmless from any such Taxes or
will reimburse to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and each
Tranche B Lender on demand, subject to the provisions of Section
3.9 hereof, such amounts as may be necessary in order that the
net amount received by the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and each
Tranche B Lender pursuant to such indemnity or reimbursement,
after deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted, withheld or
otherwise paid by the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and the Tranche
B Lenders with respect to such amount, shall equal the amount of
such Taxes so imposed or otherwise subject to indemnity and
reimbursement.

     If a Lender shall receive a refund of any Taxes paid by the
Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.3 by reason of the fact that
such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the Lender
shall within 45 days after receipt of such refund pay to the
Borrower the amount of such refund, as determined solely by the
Lender; provided, however, that in no event shall the amount paid
by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to this sentence exceed
the amount of Taxes originally paid by the Borrower; and further
provided that no Lender shall have any obligation under this
Agreement to claim or otherwise seek to obtain any such refund.

     3.4  Change of Law.

          (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Agreement to the contrary, if any change in any applicable law,
rule or regulation or in the interpretation or administration
thereof by any governmental authority charged with the
interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any
Tranche B Lender (or its Lending Office) with any new request,
interpretation or directive of any relevant central bank or other
governmental authority, shall make it unlawful for any Tranche B
Lender (or its Lending Office) to (i) maintain its Commitment,
then such Commitment of such Tranche B Lender shall thereupon
terminate, or (ii) maintain or fund its Advances, then such
Commitment of such Tranche B Lender shall thereupon terminate,
and the principal amount of such Tranche B Lender's Note then
outstanding shall be repaid, together with interest accrued
thereon and any other amounts payable to such Tranche B Lender
under this Agreement, such Tranche B Lender's Note or the Letter
Agreement, commencing immediately as an accelerated mandatory
prepayment in accordance with Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust
Agreement; provided, however, that all such amounts shall be paid
on or prior to the Final Maturity Date.  Upon the occurrence of
any such change or request making it unlawful for a Tranche B
Lender to maintain its Commitment as aforesaid, such Tranche B
Lender shall promptly forward to the Agent in writing, and the
Agent shall promptly forward to the Borrower, evidence certified
by such Tranche B Lender as to such change or request.

          (b)  If any change in any applicable law, rule or
regulation or in the interpretation or administration thereof, or
compliance, by any Tranche B Lender or by the Tranche A Lender
with respect to any Deferred Portion or any Overdue Tranche A
Amounts, with any new request (whether or not having the force of
law) of any relevant central bank or other governmental
authority, shall change the basis of taxation of payments to any
such Lender (or its Lending Office) of the principal of or
interest on any of the Notes or any other amounts payable under
this Agreement or the Letter Agreement (except for Excluded
Taxes) or shall impose, modify or deem applicable any similar new
requirement in respect of Reserves against assets of, deposits
with or for the account of, or credit extended by, or the
Commitment of, any such Lender (or its Lending Office) (except
for Reserves in effect on the date of this Agreement), or shall
impose on any such Lender (or its Lending Office) or the London
interbank market any other new condition directly affecting this
Agreement, any of the Notes, the Letter Agreement or the Advances
and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to
any Tranche B Lender of maintaining its Commitment or making or
maintaining its Advances, to increase the cost to the Tranche A
Lender of maintaining any Deferred Portion of its Advances or any
Overdue Tranche A Amounts, or to reduce the amount of any such
amount received or receivable by any such Lender (or its Lending
Office) hereunder, by an amount deemed by such Lender to be
material, then the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for
such additional cost or reduction.  Such additional amount or
amounts shall, subject to Section 3.9 hereof, be paid on the
Interest Payment Date for the Interest Period to which such costs
relate.  Each Lender agrees that it will promptly notify the
Borrower of any event which will entitle such Lender to an
additional amount pursuant to this Section 3.4(b). A certificate
of such Lender setting forth the basis in reasonable detail for
the determination of such additional amount necessary to
compensate such Lender as aforesaid shall be conclusive as to the
determination of such amount in the absence of manifest error. 
After the receipt of any notice from any Lender indicating that
such Lender is entitled to an additional amount pursuant to this
Section 3.4(b), the Borrower may elect to prepay the relevant
Tranche B Note of such Lender or the Deferred Portion of the
Tranche A Note without premium or penalty (except as provided in
Section 2.7(c) hereof) in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.5 hereof; provided that any such prepayment may be made
only if the amounts set forth in the certificate described in the
preceding sentence are paid by the Borrower prior to or
simultaneously with such prepayment.

          (c)  Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of
any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.4(a) or (b)
hereof with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the
Borrower, and in consultation with the Agent, use reasonable
efforts to designate another Lending Office for its Commitment or
its Advances; provided that such designation is made on such
terms that such Lender and its Lending Office suffer no economic,
legal or regulatory disadvantage, with the object of avoiding the
consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of Section
3.4(a) or (b) hereof.  Nothing in this Section 3.4(c) shall
affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the
rights of the Lenders provided in Section 3.4(a) or (b) hereof.

     3.5  Certain Prepayments.  Whenever the Borrower has elected
to prepay any relevant Note or Notes or any Deferred Portion
thereof pursuant to Section 2.6 or 3.4(b) hereof, the Borrower
shall give the Tranche A Lender and the Agent notice of such
prepayment at least five Business Days in advance thereof
(provided that such notice to the Tranche A Lender shall be
deemed timely if received by the Tranche A Lender in Tokyo at
least four Business Days in advance thereof), and on the date
specified in such notice (which shall be a Business Day and a
single date) the principal then outstanding of the affected Note
or Notes (or, in the case of the Tranche A Note, only the
Deferred Portion thereof) shall be repaid in full, together with
interest accrued thereon and, to the extent then ascertainable,
any other amount (other than non-deferred principal of the
Tranche A Note) payable under this Agreement to the Lender or
Lenders holding such Note or Notes.  Any notice of prepayment
under this Section 3.5 hereof shall be irrevocable.

     3.6  Other Prepayments.  Subject to the prior written
consent of the Tranche A Lender, the Borrower may, upon not less
than eleven Business Days' irrevocable prior notice to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent (provided that such notice to the
Tranche A Lender shall be deemed timely if received by the
Tranche A Lender in Tokyo at least ten Business Days prior to
prepayment), prepay the Notes in whole or in part on a pro rata
basis (based on outstanding principal amount) on any Interest
Payment Date for the Notes being prepaid, and if in part in an
amount which is equal to $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000.00. Whenever the Borrower seeks such consent, the
Borrower shall give the Agent written notice thereof at the same
time it gives notice to the Tranche A Lender with respect
thereto.  Each partial prepayment of any Notes made pursuant to
this Section 3.6 shall be applied to the installments of
principal due thereunder in the inverse order of maturity. 
Except as provided in Sections 2.7(b) and (c) hereof, such
prepayments shall be without premium or penalty; provided that
the right to prepay without premium or penalty shall not apply to
any amounts declared forthwith due and payable in accordance with
Section 7 hereof.  All prepayments permitted pursuant to this
Section 3.6 shall be made together with payment of accrued
interest on the principal amount prepaid, and, to the extent then
ascertainable, any other amount payable under this Agreement or
the Notes.

     3.7  Cancellation of Commitments.  The Borrower may without
premium or penalty (a) upon not less than 30 days' irrevocable
prior notice to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent, cancel the
Commitments of the Lenders in whole or in part, and if in part in
an aggregate amount of  $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple of
$1,000,000.00, by reducing amounts to be drawn down pursuant to
the Drawdown Schedule in inverse order, all such cancellations to
be on a pro rata basis as among the Lenders based on their
respective Commitments, or (b) upon not less than five Business
Days' irrevocable prior notice to the Agent, cancel the
Commitment of any Lender whose Note is prepaid in accordance with
the provisions of Section 3.5 hereof.

     3.8  No Reborrowing. The Commitments are not revolving in
nature, and no amount repaid or prepaid under this Agreement may
be reborrowed hereunder.

     3.9  Payments to be Made at End of Interest Period.  Except
for amounts owing pursuant to Sections 3.4(a), 7 and 10.6 hereof
which become payable as provided in such Sections, and
notwithstanding any provision of any Section other than Sections
3.4(a), 7 and 10.6 hereof to the contrary, in view of the nature
of the Borrower and the nature of the Source of Debt Service and
Contingent Support from which payments hereunder will be made,
all amounts becoming payable hereunder, which would otherwise be
due on a date which does not fall on an Interest Payment Date
instead shall be due on the Interest Payment Date next to occur
thereafter and prior to which the Borrower is notified that such
amount is payable, subject in each such case to the relevant
provisions of Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement;
provided, however, that all amounts due and payable under this
Agreement and the Notes shall be paid on or prior to the Final
Maturity Date.

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER

     The Borrower and, only to the extent expressly stated to be
in its individual capacity, Continental Bank International,
represent and warrant to the Lenders that:

     4.1  Power and Authority.  The Borrower has full power,
authority and legal right to incur the Indebtedness and other
obligations provided for in this Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement, to execute and deliver this Agreement, the
Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter Agreement and the other
documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein to which the
Borrower is a party, to borrow, pay and repay hereunder and under
the Notes and the Letter Agreement and to perform and observe the
terms and provisions hereof and thereof.  Continental Bank
International, in its individual capacity, is a banking
corporation duly organized and validly existing in good standing
under the laws of the United States of America and has the full
power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform
this Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter
Agreement as Trustee.

     4.2  Legal Action.  All necessary legal action has been
taken to authorize the Borrower (i) to execute and deliver this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement
and the other documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein
to which the Borrower is a party, (ii) to borrow, pay and repay
hereunder and under the Notes and the Letter Agreement and (iii)
to perform and observe the terms and provisions of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter
Agreement.

     4.3  Restrictions.  There is no Legal Requirement and no
contractual or other obligation binding on the Borrower or
Continental Bank International in its individual capacity, that
is or will be contravened (or, in the case of a contractual
obligation, in respect of which a breach has occurred or will
occur) by reason of the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement or any of
the other documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein to
which the Borrower is a party, the making of Borrowings by the
Borrower hereunder or the performance or observance by the
Borrower of any of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof in
each case in the manner contemplated hereby and thereby.

     4.4  Registration and Approvals.  No registrations,
declarations or filings with, or consents, licenses, approvals or
authorizations of, any legislative body, governmental department
or governmental authority necessary under any applicable laws are
required of the Borrower or Continental Bank International in its
individual capacity for the due execution and delivery by the
Borrower, or for the performance by the Borrower, of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement
or any of the other documents contemplated hereby or referred to
herein to which the Borrower is a party, or to authorize the
Borrowings hereunder or to assure the validity or enforceability
hereof or thereof, except in each case for those as have been
made or obtained and copies of which have been furnished to the
Tranche A Lender and the Agent and which are in full force and
effect.

     4.5  Agreement Binding.  This Agreement, the Trust Agreement
and the Letter Agreement constitute, and the Notes when executed
and delivered pursuant hereto for value will constitute, the
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable
against the Borrower to the extent specified in Section 9 hereof
in accordance with its and their respective terms, subject in the
case of enforcement to any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors' rights generally and to equitable principles of
general application.

     4.6  Ranking of Advances; Encumbrances.  The Borrower has no
outstanding Indebtedness charging or to be paid out of the Source
of Debt Service, Source of Contingent Support, Contingent Support
or Borrowed Amounts other than the obligations and liabilities of
the Borrower hereunder and under the Notes and the Letter
Agreement and any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.4 hereof. 
The Borrower has not created, incurred or suffered to exist (i)
any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt Service, Source of
Contingent Support or any Contingent Support, in each case
received or receivable by it prior to its deposit in the Bontang
III Payment Account, or (ii) any Encumbrance on any Borrowed
Amounts, in each case under clause (i) or (ii) resulting from any
act of the Borrower or any failure by the Borrower to perform any
of its obligations under this Agreement or the Trust Agreement or
any of its duties thereunder, except any Encumbrance permitted
pursuant to Section 6.2 hereof.

     4.7  Litigation.  There is no suit, action, proceeding or
investigation pending against the Borrower or, to the knowledge
of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower, which (a)
questions the validity of this Agreement, any Note, the Trust
Agreement or the Letter Agreement, or any action taken or to be
taken by the Borrower pursuant hereto or thereto, (b) affects or
is likely to affect the amount of the Source of Debt Service or
Contingent Support received by it or to the best of the
Borrower's knowledge, receivable by it, or (c) would or is likely
to affect adversely the Borrower's ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement
or the Letter Agreement or any other agreement to which it is a
party or by which it or its properties or assets is bound.

     4.8  Compliance With Other Instruments, etc.  Continental
Bank International in its individual capacity is not in violation
of any term of its charter or by-laws.  The Borrower is not in
violation of any term of any agreement or any instrument to which
it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets
is bound or of any Legal Requirement, which violation would or is
likely to have an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the
Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement or any other agreement to
which it is a party or by which it or its property or assets are
bound.

     4.9  No Defaults.  No Event of Default referred to in
Sections 7(a) through 7(e) hereof has occurred and is continuing
and no event has occurred or failed to occur, the occurrence or
non-occurrence of which, with the giving of notice or lapse of
time or both, would constitute such an Event of Default, and the
Borrower is not in violation of any of its obligations under the
Trust Agreement.

     4.10 Trust Agreement.  The copy of the Trust Agreement
delivered to the Lenders on the Effective Date is a true,
complete and correct copy thereof as in effect on the Effective
Date.

SECTION 5.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

     5.1  Conditions Precedent to the Initial Advances.  Except
as the Majority Lenders may otherwise consent, the obligation of
each Lender to make the initial Advance to be made by such Lender
hereunder is subject to the condition precedent that the Tranche
A Lender and the Agent shall have one Business Day prior to the
date of the initial Advance received the following, all in form
and, as to Sections 5.1(a) to (p) inclusive and 5.1(r) and (s)
hereof and as to the Indonesian governmental authorizations and
consents referred to in Section 5.1(t) hereof, in substance
satisfactory to the Lenders:

          (a)  in the case of the Tranche A Lender only, the
Tranche A Note payable to the order of the Tranche A Lender
complying with the requirements of Section 2.9 hereof;

          (b)  in the case of the Agent only, a Tranche B Note
payable to the order of each Tranche B Lender complying with the
requirements of Section 2.9 hereof;

          (c)  a signed copy of an opinion of Kelley Drye &
Warren, counsel to the Borrower and the trustees under the
Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement and the Bontang I Trust
Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 hereto, dated
one Business Day prior to the date of such Advance;

          (d)  a signed copy of an opinion of in-house counsel to
the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 hereto,
dated one Business Day prior to the date of such Advance;

          (e)  a signed copy of an opinion of the Special Legal
Advisor to the President Director of Pertamina, substantially in
the form of Exhibit E-1 hereto, dated at least one but not more
than five Business Days prior to the date of such Advance;

          (f)  a signed copy of an opinion of Baker & Botts,
special counsel to Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Huffington
Corporation, Virginia International Company, Virginia Indonesia
Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, and Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2
hereto, dated one Business Day prior to the date of such Advance;

          (g)  a signed copy of an opinion of White & Case,
special New York counsel to Pertamina, substantially in the form
of Exhibit E-3 hereto, dated one Business Day prior to the date
of such Advance;

          (h)  signed copies of opinions of counsel for each of
the Producers other than Pertamina, dated at least one but not
more than five Business Days prior to the date of such Advance;

          (i)  a signed copy of an opinion of Paul, Weiss,
Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, special counsel to the Tranche A
Lender, the Agent and the Tranche B Lenders, substantially in the
form of Exhibit F-I hereto, dated one Business Day prior to the
date of such Advance;

          (j)  a signed copy of an opinion of Tsar & Tsai,
special Taiwan counsel to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and the
Tranche B Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2
hereto, dated one Business Day prior to the date of such Advance;

          (k)  a signed copy of an opinion of Johnson, Stokes &
Master, special counsel to the Tranche A Lender, the Agent and
the Tranche B Lenders, dated one Business Day prior to the date
of such Advance;

          (l)  a copy of the Trust Agreement with all amendments
to the date of the initial Advance certified by the Borrower;

          (m)  a copy of a notice from the Producers to the
Borrower that they have approved the form and terms of this
Agreement and authorizing and requesting the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Borrower as contemplated by
Section 3.1 of the Trust Agreement;

          (n)  copies of the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement
and the Bontang I Trust Agreement, in each case with all
amendments to the date of such Advance certified by the trustees
party thereto;

          (o)  a copy of the executed and delivered Construction
Agreement with all amendments to the date of such Advance
certified by Pertamina, but not including Exhibits A and B
thereto;

          (p)  a certificate of Pertamina and, with respect to
each such agreement to which each representative referred to in
Section 13.3 of the Trust Agreement is a party, of such
representative, to the effect that the copies of (i) the
Development Plan, (ii) the Basic Agreements, (iii) the Chubu
Sales Contract, (iv) the 1973 LNG Sales Contract, (v) the Korean
Quantities Agreement, (vi) the Korean Quantities Supplemental
Memorandum, (vii) the Korean Sales Contract, (viii) the Bank
Indonesia Relending Agreement dated as of August 26, 1975 between
the Republic of Indonesia and Pertamina, (ix) the Loan Agreement
for Badak dated as of May 17, 1974, between Pertamina and Japan
Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd., (x) the Badak Escrow and Trust Agreement
dated as of July 15, 1974 among Pertamina, The Industrial Bank of
Japan, Limited and Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd., (xi) the
Transportation Agreement dated as of September 23, 1973 between
Burmast East Shipping Corporation and Pertamina, (xii) the Supply
Agreement for "Korean Carry-Over Quantities" dated as of December
30, 1987 by and between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Roy M.
Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia International
Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited and Universe Tankships, Inc.,
on the other hand, (xiii) the Supply Agreement for "Korean
Carry-Over Quantities" dated as of December 30, 1987 by and
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Total Indonesie and
Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., on the other hand, (xiv) the Supply
Agreement for "Korean Carry-over Quantities" dated as of December
30, 1987 by and between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal
Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., on the other hand,
(xv) the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement and (xvi) the
Bontang I Trust Agreement, in each case as amended, provided to
the Tranche A Lender and the Agent on the date hereof were true,
correct and complete copies of such documents with all amendments
and that no change has been made in such documents since the date
of this Agreement, except for such changes as are permitted
without the consent of the Majority Lenders pursuant to the
Producers Agreement;

          (q)  a copy of the most recent statements, entitled
"Certificate of Gas Reserves Nilam Field, East Kalimantan,
Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986," "Certificate of Gas Reserves
Badak Field, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986,"
"Certificate of Gas Reserves, Bekapai, Handil, and Tambora Fields
Operated by Total Indonesie, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of
January 31, 1986," "Certificate of Gas Reserves, Tunu Field, East
Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986," and "Certificate
of Gas Reserves, Attaka Field, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of
January 31, 1986," each of which has been prepared by DeGolyer
and MacNaughton, relating to the gas reserves in the Badak and
certain other East Kalimantan fields;

          (r)  a certificate of Pertamina to the effect that (i)
Property Insurance Policy No. N 76020 dated June 1, 1987,
together with any amendments, issued by P.T. Tugu Pratama
Indonesia in favor of Pertamina, among others, covering the
Bontang Plant (excluding Train E) and (ii) Contractors "All
Risks" Insurance Policy No. E 71031, dated January 25, 1988,
together with any amendments, issued by P.T. Tugu Pratama
Indonesia in favor of Pertamina, among others, covering Train E
have been delivered to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent prior
to the date hereof and, except as permitted by Section 1.11 of
the Producers Agreement, remain in full force and effect in
compliance with Section 1.11 of the Producers Agreement;

          (s)  copies certified by the Borrower to be true and
correct as of the date of the initial Advance of (i) the
designation of each entity and individual authorized to give
borrowing instructions under Section 3.4(a) of the Trust
Agreement, (ii) the borrowing instructions to the Borrower from
an entity and individual so designated, and (iii) specimen
signatures of the persons who are authorized to act for the
Borrower under and in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter
Agreement;

          (t)  certified copies of all required or appropriate
authorizations and consents of all relevant governmental
authorities of Indonesia (certified by Pertamina) and Japan
(certified by the Tranche A Lender), if any, in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Notes, the
Letter Agreement and the Producers Agreement.

All legal matters in connection with the transactions con-
templated hereby and the making of the initial Advances, and all
documents and instruments evidencing such matters or incident
thereto including, but not limited to, the documents delivered
pursuant to Sections 5.1(a) to (p) inclusive and 5.1(r), (s) and
(t) hereof (but excluding the documents delivered pursuant to
Section 5.1(q) hereof and the Japanese governmental
authorizations and consents referred to in Section 5.1(t) hereof)
shall be satisfactory in form and substance to special counsel to
the Lenders, and special counsel to the Lenders shall have
received all such other documents and instruments, or copies
thereof, certified if requested, as they may reasonably request
in order to enable them to pass upon such matters.

     5.2  Conditions Precedent to the Initial and Subsequent
Advances.  Except as the Majority Lenders may otherwise consent,
the obligation of each Lender to make each Advance to be made by
such Lender hereunder (including the initial such Advance) is
subject to the further conditions precedent (i) that the Tranche
A Lender and the Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing
in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2(a) hereof, (ii)
that on the date of the making of such Advance and after giving
effect thereto (A) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and no event shall have occurred or failed to occur
the occurrence or non-occurrence of which, with the giving of
notice or lapse of time or both would constitute, an Event of
Default, and (B) the representations and warranties of the
Borrower contained in this Agreement and of the Producers
contained in the Producers Agreement shall be true and correct on
and as of the date of the making of such Advance with the same
effect as though such representations and warranties had been
made on and as of such date, (iii) that the Tranche A Lender and
the Agent shall have received from the Borrower a statement from
the Producers conforming to the requirements of Section 6.1(b)
hereof indicating that the Debt Coverage Ratio is not less than
200%, (iv) that there shall have been no material adverse change
(x) since December 31, 1987, in the business, assets, financial
condition or results of operation of the Borrower or any of the
Producers which affects materially and adversely, or would be
likely to affect materially and adversely, the performance by
Pertamina of or the ability of Pertamina to perform its
obligations under the LNG Sales Contract, or (y) in the operation
of the Bontang Plant, (v) that the authorizations and consents
described in Section 5.1(t) hereof shall be in full force and
effect and (vi) no event shall have occurred or circumstance
exist that renders impracticable any of the events set forth in
clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Completion Date
in Section 1 hereof.

     5.3  Representations.  The making of each Borrowing
hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by
the Borrower as of the date of such Borrowing that the facts
specified in Section 5.2(ii)(A) hereof as to Sections 7(a)
through 7(e) hereof only, Section 5.2(ii)(B) hereof and Section
5.2(iv) hereof in each case as to the Borrower only are true and
correct on the date of such Borrowing.

SECTION 6.  COVENANTS

     Until payment in full of all of the Notes, and of all other
amounts due and owing under this Agreement at the time the Notes
are paid in full, unless compliance with the provisions of this
Section shall have been waived by the Majority Lenders, the
Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:

     6.1  Information.  The Borrower shall provide or cause to be
provided to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent:

          (a)  as soon as possible and in any event within 45
days after the end of the first three calendar quarters in each
year commencing with the quarter ending March 31, 1988, for each
such quarter, and within 45 days after the end of each calendar
year, for such year and for the final calendar quarter thereof, a
statement setting forth for the relevant period or periods (i)
the Gross Invoice Amount invoiced under the LNG Sales Contract,
(ii) the amount of such Gross Invoice Amount received by the
Borrower, (iii) during any Contingent Support Period, the amount
of any Contingent Support received by the Borrower, (iv) during
any Contingent Support Period, a copy of any notice received from
Pertamina setting forth the amount of Source of Contingent
Support invoiced under the relevant Contingent Support Agreements
and received by the relevant trustees and (v) the debits and
credits from the Debt Service Account and Reserve Account and all
subaccounts thereof (as provided in the Trust Agreement);

          (b)  as soon as possible and in any event within 45
days after the end of each calendar quarter, a statement in
writing setting forth (i) the Source of Debt Service reasonably
anticipated to be payable in each calendar quarter to the Final
Maturity Date (or during any Contingent Support Period, the
amounts of Contingent Support reasonably anticipated to be
payable during such Contingent Support Period, taking into
account the amounts of Source of Contingent Support reasonably
anticipated to be payable during such Contingent Support Period)
plus, if it is reasonably anticipated that such Contingent
Support Period will end, any Source of Debt Service reasonably
anticipated to be payable after the end thereof to the Final
Maturity Date, (ii) the aggregate principal, interest and other
amounts reasonably anticipated to be payable during each calendar
quarter to the Final Maturity Date under this Agreement, the
Notes and the Letter Agreement, (iii) the Debt Coverage Ratio
(calculated both including and excluding any amounts held in the
Debt Coverage Reserve Account), (iv) if the Debt Coverage Ratio
is less than 120%, the amount required to be held in the Debt
Coverage Reserve Account in order for the Debt Coverage Ratio to
be at least equal to 120%, and (v) the reasonably anticipated
Gross Invoice Amount under the LNG Sales Contract in each
calendar quarter to the Final Maturity Date, such statement to be
prepared using the most recent assumptions approved by the
Tranche A Lender, the Agent and the Majority Tranche B Lenders
for purposes of such calculation, which approval shall be
obtained in accordance with the last paragraph of the definition
of Debt Coverage Ratio in Section 1 hereof;

          (c)  information of the type referred to in clauses (a)
and (b) of this Section 6.1 at such times other than those
specified above as the Tranche A Lender or the Agent may
reasonably request;

          (d)  as soon as a Responsible officer of the Borrower
obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice of each Event of Default
and each event which has occurred or failed to occur, the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which with the giving of notice
or lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default; and

          (e)  as soon as the Borrower receives notice from
Pertamina that the events set forth in clauses (i), (ii), and
(iii) of the definition of Completion Date have occurred, a
written notice together with the original copy of the notice of
Pertamina certifying that such events have occurred.

          The Agent shall forthwith cause a copy of all
information provided under this Section 6.1 to be distributed to
each Tranche B Lender.

     6.2  Negative Pledge.  The Borrower will not create, incur
or suffer to exist any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt Service,
Source of Contingent Support or any Contingent Support received
or receivable by it prior to its deposit in the Bontang III
Payment Account, or any Encumbrance on any Borrowed Amounts, in
each case resulting from any act or any failure to perform any
obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or of the Bontang
III Trustee under the Trust Agreement or any duty as Bontang III
Trustee, except any Encumbrance, if any, (i) arising pursuant to
the Trust Agreement or in favor of the holders of Indebtedness
permitted in accordance with Section 6.4 hereof or (ii) arising
pursuant to statute or otherwise by operation of law, and not
pursuant to any agreement, which is discharged in the ordinary
course of business and which is not enforced by attachment or
levy.

     6.3  No Consent to Changes.  The Borrower will not terminate
or revoke the Trust Agreement or amend, modify, revise,
supplement or waive any of the provisions of (a) Article 1, 4 or
10 or Section 2.1, 2.2, 2.4, 2.5, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.7 or 6.1, or
the second sentence of Section 8.2 of the Trust Agreement, in
each case other than to permit the Borrower to enter into
Subordinated Indebtedness, or (b) any other provision of the
Trust Agreement if any such amendment, modification, revision,
supplement or waiver would or would be likely to affect adversely
the trust created under such Trust Agreement, the rights of the
Lenders under or the ability of the Borrower to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or the Letter
Agreement.  Any consent of the Majority Lenders necessary to
permit any action otherwise prohibited by this Section 6.3 shall
not be unreasonably withheld.  The Borrower shall promptly
provide to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent copies of any
agreement or document evidencing any revocation, amendment,
modification or revision of the Trust Agreement or any provision
thereof not requiring the consent of the Majority Lenders under
this Section 6.3.

     6.4  Indebtedness.  The Borrower shall not create, assume or
become liable for, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness
charging or to be paid out of the Source of Debt Service, Source
of Contingent Support or Contingent Support, except for (i) all
obligations and liabilities under this Agreement, the Notes or
the Letter Agreement, (ii) any Indebtedness (a) that shall be
payable out of amounts of the Source of Debt Service and
Contingent Support only after the Trustee shall have accumulated
amounts in the Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account
during each Interest Period required to be accumulated therein
pursuant to Sections 7 and 9 hereof and (b) the proceeds of which
shall be applied solely in connection with the Bontang Plant (the
"Subordinated Indebtedness") and (iii) with respect to Source of
Debt Service only, obligations (other than Subordinated Indebt-
edness) in respect of interest rate swap arrangements of the
Borrower entered into solely for the purpose of exchanging
floating interest rate obligations with respect to Tranche B for
fixed interest rate obligations, if such Indebtedness is pari
passu in right of payment and does not benefit from any
Encumbrance other than equally and ratably with, or subordinate
to, the Indebtedness owed to the Lenders under this Agreement,
the Notes and the Letter Agreement and if the terms and
conditions of such arrangements are approved as to form and
substance by the Majority Lenders ("Pari Passu Swap
Indebtedness"), such approval not to be unreasonably withheld;
provided that the withholding of such consent by the Majority
Lenders shall be deemed reasonable if the Borrower and the
Majority Lenders are unable to agree with respect to (x)
amendments to this Agreement, including without limitation
amendments to the definitions of "Debt Coverage Ratio" and
"Discount Rate," with respect to such Pari Passu Swap
Indebtedness, (y) amendments to the Trust Agreement relating to
such Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness or (z) such other changes to
the terms and conditions, including the Events of Default, of the
Trust Agreement, the Producers Agreement and this Agreement as
the Majority Lenders shall request in connection with such Pari
Passu Swap Indebtedness.  The Borrower shall not create, assume
or become liable for, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness
charging or to be paid oui of any Borrowed Amounts, except for
Indebtedness for which such Borrowed Amounts were borrowed.

     6.5  Notice at End of Availability Period.  After the end of
the Availability Period, the Tranche A Lender and the Agent shall
deliver to the Borrower a notice setting forth the outstanding
amounts of principal and interest as of the final Borrowing Date
and a repayment schedule.  The Borrower shall either promptly
confirm that it agrees with such amounts and such schedule by
signing and returning to each of the Tranche A Lender and the
Agent a copy of such notice or promptly deliver to the Tranche A
Lender and the Agent a notice indicating that it does not agree
and specifying the reasons therefor.  The delivery or lack of
delivery of such notice to the Borrower shall in no way affect
any of the obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement
other than those set forth in this Section 6.5.

SECTION 7.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     If any one or more of the following events ("Events of
Default") shall occur and be continuing:

     (a)  (i) failure to make any payment of the principal of any
of the Notes with respect to either or both of the Tranches
within two days following, or interest on any of the Notes with
respect to either or both of the Tranches within three days
following, the date when due and payable in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof (provided that for the purposes of this
clause (i) a deferral of payment of an amount of principal
pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof shall not be deemed to be a
failure to make such payment), or (ii) failure to pay any other
amounts payable under this Agreement, any of the Notes or the
Letter Agreement within seven days following the date when due in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including Section
3.9 hereof; or

     (b)  any representation or warranty made or deemed made by
or on behalf of the Borrower in Section 4 or Section 5.3 of this
Agreement or in any certificate delivered to the Tranche A
Lender, the Agent or the Tranche B Lenders pursuant hereto shall
prove to have been incorrect or misleading in any material
respect as of the date when made; or

     (c)  failure by the Borrower to perform or observe any term,
covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4
hereof; or

     (d)  failure by the Borrower to perform its obligations
under Section 6.1(d) hereof for seven days after written notice
of such failure shall have been given to the Borrower by the
Tranche A Lender or by the Agent at the request of any Tranche B
Lender; or

     (e)  any failure by the Borrower to perform or observe any
term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other
than those referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this
Section 7), or any failure by the Borrower or any Producer to
perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in
the Trust Agreement, for 30 days after written notice of such
failure shall have been given to the Borrower by the Tranche A
Lender or by the Agent at the request of any Tranche B Lender; or

     (f)  a Default as defined in the Producers Agreement shall
have occurred thereunder; then the Tranche A Lender and the Agent
shall, upon the written request of the Majority Lenders, by
notice of default given to the Borrower, (i) declare the
Commitment of each Lender to be forthwith terminated and/or (ii)
declare all the Notes outstanding hereunder to be forthwith due
and payable, whereupon the then outstanding principal amount of
such Notes, together with accrued interest thereon and any and
all other amounts due under this Agreement and the Letter Agree-
ment, shall forthwith become due and payable without diligence,
presentment, demand, protest, notice of dishonor, or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the
Borrower.

     Should the principal amount of the Notes be declared or
become due and payable in the foregoing manner, the entire amount
of the Source of Debt Service and the Contingent Support received
by the Borrower thereafter shall to the extent provided by the
Trust Agreement, as and when received by the Borrower, be
accumulated and paid to the Tranche A Lender and the Agent for
application to the amounts owing by the Borrower under this
Agreement, the Notes which were declared to be or which became
due and payable and the Letter Agreement until all principal of
and interest on such Notes and all other amounts then due and
payable under this Agreement, the relevant Notes and the Letter
Agreement shall have been paid in full.

SECTION 8.  AGENT

     The Tranche B Lenders, the Agent, and the Lead Managers
agree among themselves and, where the context of Section 8.9 or
8.10 so requires, with the Borrower as follows:

     8.1  Appointment and Authority.

          (a)  Each Tranche B Lender, and each subsequent holder
of any Tranche B Note by its acceptance thereof, irrevocably
authorizes the Agent to receive all payments of principal,
interest and other amounts due to such Tranche B Lender or such
holder under this Agreement and the Tranche B Notes and to take
all other actions on behalf of such Tranche B lender or such
holder and to exercise such powers hereunder as are specifically
delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with all
other such powers as shall be reasonably incidental thereto.

          (b)  The relationship between each of the Tranche B
Lenders and the Agent is and shall be that of agent and principal
only, and nothing herein shall be construed to constitute the
Agent a trustee for any holder of a Tranche B Note or of a
participation therein nor to impose on the Agent duties and
obligations other than those expressly provided for herein nor to
confer upon the Agent any relationship of agency or trust with
the Borrower.  Neither the Agent, nor any of its directors,
officers, employees or agents shall be liable to any of the
Tranche B Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken by
it or them hereunder or in connection herewith, whether as a
result of any conflicts affecting or involving the Agent and the
Lead Managers resulting from their responsibilities relating to
Tranche B or otherwise, except for its own or their own gross
negligence or willful misconduct.  Each of the Tranche B Lenders,
and each subsequent holder of any Tranche B Note by its
acceptance thereof, agrees (which agreement shall survive payment
of the Tranche B Notes) to indemnify the Agent (to the extent not
reimbursed by the Borrower) and the Lead Managers, in amounts
which are pro rata to the respective Commitments of such Tranche
B Lenders and, in the case of a subsequent holder of any Tranche
B Notes, of the Tranche B Lender from whom such holder acquired
(directly or indirectly) such Tranche B Notes, from and against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses of
any kind which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against
the Agent or the Lead Managers (in their capacities as such) in
any way related to or arising out of this Agreement or any
Advances with respect to Tranche B or any action taken or omitted
by such Agent or the Lead Managers under this Agreement whether
as a result of any conflicts affecting or involving the Agent and
the Lead Managers resulting from their responsibilities relating
to Tranche B or otherwise, except (i) normal administrative
expenses incidental to the performance of their duties as such
Agent and Lead Managers hereunder and (ii) any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses resulting from its or their
gross negligence or willful misconduct.

     8.2  Agent May Rely on Documents.  The Agent shall be
entitled to rely on any communication, instrument or document
reasonably believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have
been signed or sent by the proper Person or Persons, and with
respect to all legal matters shall be entitled to rely on the
advice of legal and other professional advisors selected by it
from time to time concerning all matters relating to this
Agreement, the Tranche B Notes and its duties hereunder and
thereunder, and shall not be liable to any of the Tranche B
Lenders for the consequences of such reliance.

     8.3  No Amendment to Duties of Agent Without Consent.  The
Agent shall not be bound by any waiver, amendment, supplement or
modification of this Agreement which affects its duties under
this Agreement unless it shall have given its prior written
consent, as Agent, thereto.

     8.4  Responsibilities of Agent and Lead Managers.  The Agent
may treat the payee of any Tranche B Note as the holder thereof
until written notice of the transfer thereof shall have been
received by it.  Neither the Agent nor any of the Lead Managers
makes any warranty or representation to any Tranche B Lender, nor
shall any of them be responsible for any recitals, statements,
representations or warranties herein or in any document prepared
by or given by the Borrower or any other Person to the Tranche B
Lenders in connection herewith (or for the accuracy or
completeness of any such document) or for the execution,
effectiveness, genuineness, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or the Tranche B Notes or any other document, agreement
or instrument delivered in connection herewith or related hereto,
or be liable for failing to make any inquiry concerning the
performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions or
conditions of this Agreement or any Tranche B Note or any other
document, agreement or instrument delivered in connection
herewith or related hereto.  The Agent and each Lead Manager
shall be entitled to retain for its own use any amounts paid to
it in its capacity as such.  The Agent shall not be deemed to
have known of the occurrence of an Event of Default or other
event the occurrence or non-occurrence of which with the giving
of notice or lapse of time or both would become an Event of
Default or comparable event under any other agreement unless the
Agent has received written notice from a Tranche B Lender or the
Borrower specifying such Event of Default or other event and
stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" or from any
other relevant Person so specifying.  If (i) the Agent receives a
notification pursuant to the preceding sentence, or (ii) the
Borrower fails to pay in accordance with the terms hereof to the
Agent when due the principal of or interest on any Tranche B Note
or any commitment fee payable to any Tranche B Lender hereunder,
the Agent shall promptly give written notice thereof to the
Tranche B Lenders.  The Agent may decline to take any action
except upon the written direction of the Majority Tranche B
Lenders and the Agent may obtain a ratification by such Majority
Tranche B Lenders of any action taken by it under this Agreement
or any other document, agreement or instrument delivered in
connection herewith or related hereto.  The Agent shall have no
liability to the Lead Managers or Tranche B Lenders for any
action taken by it upon the direction of the Majority Tranche B
Lenders or if ratified by the Majority Tranche B Lenders, nor
shall the Agent have any such liability for any failure to act
unless such Agent has been instructed to act by the Majority
Tranche B Lenders.  The action of the Majority Tranche B Lenders
shall in each case bind all of the Tranche B Lenders hereunder. 
The Agent shall not be required to take any action which exposes
such Agent to personal liability (unless indemnified to its
satisfaction for any and all consequences of such action) or
which is contrary to this Agreement or any Legal Requirement.

     8.5  Funding Costs of Agent.  If at any time the Agent makes
available to a Tranche B Lender amounts due from the Borrower
hereunder which the Borrower has failed to make available to the
Agent, then the Tranche B Lender shall on first demand forthwith
refund such amounts to the Agent together with interest thereon
at the rate offered by the Agent for overnight Dollar deposits in
the New York Federal Funds market.

     8.6  Agent in Individual Capacity.  The Agent and its
affiliates in their capacities as Tranche B Lenders shall have
the same rights and powers hereunder as any Tranche B Lender and
may exercise such rights and powers as though the Agent were not
the Agent.  The Agent and its affiliates may (without having to
account therefor to any Tranche B Lender) accept deposits from,
lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust
or other business with the Borrower, any of the Borrower's
affiliates, the Producers and any of the Producers' affiliates,
as if such Agent were not acting in such capacity hereunder. 
Each of the Tranche B Lenders other than the Agent hereby
expressly agrees and consents to the Agent's or an affiliate of
the Agent acting as trustee under the Escrow Agreement during the
term of this Agreement.

     8.7  Credit Decision.  Each Tranche B Lender represents,
warrants and acknowledges that it has, independently and without
reliance upon the Agent, the Lead Managers or any other Lender,
and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter
into this Agreement.  Each Tranche B Lender also acknowledges
that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent,
the Lead Managers or any other Lender, and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the
time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not
taking any action under this Agreement.

     8.8  Lead Managers.  Nothing in this Agreement shall impose
on the Lead Managers, in their capacity as such, any duties or
obligations whatsoever.

     8.9  Change of Administrative Office of Agent.  The Agent
may at any time or from time to time by written notice to the
Borrower and to each Tranche B Lender designate a different
office from which its duties as Agent will thereafter be
performed; provided that no such change to a location outside of
the City of New York shall be made without the Borrower's
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

     8.10 Successor Agent.  Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor Agent as provided below, the Agent may
resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the
Tranche B Lenders and to the Borrower.  The Agent may be removed
at any time with or without cause by the Majority Tranche B
Lenders.  Upon any such resignation or removal, such Majority
Tranche B Lenders shall have the right to appoint such successor
Agent.  If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by
such Majority Tranche B Lenders and shall have accepted such
appointment within 30 days after any such retiring Agent's giving
of notice of resignation, then such retiring Agent may appoint
such successor Agent.  No successor Agent shall be appointed
without the consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Upon the acceptance of any
appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such
successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with
all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of such retiring Agent, and such
retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and
obligations hereunder.  After any such retiring Agent's
resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 8
shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as
any such Agent hereunder.

SECTION 9.  SOURCE OF DEBT SERVICE; CONTINGENT SUPPORT; RECOURSE

     9.1 Accumulation for Debt Service.  Pursuant to Sections 3.2
and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement and except as therein stated, the
Borrower shall pay into the Debt Service Account the entire
amount of all Borrowed Amounts immediately upon receipt thereof,
and, starting with the commencement of each Interest Period, the
Borrower shall pay into the Debt Service Account the entire
amount of each payment of the Source of Debt Service and
Contingent Support, as and when actually received by the
Borrower, until the aggregate amount accumulated in the Debt
Service Account shall be sufficient to pay the principal of and
interest due on all of the Notes, as well as all other amounts
due and payable under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, in each case during such Interest Period; provided,
however, that for any six-month Interest Period, the amount of
the Source of Debt Service and Contingent Support paid over to
and accumulated in the Debt Service Account for principal and
interest due during such Interest Period shall be in accordance
with Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement.  All such
principal, interest and other amounts due during any Interest
Period are referred to herein as the "Quarterly Debt Service" for
such Interest Period.

     9.2  Accumulation in Regular Reserve Account.

          (a)  Pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust
Agreement, during each Interest Period, after all amounts of
Source of Debt Service and Continent Support required to be paid
into the Debt Service Account pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof with
respect to such Interest Period have been so paid, the Borrower
shall pay into the Regular Reserve Account the entire remaining
amount of each payment of the Source of Debt Service and
Contingent Support, as and when actually received by the
Borrower, until the aggregate amount accumulated in such Regular
Reserve Account shall equal 100% of the amount of Quarterly Debt
Service reasonably anticipated to be due (i) during the three
Interest Periods next succeeding such Interest Period, if such
Interest Period commences during the first seven years after the
Notice of Start-up, and (ii) during the two Interest Periods next
succeeding such Interest Period, if such Interest Period
commences more than seven years after such Notice.  For purposes
of determining such amounts of Quarterly Debt Service, the
interest rate applicable to Tranche B (including any Deferred
Portion thereof) and any Deferred Portion of Tranche A shall be
deemed to be the Assumed Interest Rate.

     (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any Source
of Debt Service during the Availability Period, the Borrower
shall pay the full amount thereof into the Regular Reserve
Account pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Trust Agreement.

     9.3  Accumulation in Debt Coverage Reserve Account. 
Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Trust Agreement, if at any time
the Debt Coverage Ratio falls below 120%, then for each Interest
Period then in effect or thereafter occurring, after all amounts
of Source of Debt Service and Contingent Support required to paid
into the Debt Service Account and the Regular Reserve Account
pursuant to Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof with respect to such
Interest Period have been so paid, the Borrower shall pay into
the Debt Coverage Reserve Account the entire remaining amount of
each payment of the Source of Debt Service or Contingent Support,
as and when actually received by the Borrower, until the Debt
Coverage Ratio equals 120%.  All amounts will be paid out of the
Debt Coverage Reserve Account and transferred into the Bontang
III Payment Account when the Debt Coverage Ratio (excluding in
the calculation thereof for such purpose all amounts contained in
the Debt Coverage Reserve Account) shall equal or exceed 130%.

     9.4  Accumulation in Contingent Reserve Account.

     Pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Trust Agreement, if the
Borrower does not receive the Notice of Start-up before January
1, 1990, the Borrower shall pay into the Contingent Reserve
Account the entire amount of any Contingent Support, as and when
actually received by the Borrower during the period commencing on
January 1, 1990 and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) receipt
by the Borrower of the Notice of Start-up and (ii) September 30,
1990.  Upon the receipt by the Borrower of the Notice of
Start-up, the outstanding amount held in the Contingent Reserve
Account shall be transferred into the Regular Reserve Account to
the extent required in Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3 hereof, and the
excess shall be transferred into the Bontang III Payment Account.

     9.5  Payments Made from Debt Service Account and Reserve
Account.  Except for any personal liability of the Borrower
arising as specifically provided in this Agreement, all payments
to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes and
the Letter Agreement, including in each case, without limitation,
payments due on the Final Maturity Date, shall be made only from
the Debt Service Account as the same as defined in, and as at any
applicable time the same shall be funded under, Sections 3.2 and
3.3 of the Trust Agreement; provided, however, that if amounts
held in the Debt Service Account are insufficient to pay all such
amounts when due, any amounts then held (i) first, in the
Contingent Reserve Account, (ii) second, in the Regular Reserve
Account and (iii) third, in the Debt Coverage Reserve Account
shall be applied to make such payments to the extent provided in
Section 3.3 of the Trust Agreement.  Except in accordance with
the preceding sentence with respect to any personal liability of
the Borrower, the Borrower shall only be obligated to make
payments under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, including in each case, without limitation, payments
due on the Final Maturity Date, out of amounts of the Source of
Debt Service, Contingent Support and Borrowed Amounts received by
it.  The Borrower agrees that, as long as moneys are held in such
Debt Service Account and such subaccounts of the Reserve Account,
the Lenders, to the extent necessary to make payments in
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement of principal,
interest and other amounts due under this Agreement, the Notes
and the Letter Agreement, are among those having a right as
provided under Section 2.2 of the Trust Agreement to receive
disbursements thereunder.

     9.6  No Recourse.  In furtherance of Sections 9.1 to 9.5
hereof, each of the Tranche A Lender, the Agent, the Lead
Managers, the Tranche B Lenders and each holder of a Note, by its
acceptance thereof, agrees that, except as provided in Section
9.5, it will look solely to the Source of Debt Service,
Contingent Support and Borrowed Amounts to the extent provided in
Section 9.5 hereof for all payments to be made by the Borrower
under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, as
provided therein or herein, including in each case, without
limitation, payments due on the Final Maturity Date, and that no
recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or
interest on the Notes or the payment of any other amounts due
under this Agreement or the Letter Agreement, or shall be had for
any claim based on any provision hereof or thereof, against
Continental Bank International (or any entity acting as successor
trustee under the Trust Agreement) in its individual capacity, or
against any past, present or future stockholder, officer,
director, employee or agent of Continental Bank International (or
any entity so acting), or against the grantors, settlors or
beneficiaries of any trust under the Trust Agreement, either
directly or through the Borrower or any successor of any thereof,
under any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the
enforcement of any assessment, or otherwise, and neither
Continental Bank International (or any such entity acting as such
successor trustee) nor any such other Person shall have any
personal obligation, liability or duty whatsoever to the Tranche
A Lender, the Agent, the Lead Managers or the Tranche B Lenders
or any holders of the Notes or anyone else for or with respect to
any such payment or for the performance of or compliance with any
covenant or agreement contained in any of said documents or for
the truth, accuracy or completeness of any statement or
representation made in any such document, except only in the case
of Continental Bank International (or any such entity acting as
successor trustee) for any material breach of a representation or
warranty expressly made by it under Section 4 or Section 5.3
hereof in its individual capacity and such liability as may arise
under this Agreement for gross negligence or willful misconduct
in acting hereunder.  In such connection the Borrower (a) shall
be entitled to act upon any notice, certificate, request,
direction, waiver, receipt or other document which it in good
faith believes to be genuine and it shall be entitled to rely
upon the due execution, validity and effectiveness, and the truth
and acceptability of any provisions contained in any of the
foregoing so received, (b) may consult with, and obtain advice
from qualified accounting and legal advisers in connection with
the performance of its obligations and it shall incur no
liability and shall be fully protected in acting in good faith in
accordance with the opinion and advice of such advisers, and (c)
shall have no duties other than those specifically set forth or
provided for herein nor any obligation to familiarize itself with
nor any responsibility with respect to any other agreement
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to
which it is not a party.

     9.7  Not to Limit Remedies.  Nothing contained in this
Section 9 shall be construed to limit the exercise and
enforcement, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the
Notes or the Letter Agreement, of the rights and remedies of the
Tranche A Lender, the Agent, the Lead Managers or the Tranche B
Lenders or any holders of the Notes against the Borrower
hereunder to the extent of the Source of Debt Service, Contingent
Support and Borrowed Amounts as provided herein.

SECTION 10.  MISCELLANEOUS

     10.1 Notices.  Any notice required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be (a) personally
delivered, (b) transmitted by postage prepaid registered mail,
return receipt requested, (c) transmitted by telex (with postage
prepaid mail confirmation) or (d) sent by facsimile transmission
to the parties as follows (as elected by the party giving such
notice):

To the Borrower:         Continental Bank International,
                    as Trustee under the Bontang III 
                    Trust Agreement dated as of February 9, 1988
                    520 Madison Avenue
                    New York, New York 10022
                    Attention:  Securities Division
                    Telex:  RCA 232304/ITT 420177
                    Answerback:  CBI UR/ CBI UI
                    Telecopier:  (212) 605-2999

To the Tranche A Lender: Train-E Finance Co., Ltd.
                    Toranomon 37 Mori Building
                    9th Floor
                    5-1, Toranomon 3-chome
                    Minato-ku
                    Tokoyo, Japan
                    Attention:  Treasurer
                    Telex:  (0) 2428181
                    Answerback:  TEFCO J
                    Telecopier:  (03) 578-0353

To the Agent:       The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company
                    245 Park Avenue
                    New York, New York  10167
                    Attention:  Loan Department
                    Telex:  425754 (ITT)
                    Answerback:  IBJTC UI
                    Telecopier:  (212) 557-3581

To the Tranche B Lenders:     As provided on the signature pages
                              hereof

Any notice relating to a Borrowing or a prepayment shall only be
effective on receipt of a legible copy thereof.  Except as
otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices and other
communications shall be deemed to have been duly given on (i) the
date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) five days
following posting if transmitted by mail, (iii) the date of
transmission with confirmed answerback if transmitted by telex or
(iv) the date of receipt of a legible copy thereof if sent by
facsimile transmission, whichever shall first occur.  Any party
may change its address for purposes hereof by notice to the other
parties.

     10.2 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.  No failure to exercise
and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Tranche A Lender,
the Agent, the Tranche B Lenders or the holders of any Note, any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege.  Subject always to the provisions of Section 9 hereof,
the rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and
not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.  The
provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of any
subsequent holder of the Notes.

     10.3 Use of English Language.  All documents or notices to
be delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement
shall be in the English language.  English shall be the official
language for construction and interpretation of this Agreement,
the Notes, the Letter Agreement and all agreements, notices,
documents and instruments.  If the original of any such document
or notice is not in the English language, an English translation
thereof shall be delivered.

     10.4 Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Participations. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Borrower, the Tranche A Lender, the Lead Managers, the
Tranche B Lenders, the Agent and their respective successors and
permitted assigns.  The Borrower may not assign any of its rights
or delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the written
consent of all of the Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time sell,
assign, transfer, negotiate, or otherwise dispose of, in whole or
in part, with the prior written consent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld) of the Borrower, its rights and
obligations under this Agreement or the Notes, provided that the
withholding of such consent by the Borrower shall be deemed
reasonable if the proposed sale, assignment, transfer,
negotiation or other disposition by a Lender would increase the
Borrower's tax indemnification obligations under Section 3.3
hereof.  The exercise of such right by any Lender is, however,
subject to the conditions that immediately thereafter such Lender
shall have given written notice of any such transfer to the Bor-
rower and, in the case of a Tranche B Lender only, the Agent, and
the transferee shall (a) not have, or shall have effectively
waived, any right pursuant to Section 3.4(b) hereof to claim from
the Borrower any additional amounts above and beyond those which
could have been claimed by the transferor and (b) not have any
right pursuant to Section 3.4(a) hereof not possessed by the
transferor.  The Borrower may treat each Lender, and the Agent
may treat each Tranche B Lender, as the holder of the Note drawn
to its order and delivered to such Lender until written notice of
transfer shall have been received by it.  All agreements,
representations and warranties made herein shall survive the
making of any such transfer hereunder by any Lender. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender may grant
participations which do not create or purport to create binding
obligations of the Borrower, in whole or in part, in its rights
under this Agreement and the Note without any restriction and
without notice to the Borrower.

     10.5 Amendments.  Any provision of this Agreement or the
Notes may be amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or
waiver shall be in writing and signed (including the form of
signatures on any telex, cable or facsimile) by the Tranche A
Lender (except with respect to Section 8 hereof), the Majority
Tranche B Lenders and, if the Agent's rights or duties as agent
are affected, the Agent; provided that any such amendment must
also be signed by the Borrower; and provided further that no such
amendment or waiver shall, unless signed by the Tranche A Lender
and each Tranche B Lender, do any of the following: (a) increase
or decrease the Commitment of any Lender or subject any Lender to
any additional obligation hereunder; (b) reduce the amount or
postpone the date of any payment of principal, interest or other
amount hereunder with respect to a Tranche; (c) with respect to
Tranche B only, reduce the percentage of the amount of the
Commitments with respect to Tranche B or the Advances with
respect to Tranche B, specified in the definition of "Majority
Tranche B Lenders" or otherwise required to take any action
hereunder; or (d) amend or waive any provision of this Section
10.5. Any such amendment or waiver shall be signed by the Tranche
A Lender and by the Agent on behalf of the relevant Tranche B
Lenders if the Agent has been so authorized in writing or by
telex, cable or facsimile transmission by the Majority Tranche B
Lenders or all of the Tranche B Lenders, as the case may be.  Any
amendment or waiver signed by the Agent in accordance with the
preceding sentence shall be binding upon the Tranche B Lenders
and any holder of a Tranche B Note.  Any action that the Agent
may take on behalf of the Majority Tranche B Lenders under this
Agreement and that the Agent in fact so takes shall be binding on
all of the Tranche B Lenders.

     10.6 Expenses; Indemnification.

          (a)  Whether or not the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement shall be consummated, the Borrower agrees (i) to
pay, or reimburse the Tranche A Lender and the Agent, on behalf
of the Tranche B Lenders, for, all reasonable disbursements,
charges and fees of the Lenders' special New York and Taiwan
counsel and (ii) to pay, or reimburse the Agent, on behalf of the
Lead Managers, for, all other reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
of the Lead Managers, including, but not limited to, travel and
photocopying expenses, in each case in connection with the
preparation, negotiation and signing of, and the initial
disbursement under, this Agreement.  Upon the making of the
initial Advance under this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay such
amounts on the date of such Advance.

          (b)  The Borrower agrees (i) to pay, or reimburse the
Tranche A Lender or the Agent or both, as the case may be, for
all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, but not limited
to, travel expenses, legal fees, disbursements and other charges
of Lenders' counsel incurred by the Tranche A Lender or the Agent
or both in connection with any amendment or supplement to, or
modification or waiver of, this Agreement, the Trust Agreement,
the Producers Agreement or other related documents after this
Agreement has been fully executed and (ii) whether or not amounts
due under this Agreement, any of the Notes or the Letter
Agreement are accelerated, upon the occurrence of an Event of
Default or an event the occurrence or non-occurrence of which
would, with notice or lapse of time or both constitute an Event
of Default (but only if such event later becomes an Event of
Default), (1) to pay, or reimburse the holder of the Tranche A
Note for, all expenses of such holder arising in connection with
such Event of Default or the enforcement of this Agreement, such
Tranche A Note, the Letter Agreement or the Producers Agreement,
including but not limited to the fees and expenses of counsel
employed by such holder and (2) to pay, or reimburse the Agent
for, all expenses of the Agent and each holder of any Tranche B
Notes arising in connection with such Event of Default or the
enforcement of this Agreement, such Tranche B Notes, the Letter
Agreement or the Producers Agreement, including but not limited
to the fees and expenses of counsel employed by the Agent or such
holder.

     10.7 Sharing of Set-Off and Other Payments.  In the event
that any Tranche B Lender shall have received an amount in excess
of its ratable share of payments hereunder or under the Tranche B
Notes through the exercise of any lien, set-off or similar right
or any voluntary payment by the Borrower, such Tranche B Lender
shall promptly (and in any event within 15 days) purchase for
cash without recourse that portion of each other Tranche B
Lender's Advances as will result in each Tranche B Lender
receiving its ratable share of the amount of such lien, set-off
or similar right, or voluntary payment; provided that to the
extent that such excess amount or any portion thereof is
subsequently recovered from the purchasing Tranche B Lender, its
purchases from the other Tranche B Lenders shall be rescinded and
the price repaid without interest; and provided further that if,
after acceleration of the maturity of the relevant Tranche B
Notes pursuant to Section 7 hereof, any Tranche B Lender shall
commence an action or proceeding in any court to enforce the
relevant Tranche B Notes held by such Tranche B Lender and as a
result thereof, or in connection therewith, shall receive an
excess payment on such Tranche B Notes, such Tranche B Lender
shall not be required to share any portion of such excess payment
with a Tranche B Lender which has received sufficient notice to
enable it to and which, has the legal right to, but does not,
join such action or proceeding or commence and diligently
prosecute a separate action or proceeding to enforce its Tranche
B Notes in another court.  Nothing herein contained shall in any
way affect (a) expenses pursuant to Section 2.7(c) hereof,
prepayments pursuant to Section 3.4 hereof and interest payments
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the fifth
sentence of Section 2.6 hereof and (b) the right of any Lender to
obtain payment of indebtedness of the Borrower other than
Indebtedness under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement.

     10.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete
sets of counterparts shall be lodged with the Tranche A Lender,
the Agent and the Borrower.

     10.9 Table of Contents and Section Headings.  The table of
contents and the section headings in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in
construing this Agreement.

     10.10     Governing Law.  This Agreement and the Notes shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, United States of America, applicable to
agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State.

     10.11     Severability.  If any one or more of the
provisions contained in this Agreement or any document executed
in connection herewith shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any respect under any applicable law, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein
shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

     10.12     Term of Agreement.  The term of this Agreement
shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the
termination of all of the Lenders' Commitments or payment in full
of all of the Notes and all other amounts payable under this
Agreement and the Letter Agreement, whichever is later.  The
agreements of the Borrower to pay expenses and indemnities
pursuant to Sections 3 and 10.6 of this Agreement shall survive
the repayment of the Advances and the cancellation of all of the
Notes until all amounts payable thereunder are paid in full.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized
signatories as of the Effective Date.
<PAGE>
                              The Borrower:
     
                              CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL,
                                as Trustee aforesaid


                              By /s/ Andries H. J. Jansma         
                              Name:  Andries H. J. Jansma
                              Title: Vice President

Commitment                         Tranche A Lender:

$189,600,000.00                    TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD.

                              By  /s/ Rintaro Hara                
                              Name:   Rintaro Hara
                              Title:  Executive Vice President

                              Lending Office:

                              Toranomon 37 Mori Building
                              9th Floor
                              5-1, Toranomon 3-chome
                              Minato-ku
                              Tokoyo, 105 Japan

                              Attention:  Treasurer
                              Telex:  (0) 2428181
                              Answerback:  TEFCO J
                              Telecopier No.:  (03) 578-0353

                              Lead Managers:

                              THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN TRUST 
                              COMPANY

                              By  /s/ Yoshiro Teranaka           
                              Name:   Yoshiro Teranaka
                              Title:  Executive Vice President
<PAGE>
                              THE BANK OF TOKYO, LTD. 
                                NEW YORK  AGENCY

                              By /s/ Takefumi Murata             
                              Name:  Takefumi Murata
                              Title: Attorney-in-Fact

                              THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK OF 
                                JAPAN, LIMITED 
                                NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Kenichi Amano              
                              Name:   Kenichi Amano
                              Title: Deputy General Manager

                              BANQUE INDOSEUZ

                              By  /s/ Yves G. Gaden               
                              Name:   Yves G. Gaden
                              Title:  First Vice President
                              Attorney-in-Fact

                              Agent:

                              THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN 
                                TRUST COMPANY     

                              By  /s/ Yoshiro Teranaka            
                              Name:   Yoshiro Teranaka
                              Title:  Executive Vice President

Commitment                         Tranche B Lenders:

$10,600,000.00                THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN 
                                TRUST  COMPANY

                              By  /s/ Yoshiro Teranaka           
                              Name:   Yoshiro Teranaka
                              Title:  Executive Vice President
<PAGE>
                              Lending Office:

                              245 Park Avenue
                              New York, New York 10167

                              Attention:  Loan Department
                              Telex:  425754
                              Answerback:  IBJTC UI
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 557-3581

Commitment

$10,600,000.00                THE BANK OF TOKYO, LTD. 
                                NEW YORK  AGENCY

                              By  /s/ Takefumi Murata             
                              Name:   Takefumi Murata
                              Title:  Attorney-in-Fact        

                              Lending Office:

                              100 Broadway
                              New York, New York  10005

                              Attention:  Mr. Takefumi Murata
                              Telex:  229049
                              Answerback:  NBD NY-UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 732-1678

Commitment

$10,600,000.00                THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK OF 
                                JAPAN, LIMITED
                                NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By /s/Kenichi Amano                
                              Name: Kenichi Amano
                              Title:  Deputy General Manager  

                              Lending Office:

                              140 Broadway, 23rd Floor
                              New York, New York  10005

                              Attention:  Mr. Ken-ichi Amano
                              Telex:  425722
                              Answerback:  LTCB UI
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 797-1184

Commitment

$10,600,000.00                BANQUE INDOSUEZ
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By /s/ Yves G. Gaden               
                              Name:  Yves G. Gaden
                              Title:  Attorney-in-Fact        


                              Lending Office:

                              1270 Avenue of the Americas
                              Rockefeller Center
                              New York, New York  10020

                              Attention:  Mr. Fred Schmidt -
                                        Loan Department
                              Telex:  RCA 220898
                              Answerback:  ISNYUR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 408-5757

                              with a copy to:

                              Mme F. Struxiano-Auffray - D.I.F.S.
                              Banque Indosuez
                              44, Rue de Courcelles
                              75008 Paris - France
                              Tel. (33.1.) 45.61.23.77
                              Telex:  Paris 650409 INSU X

<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK,
                                LIMITED
                                NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Munetoshi Matsumoto        
                              Name:   Munetoshi Matsumoto
                              Title:  Vice President          

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Trade Center
                              Suite 4911
                              New York, New York  10048

                              Attention:  Mr. Munetoshi Matsumoto
                                        Vice President
                                        Business Department I
                              Telex:  ITT 420720, 422581
                                   RCA 232988
                              Answerback:  DKB UI
                                        DKB UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 524-0579

Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE DAIWA BANK, LIMITED
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Hiroyuki Doi                
                              Name:   Hiroyuki Doi
                              
                              Title:  Manager

                              Lending Office:

                              75 Rockefeller Plaza
                              New York, New York  10019

                              Attention:  Mr. Hiroyuki Doi
                              Telex:  RCA 232246, ITT 422391
                              Answerback:  NEWDAIWA
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 397-9317
<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE FUJI BANK AND TRUST COMPANY

                              By  /s/ Mitsuhiro Nogahama          
                              Name:   Mitsuhiro Nogahama
                              
                              Title:  Vice President

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Trade Center
                              92nd Floor
                              New York, New York  10048

                              Attention:  Mr. Yoshihiro Sawada
                                       Senior Vice President
                              Telex:  425777
                              Answerback:  FUJTR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 524-0853

Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE MUTSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Takeshi Yokokawa            
                              Name:   Takeshi Yokokawa
                              
                              Title:  Manager       

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Trade Center
                              Suite 8527
                              New York, New York  10048

                              Attention:  Mr. Takeshi Yokokawa
                                       Manager, Planning
                                       and Administration
                                   Department
                              Telex:  232328
                              Answerback:  MIT UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 432-1157
<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE MUTSUBISHI TRUST AND BANKING
                               CORPORATION
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Ryoichi Mizukami            
                              Name:   Ryoichi Mizukami
                              Title:  Manager       

                              Lending Office:

                              520 Madison Avenue
                              25th Floor
                              New York, New York  10022

                              Attention:  Mr. Ryoichi Mizukami
                                       Manager
                              Telex:  23425078
                              Answerback:  MTBA UI
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 755-2349

Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE MITSUI BANK, LTD.
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/Ken-Ichi Sato                
                              Name:  Ken-Ichi Sato
                              Title: Senior Vice President

                              Lending Office:

                              277 Park Avenue
                              New York, New York  10172-0121

                              Attention:  Mr. Mitsushige Kanameda
                              Telex:  RCA 232962
                              Answerback:  232962 MTUI UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 644-9565
<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE MITSUI TRUST & BANKING CO.,
                              LTD.
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Kazuo Yasuda                
                              Name:   Kazuo Yasuda
                              Title: Deputy General Manager

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Financial Center
                              200 Liberty Street
                              New York, New York  10281

                              Attention:  Mr. Hirohisa Gotoda
                                       Assistant Vice President
                              Telex:  222401
                              Answerback:  MBCOUR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 945-4171
                                        (212) 945-4170

Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE SAITAMA BANK, LTD.
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Takayoshi Tasaka            
                              Name:   Takayoshi Tasaka
                              Title: Senior Manager        

                              Lending Office:

                              44 Wall Street
                              New York, New York  10005

                              Attention:  Mr. Takayoshi Tasaka
                              Telex:  233410/424019
                              Answerback:  SAIB UR/SAIB UI
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 825-9033

<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE SANWA BANK, LIMITED
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Toshihiko Yoshizawa         
                              Name:   Toshihiko Yoshizawa
                              
                              Title: Vice President        

                              Lending Office:

                              200 Park Avenue
                              New York, New York  10166

                              Attention:  Mr. Toshihiko Yoshizawa
                                       Vice President
                              Telex:  232423
                              Answerback:  SWB UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 557-0185


Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE SUMITOMO BANK, LIMITED
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Kazuyoshi Ogawa             
                              Name:   Kazuyoshi Ogawa
                              Title: Vice President        

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Trade Center
                              Suite 9651
                              New York, New York  10048

                              Attention:  International Finance
                              Section
                              Telex:  420515 (ITT); 232407 (RCA)
                              Answerback:  SMBK-UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 524-0612

<PAGE>
Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE TOKAI BANK, LIMITED
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/Toshikazu Nakano             
                              Name:  Toshikzau Nakano
                              
                              Title: Vice President        

                              Lending Office:

                              One World Trade Center
                              Suite 8763
                              New York, New York  10048

                              Attention:  Mr. Toshikazu Nakano
                                       Vice President and Manager
                                       International Finance and
                                   Loan
                                       Administration
                              Telex:  422857
                              Answerback:  TOKAI
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 524-0224


Commitment

$7,000,000.00                 THE TOYO TRUST & BANKING CO., LTD.
                               NEW YORK BRANCH

                              By  /s/ Robert J. Tse               
                              Name:  Robert J. Tse
                              
                              Title: Vice President        

                              Lending Office:

                              437 Madison Avenue
                              New York, New York  10022

                              Attention:  Mr. Robert Tse
                                       Vice President
                              Telex:  23-222675
                              Answerback:  TTBC UR
                              Telecopier No.:  (212) 371-4963

<PAGE>
     List of omitted Exhibits and Schedules to Bontang III Loan
Agreement, dated February 9, 1988, among Continental Bank
International as Trustee, Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as Tranche A
Lender and The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent
for the Tranche B Lenders and as Tranche B Lender.

Exhibit             Description

Exhibit A                Form of Notice of Borrowing

Exhibit B-1              Form of Notice of Deferral

Exhibit B-2              Form of Notice of Interest Period

Exhibit C-1              Form of Tranche A Note

Exhibit C-2              Form of Tranche B Note

Exhibit D-1              Form of Legal Opinion of Kelley Drye &
                         Warren, Counsel for the Borrower

Exhibit D-2              Form of Legal Opinion of In-House
                         Counsel to the Borrower

Exhibit E-1              Form of Legal Opinion of the Special
                         Legal Advisor to the President Director
                         of Pertamina

Exhibit E-2              Form of Legal Opinion of Baker & Botts,
                         Special Counsel to Certain Members of
                         the Huffco Group

Exhibit E-3              Form of Legal Opinion of White & Case,
                         Special New York Counsel to Pertamina

Exhibit F-1              Form of Legal Opinion of Paul, Weiss,
                         Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, Special
                         Counsel to the Tranche A Lender, the
                         Agent and the Tranche B Lender

Exhibit F-2              Form of Legal Opinion of TSAR & TSAI,
                         Special Taiwanese Counsel to the Tranche
                         A Lender, the Agent and Tranche B
                         Lenders


Schedule            Description

Schedule 1               Basic Agreements

Schedule 2               Contingent Support Agreements

Schedule 3               Drawdown Schedule
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                               
                                   Page

RECITALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

1.   DEFINITIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2

2.   THE ADVANCES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     2.1 The Commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     2.2 Manner of Borrowing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     2.3 Interest. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
     2.4 Election of Interest Periods for Tranche B. . . 19
     2.5 Interest Rates. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
     2.6 Alternative Interest Rates. . . . . . . . . . . 20
     2.7 Interest Rate on Overdue Amounts; Other Indemnities     
21
     2.8 Fees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     2.9 The Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     2.10 Repayment on Maturity Dates; Deferral. . . . . 24
     2.11 Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

3.   PAYMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
     3.1 Allocation of Amounts; Substitute Payment . . . 25
     3.2 Funds of Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
     3.3 Set-Off, Counterclaim and Taxes . . . . . . . . 26
     3.4 Change of Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
     3.5 Certain Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     3.6 Other Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     3.7 Cancellation of Commitments . . . . . . . . . . 29
     3.8 No Reborrowing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     3.9 Payments to be Made at End of Interest Period . 29

4.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER. . . 30
     4.1 Power and Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     4.2 Legal Action. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     4.3 Restrictions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     4.4 Registration and Approvals. . . . . . . . . . . 30
     4.5 Agreement Binding . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     4.6 Ranking of Advances; Encumbrances . . . . . . . 31
     4.7 Litigation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     4.8 Compliance with Other Instruments, etc. . . . . 31
     4.9 No Defaults . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     4.10 Trust Agreement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
<PAGE>
5.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Advances. . 32
     5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Initial and Subsequent
     Advances. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
     5.3 Representations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

6.   COVENANTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
     6.1 Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
     6.2 Negative Pledge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     6.3 No Consent to Changes . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     6.4 Indebtedness. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     6.5 Notice at End of Availability Period. . . . . . 38

7.   EVENTS OF DEFAULT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38

8.   AGENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
     8.1 Appointment and Authority . . . . . . . . . . . 39
     8.2 Agent May Rely on Documents . . . . . . . . . . 40
     8.3 No Amendment to Duties of Agent Without Consent 40
     8.4 Responsibilities of Agent and Lead Managers . . 40
     8.5 Funding Costs of Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
     8.6 Agent in Individual Capacity. . . . . . . . . . 41
     8.7 Credit Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
     8.8 Lead Managers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
     8.9 Change of Administrative Office of Agent. . . . 42
     8.10 Successor Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

9.   SOURCE OF DEBT SERVICE; CONTINGENT SUPPORT; RECOURSE. . . 42
     9.1 Accumulation for Debt Service . . . . . . . . . 42
     9.2 Accumulation in Regular Reserve Account . . . . 42
     9.3 Accumulation in Debt Coverage Reserve Account . 43
     9.4 Accumulation in Contingent Reserve Account. . . 43
     9.5 Payments Made from Debt Service Account and Reserve
     Account . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
     9.6 No Recourse . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
     9.7 Not to Limit Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45

10.  MISCELLANEOUS
     10.1 Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
     10.2 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . . . . . . . . 46
     10.3 Use of English Language. . . . . . . . . . . . 46
     10.4 Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Participations     
46
     10.5 Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
     10.6 Expenses; Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . 47
     10.7 Sharing of Set-Off and Other Payments. . . . . 48
     10.8 Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
     10.9 Table of Contents and Section Headings . . . . 48
     10.10 Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
     10.11 Severability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
     10.12 Term of Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO BONTANG III
<TEXT>

                              AMENDMENT NO. 1
                                    TO
                                BONTANG III
                            PRODUCERS AGREEMENT


                                                                Dated as of
                                                               May 31, 1988


Train-E Finance Co., Ltd.
as Tranche A Lender


The Industrial Bank of Japan
  Trust Company
245 Park Avenue
New York, New York  10167


As Agent for the Tranche B Lenders under the Bontang III Loan
Agreement dated as of February  9, 1988, among (a) Continental Bank
International, as trustee (the "Trustee") under the Bontang III
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement among it and Perusahaan
Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
Huffington Corporation, Virginia International Company, Virginia
Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesie,
Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. (the
"Producers"), dated as of February 9, 1988 (the "Trust Agreement"),
and (b) Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as Tranche A Lender; the lead
managers and Tranche B Lenders parties to said loan agreement; and
The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent for the Tranche
B Lenders under said loan agreement (the "Loan Agreement").

Dear Sirs:

     Reference is made to the Bontang III Producers Agreement among
us dated as of February 9, 1988 (the "Producers Agreement").

     1.   Section 1.11 of the Producers Agreement is hereby amended
by inserting the following at the end of such Section as new
subparagraphs (f) and (g) thereof:

          "(f)  For the purposes of this Section 1.11 only, the
term "Bontang Plant" is used with the meaning defined in the Loan
Agreement - except that the following are expressly excepted and
excluded from the items included in such definition:  property
outside the perimeter fence (other than the feed gas knock out
drums which are in a separately fenced area to the west of the main
plant, which are included in such definition); land acquisition,
site preparation, grading and infilling; roads, gates and fences;
foundations other than parts exposed at or above grade level;
pilings; underground pipes, sewers and drains; LNG and LPG loading
docks other than the equipment and superstructures thereon; cooling
water intakes other than the equipment thereon; cargo docks and
navigational aids located offshore; moveables other than spare
parts; fresh water systems, outfall canals and diversion dikes; and
temporary electrical and communications equipment.

          (g)  In determining the "full replacement value" of the
Bontang Plant pursuant to Section 1.11(b)(i), the cost of the
following shall be excluded:  all basic engineering and part of
detail engineering to the extent that existing drawings and
specifications are expected to be available and will be used in a
reinstatement; all dredging work; water wells; all major excavation
work and the use of heavy earth moving equipment; and surplus
materials in excess of 5% of required quantities."

     2.   The Lenders by their execution and delivery of this
Amendment hereby acknowledge their acceptance of Robins, Davis &
Little International as the independent appraisers for the
determination of the replacement value of the LNG Plant as required
by Section 1.11(b)(i) of the Producers Agreement as amended hereby.

     3.   Except as amended hereby, the Producers Agreement remains
unchanged and in full force and effect.  The capitalized terms not
otherwise defined herein have the same meanings as provided in the
Producers Agreement.

     4.   THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

     5.   This Amendment may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

     The undersigned Producers have caused this Amendment to be
duly executed by their respective duly authorized signatories as of
the date hereof.

                              PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
                              DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)


                              By                        /S/       
                              Name:
                              Title:








                              ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
     

                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:  
                              Title: 



                              HUFFINGTON CORPORATION

     
                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:  
                              Title:  



                              VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:  
                              Title:  



                              ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:  
                              Title:  



                              VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name: 
                              Title:  
     




                              UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                              LIMITED


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:
                              Title:



                              UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:
                              Title:



                              TOTAL INDONESIE


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:  
                              Title:



                              UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:          
                              Title:



                              INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.


                              By                     /S/          
                              Name:
                              Title:



Accepted:

     TRAIN-E FINANCE CO., LTD., AS
     TRANCHE A LENDER


     By                      /S/                        
     Name:
     Title:



     THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN
     TRUST COMPANY, AS AGENT

     
     By                      /S/                         
     Name:
     Title:



     THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN
     TRUST COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE
     TRANCHE B LENDERS


     By                     /S/                           
     Name:
     Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED 1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT
<TEXT>

               AMENDED AND RESTATED 1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT

          This LNG Sales Contract ("Contract") dated as of the 3rd
day of December, 1973, amended by Amendment No.1 dated as of the
1st day of August, 1976, and amended and restated as of the 1st day
of January, 1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA ("Pertamina"), a state enterprise of the Republic
of Indonesia ("Seller"), on the one hand, and CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER
CO., INC. ("Chubu Electric"), THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
("Kansai Electric"), KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC. ("Kyushu
Electric"), NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION ("Nippon Steel"), OSAKA GAS
CO., =. ("Osaka Gas"), and TOHO GAS CO., LTD. ("Toho Gas"), all
corporations organized and existing under the laws of Japan
(referred to individually as "Buyer" and collectively as "Buyers"),
on the other hand.

                                WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS:

1.   By Memorandum of Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1983,
Seller and Buyers other than Toho Gas agreed to amend the Fixed
Quantity provisions of the Contract with respect to calendar years
1983 through 1997 to provide for the sale to and purchase by Buyers
of additional quantities of LNG;

2.   By Assignment dated as of January 30, 1987, Nippon Steel
assigned to Toho Gas all of its rights and Toho Gas assumed the
obligations with respect to a portion of the Fixed Quantities that
Nippon Steel had agreed to purchase under the Contract; Seller and
the other Buyers consented to such assignment pursuant to the
Contract and to the inclusion of Toho Gas as a Buyer under the
Contract as of January 1, 1987;

3.   By Seller/Buyers Memorandum of Understanding Related to
Amendment No.3 to the Transportation Agreement, dated October 16,
1987, Seller and Buyers agreed on certain matters that relate to
transportation of LNG pursuant to the Contract and Seller and
Buyers have agreed to amend the Contract to incorporate such
agreements;

4.   By that certain Invoice Settlement Agreement for 1973 LNG
Sales Contract dated as of March 31, 1987 and amended and restated
as of December 1, 1988, Seller and Buyers agreed to amend the
Contract to delete the currency adjustment provision and all
references thereto as of April 1, 1988;

5.   By Memorandum of Agreement on Revisions to the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract dated as of September 7, 1989, Seller and Buyers agreed to
revise certain provisions of the Contract, to provide for the sale
and purchase of additional quantities of LNG during the period
1997; through 1999, and to amend the Contract to incorporate these
revisions effective as of January 1, 1990; and

6.   Seller and Buyers have agreed to eliminate those provisions of
the Contract that are no longer operational and to make certain
linguistic and grammatical revisions to improve the clarity of the
Contract.
     NOW, THEREFORE, Seller and each Buyer hereby agree to the
following terms:

                          ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

     The terms or expressions below will have the following
meanings in this Contract:

     1.1  Actual Cubic Foot (acf)
          A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
foot.

     1.2  Adverse Weather Conditions
          As defined in Section 4.4(b).

     1.3  Affiliate
          As defined in Article 19.

     1.4  Allowance
          The quantity of LNG by which a Buyer reduces a Quantity
Deficiency in respect of a given calendar year pursuant to the
provisions of Section 7.3(d).

     1.5  Allowance Restoration Period
          As defined in Section 7.3(d)(iv).
     1.6  Annual Accounting Period
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.

     1.7  Annual Program
          As defined in Section 12.1(a).

     1.8  Arun Facility
          The liquefaction plant facilities, including processing,
storage, loading and related facilities and the Natural Gas
transmission pipeline from the field to the liquefaction plant,
located near Lhok Seumawe, Aceh, Indonesia.

     1.9  Badak Facility
          The liquefaction plant facilities, including processing,
storage,
loading and related facilities and the Natural Gas transmission
pipeline from the
field to the liquefaction plant, located in East Kalimantan,
Indonesia.

     1.10 British Thermal Unit (BTU)
          The amount of heat required to raise the temperature of
one avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.OoF to  60.OoF at an
absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch.

     1.11 Business Day in Japan
          Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays, National
Holidays (including compensatory days), and January 2 and 3.

     1.12 Buyers' Coordinator
          Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. or such other entity as may
be designated by Buyers pursuant to Article 18.

     1.13 Buyers' Facilities
          For the purposes of Section 15.1 E in respect of any
Buyer, the Receiving Facilities of such Buyer and such other
facilities directly related to the use of LNG which, if not
operational, would reduce the amount of LNG which such Buyer is
able to receive hereunder.

     1.14  Contract Sales Price
          As defined in Section 8.1.

     1.15 Coordinated Maintenance Schedule
          As defined in Section 12.3.

     1.16 Crew + Stores + Subsistence
          The items included in the definition of Operating Costs
in the Transportation Agreement in the following categories: Crew
wages, overtime and fringe benefits, including subsistence and
repatriation expense; Stores and Equipment; and Subsistence.

     1.17 Cubic Meter
          A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
meter.

     1.18 Dedicated Vessel
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.
     1.19 Delivery Point
          The point at which the flange coupling of Buyer's
unloading line joins the flange coupling of the LNG discharging
manifold on board the LNG Tanker.

     1.20 Escalating
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.

     1.21 Exercising Buyer
          As defined in Section 7.3(d)(i).

     1.22 Financing Costs
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.

     1.23 Fixed Quantity
          As defined in Section 7.1(a).

     1.24 Fixed Quantity Period
          As defined in Section 7.1(a).

     1.25  Force Majeure Deficiency
          As defined in Section 7.6.

     1.26 G.P.A.
          Gas Processors Association.

     1.27 Gross Heating Value
          The quantity of heat expressed in British Thermal Units
produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic foot of
anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60oF and at an absolute pressure
of 14.696 pounds per square inch, with the air at the same
temperature and pressure as the gas, after cooling the products of
the combustion to the initial temperature of the gas and air, and
after condensation of the water formed by combustion.

     1.28 Huffco Group
     Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited and Universe
Tankships, Inc.

     1.29 Indonesian Facilities
          The Arun Facility and the Badak Facility.

     1.30 Initial Contract Sales Price
          As defined in Section 8.1.

     1.31 Insurance
          As defined in the definition of Operating Costs in the
Transportation Agreement.

     1.32 Inward Steaming Time
          As defined in Section 4.4(b).

     1.33 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
          Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling
point at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

     1.34 LNG Element
          As defined in Section 8.1.

     1.35 LNG Tanker
          An ocean-going vessel, suitable for transporting LNG,
which is used by Seller for transportation of LNG under this
Contract to the Unloading Ports.
     1.36 Loading Ports
          The ports located at the Arun Facility and the Badak
Facility.

     1.37 Maintenance and Repairs
          As defined in the definition of Operating Costs in the
Transportation Agreement.

     1.38 Make-Good LNG
          As defined in Section 7.3(d)(iv).
     1.39 Make-Good Obligation

          The obligation of a Buyer as set forth in Section
7.3(d)(iv) to take and pay for LNG in an amount (measured in BTUs)
equal to each allowance exercised.

     1.40 Make-Up LNG
          As defined in Section 7.5.

     1.41 Market Value LNG Element
          As defined in Section 8.2.

     1.42 Minimum LNG Element
          As defined in Section 8.2.

     1.43 Mobil
          Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc.

     1.44 Natural Gas
          Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons consisting
essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-combustible
gases in a gaseous state and which is extracted from the subsurface
of the earth in its natural state, separately or together with
liquid hydrocarbons.

     1.45 Ninety-Day Schedule
          As defined in Section 12.2.

     1.46 Notice of Readiness
          The notice given at the time prescribed in Section 4.4(b)
          by the Master of each LNG Tanker or its agent to Buyer by
          letter, telegraph, telex, facsimile, radio or telephone
          that such LNG Tanker is ready to discharge LNG.

     1.47 Operating Costs
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.

     1.48  Outward Steaming Time
          As defined in Section 4.4(b).

     1.49  Quantity Deficiency
          As defined in Section 7.3(a).

     1.50 Receiving Facilities
          The LNG receiving terminal facilities which Buyers have
constructed or will construct at the Unloading Ports including,
without limitation, berthing and unloading facilities, LNG storage
tanks, vessel services facilities and regasification plants.

     1.51  Required Minimum Payment
          As defined in the Transportation Agreement.

     1.52 Restoration Quantities
          As defined in Section 7.6.

     1.53 Safety Pledge Letter
          As defined in Section 4.1(c).

     1.54 Seller's Facilities
          For the purposes of Section 15.1 D, Natural Gas
reservoirs or production facilities in the field, the facilities
for transportation of Natural Gas from the field, and the
Indonesian Facilities.

     1.55 Seller's Suppliers
          In respect of a portion of the LNG to be delivered from
the Arun Facility, Mobil; and in respect of a portion of the LNG to
be delivered from the Badak Facility, Huffco Group; and any
successors and assignees of the aforesaid suppliers, who shall have
agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations of their
respective assignors under the applicable supply agreement with
Seller.

     1.56 Standard Cubic Foot of Gas (scf)
          The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor,
occupying a volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a temperature of
60oF and at an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch.
     1.57 Substitute LNG Tanker
          An LNG Tanker other than a Dedicated Vessel.
     1.58 Take-or-Pay Quantity
          As defined in Section 7.5.

     1.59 Take-or-Pay Transportation Amount
          As defined in Section 7.3(e).

     1.60 Transportation Agreement
          Transportation Agreement made as of September 23, 1973
between Pertamina and Burmah Gas Transport Limited (as successor to
Burmast East Shipping Corporation), as amended by Amendment No.1
dated as of August 31, 1976, Amendment No.2 dated as of November
28, 1979, and Amendment No.3 dated as of May 27, 1981 (and
including any further amendment that may be agreed pursuant to
Section 4.1(b)), under which Transporter is obligated to furnish
LNG Tankers to transport all LNG to be sold and delivered
hereunder.

     1.61 Transportation Element
          As defined in Section 8.1.

     1.62 Transportation Related Amount
          As defined in Section 4.5(c).

     1.63 Transporter
          Burmah Gas Transport Limited which has contracted with
Seller to provide transportation pursuant to the Transportation
Agreement as required by Section 4.1.


     1.64 Unloading Ports
          The ports at locations in or near Nagoya, Osaka, Himeji
and Kita-Kyushu, and at such other locations in Japan as may be
agreed between Seller and Buyers, where the Receiving Facilities
are or will be constructed.

                      ARTICLE 2 - SALES AND PURCHASE

     Seller agrees to sell and deliver, and each Buyer agrees to
purchase, receive and pay for, and to pay for if not taken, LNG, in
the quantities and at the price and in accordance with the other
terms and conditions set forth in this Contract.

                       ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

     The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and
delivered hereunder is to be produced from Contract Area "B" in
Sumatra, Indonesia, which is covered by the Mobil production
sharing contract referred to below, and from the Badak field
located in that area of East Kalimantan, Indonesia, covered by
the Huffco Group production sharing contract referred to below.
     Seller represents that the production of Natural Gas from
said Contract Area "B' is governed by a production sharing
contract between Seller and Mobil, as contractor, and that the
production of Natural Gas from the said area of East Kalimantan
is governed by a production sharing contract between Seller and
the Huffco Group, as contractor.  Under each of such production
sharing contracts, the contractor is entitled to a share of
production, subject to adjustment to give effect to the
contractor cost-recovery provisions thereof, and Seller is
entitled to the balance of such production.
     Seller further represents that Seller has the right to sell
all of the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered hereunder. 
In this connection, Seller represents that it has executed supply
agreements with Mobil and the Huffco Group under which Mobil and
the Huffco Group have each made available, for sale and delivery
hereunder, their respective interests in the quantities of the
LNG covered by this Contract to be delivered from the Arun
Facility and the Badak Facility.

                 ARTICLE 4 - TRANSPORTATION AND UNLOADING

     4.1  Transportation Agreement
          (a)  Seller shall be responsible for the continuous
transportation from the Indonesian Facilities to the Receiving
Facilities of the LNG to be sold and delivered hereunder, and for
this purpose Seller shall take all appropriate steps to secure
full and complete performance by Transporter of its obligations
under the Transportation Agreement.  In order to fulfill its
responsibilities for transportation of LNG under this Contract,
Seller has arranged with Transporter in the Transportation
Agreement for Transporter to make time charter or other
arrangements for Substitute LNG Tankers.  Seller, after
consultation with Buyers, may employ other LNG Tankers meeting
the requirements of this Contract.  However, in the event
additional or replacement LNG Tankers are needed for purposes of
this Contract because of unavailability of LNG Tankers from
Transporter or loss of an LNG Tanker already in service, then
Buyers may offer to Seller other available LNG Tankers.

     Each LNG Tanker shall have the following general
specifications:

     LNG Tanker Capacity                     : about 125,000
                                               cubic meters
     Total Deadweight                        : about 64,000 long
                                               tons
     Length Overall                          : about 936 feet
     Beam Extreme                            : about 144 feet
     Design Draft fully laden in salt water  : about 36 feet - 1
                                               inch

     All Substitute LNG Tankers shall be compatible with the
Receiving Facilities, unless such limitation is mutually waived
by Seller and Buyers.

     (b)  If the Transportation Agreement is amended or
terminated in whole or in part, or if for any other reason new
and/or additional transportation arrangements are required to
fulfill Seller's responsibility for transportation of LNG
hereunder, such amended, new and/or additional transportation
arrangements shall be concluded with the agreement of Seller and
Buyers.  Seller shall permit Buyers to participate in
negotiations related thereto.  Any decisions by Seller relating
to the use of Substitute LNG Tankers contemplated by the
Transportation Agreement shall be made with the agreement of
Seller and Buyers, which agreement will not be unreasonably
withheld by either Seller or Buyers.

     (c)  Seller shall use its best efforts to cause Transporter
to take such actions as are reasonably required by Japanese
authorities to evidence responsibility for safe operation of LNG
Tankers in accordance with the letter of the vessel operator
addressed to Japanese port authorities in connection with
permission for LNG Tankers to enter into Unloading Ports ("Safety
Pledge Letter").  Seller shall ensure that Transporter will
arrange for such number and types of fireboats and escort vessels
as are required by the Japanese authorities to attend the LNG
Tankers so as to permit safe and efficient movement of the LNG
Tanker within the maritime safe areas located in the approaches
to and from the Unloading Ports.  The cost of such fireboats and
escort vessels shall be included in the Operating Costs of the
Dedicated Vessels and for other LNG Tankers shall be reimbursed
as part of the Transportation Element.

     4.2  Notices of LNG Tanker Movements and Characteristics of
LNG Cargoes
          (a)  With respect to each cargo of LNG to be delivered
hereunder, Seller shall give, or cause the Master of the LNG
Tanker to give, to the Buyer at the Receiving Facility at which
such cargo is to be delivered, the following notices:

               (i)  A first notice which shall be sent upon the
                    departure of the LNG Tanker from a Loading
                    Port and which shall set forth the time and
                    date that loading was completed, the volume,
                    expressed in cubic meters, of LNG loaded on
                    board the LNG Tanker, and the estimated time
                    of arrival of the LNG Tanker at Buyer's
                    Unloading Port;

               (ii) A second notice which shall be sent
                    ninety-six (96) hours prior to the estimated
                    time of arrival of the LNG Tanker at the
                    Unloading Port;

               (iii)     A third notice which shall be sent
                         forty-eight (48) hours prior to the
                         estimated time of arrival of the LNG
                         Tanker at the Unloading Port;

               (iv) A fourth notice which shall be sent
                    twenty-four (24) hours prior to the estimated
                    time of arrival of the LNG Tanker at the
                    Unloading Port;

               (v)  A final notice which shall be sent five (5)
                    hours prior to the estimated time of arrival
                    of the LNG Tanker at the Unloading Port; and

               (vi) A Notice of Readiness which shall be given at
                    the time prescribed in Section 4.4 (b) below.
          (b)  Within thirty-six (36) hours after departure of
each LNG Tanker from a Loading Port, Seller shall notify Buyer,
for Buyer's information only, of the following characteristics of
the LNG comprising its cargo as determined at the time of
loading:
          (i)  the Gross Heating Value per unit, and
          (ii) the molecular percentage of hydrocarbon components
               and nitrogen.

     4.3  Obligations of Buyers at Unloading Ports
          Each Buyer shall cooperate with Transporter or its
agent and the
Master of each LNG Tanker directed to an Unloading Port to insure
the continuous and efficient delivery of LNG hereunder.  Each
Buyer shall provide a safe berth for prompt berthing of LNG
Tankers at its Receiving Facility and shall operate the Receiving
Facility, or ensure that it is operated, so as to permit
discharge of the cargo of each LNG Tanker as quickly as possible. 
During discharge of each cargo of LNG, Buyer shall return to the
LNG Tanker natural gas in such quantities as are necessary for
the safe unloading of the LNG at such rates, pressures and
temperatures as may be required by the LNG Tanker design.

     4.4  Demurrage at Unloading Ports
          (a)  In the event used laytime exceeds allowed laytime
in unloading an LNG Tanker, as provided in paragraph (b) below,
Buyer shall pay to Seller, or for Seller's account if so directed
by Seller, demurrage calculated at an initial daily rate of
U.S.$58,007 or prorated for a portion of a day, subject to
adjustment as provided below, except that the demurrage rate for
Substitute LNG Tankers shall be calculated to reflect the actual
demurrage costs of such Substitute LNG Tankers as agreed by
Seller and Buyers.  The amount to be paid for demurrage shall be
adjusted at the time the Transportation Element is adjusted to
reflect changes in Operating Costs in accordance with the
following formula:
     U.S.$ 58,007 (Escalating) = U.S.$ 48,154.20
     + U.S.$ 3,764.71 x (Crew + Stores + Subsistence)*
                                   1,280,000 U.S.S/Yr.

     + U.S.$ 4,323.53 x Insurance*
                               1,470,000 U.S.$/Yr.

     + U.S.$ 1,764.71 x Maintenance and Repairs*
                               600,000 U.S.$/Yr.

Whenever Seller receives notice from Transporter that the
demurrage rate has been adjusted as contemplated above, Seller
shall promptly send a copy of such notice to each Buyer together
with a statement certified by a firm of certified public
accountants or other appropriate documentation of the calculation
of such adjustment.  The adjusted demurrage rate shall become
effective on the date the corresponding Transportation Element
adjustment becomes effective and shall not apply to any demurrage
incurred prior to the date of effectiveness of such adjustment.

     (b)  Laytime to be allowed at each Unloading Port at which
the LNG Tanker discharges LNG being delivered hereunder shall be
thirty-six (36) consecutive hours extended by any period of delay
which is caused by:

          (i)  reasons attributable to Seller, the LNG Tanker or
     its Master, crew, owner or operator;

          (ii) force majeure as defined in Article 15; provided,
     however, that delays resulting from the application of
     safety regulations or similar governmental action shall not
     be considered as an event of force majeure for the purposes
     hereof; or

          (iii)     "Adverse Weather Conditions", which for
     purposes hereof means weather and/or sea conditions actually
     experienced at the Unloading Port which are sufficiently
     severe either: (A) to prevent all LNG Tankers from
     proceeding to berth, discharging or departing from berth in
     accordance with the weather standards prescribed in the
     M.S.A. standard published regulations, including the Safety
     Pledge Letters, or (B) to cause an actual determination by
     the Master that it is unsafe for the LNG Tanker to berth,
     discharge or depart from berth.  The period of delay to an
     LNG Tanker caused by Adverse Weather Conditions shall not be
     considered to extend past the time during which such Adverse
     Weather Conditions actually prevailed except where
     additional delay is caused by the occupation of the berth by
     another LNG Tanker.

     Upon arrival of each LNG Tanker at the agreed location off
     each Unloading Port, and subject to any mutually agreed time
     restrictions, the Master of the LNG Tanker or its agent
     shall give Notice of Readiness to Buyer or its agent that
     such LNG Tanker is ready to discharge LNG, berth or no
     berth.  Laytime shall commence upon receipt of Notice of
     Readiness and shall continue to run until the LNG Tanker
     clears the Unloading Port (i.e., when leaving the Unloading
     Port passes the agreed position for tendering Notice of
     Readiness).  From used laytime calculated as above shall be
     deducted all Inward Steaming Time and all Outward Steaming
     Time.

          For the purposes of this paragraph (b):

          (A)  "Inward Steaming Time" shall mean the total time
     elapsed between Notice of Readiness and "all fast" in berth,
     minus the period of any delay or stoppage that prevents the
     forward movement of the LNG Tanker to the berth if and to
     the extent the total of all such delays or stoppages exceeds
     six (6) hours, and

          (B)  "Outward Steaming Time" shall mean the total of
     all hours between the disconnection of the discharge and
     return lines and the LNG Tanker clearing the Unloading Port,
     minus the period(s) of any delay or stoppage that prevents
     the outward movement of the LNG Tanker.
                                     
          Any delay caused to an LNG Tanker by quarantine at an
Unloading Port (except that related to the presence aboard or
processing of refugees picked up by the LNG Tanker) shall count
as used laytime.

     4.5  Effect of Unloading Port Delays: Transportation Costs

          (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11.1, if
the Gross Heating Value of LNG to be delivered hereunder is
higher than the limits set forth in Section 11.1 by reason of
boil-off occurring during a delay in unloading an LNG Tanker of
more than forty-eight (48) hours after Notice of Readiness has
been given, such LNG shall be deemed to have met the quality
specifications of this Contract regarding Gross Heating Value.
          (b)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
commencement of unloading, for reasons other than force majeure
affecting Buyer's Receiving Facility or such LNG Tanker and other
than the fault of the LNG Tanker, its Master, crew, owner or
operator, and if, as a result thereof, the commencement of
unloading is delayed beyond thirty (30) hours after Notice of
Readiness has been given, then for each full hour by which
commencement of unloading is delayed beyond such thirty-hour
period, Buyer shall pay Seller an amount, on account of excess
boil-off equal to the Contract Sales Price multiplied by the
number of MMBTUs per hour by which such boil-off reduces the
aggregate number of BTUs of a full cargo at berth.  The hourly
BTU reduction rate to be applied for such purpose shall be
determined by actual boil-off experience as determined at
appropriate intervals.
          (c)  For purposes of this paragraph (c), the following
amounts shall each be called a "Transportation Related Amount":

               (i)  Any amount due from Seller to Transporter
                    pursuant to Section 5.2.(b)(xii) of the
                    Transportation Agreement relating to the last
                    Annual Accounting Period under the
                    Transportation Agreement;

               (ii) Any amount due from Seller to Transporter on
                    account of non-utilization of an LNG Tanker
                    caused by an event or circumstance of force
                    majeure affecting a Buyer during the first
                    ninety (90) days from the commencement
                    thereof.  Such amounts shall not exceed, on a
                    daily basis, the daily demurrage rate set
                    forth in Section 4.4(a) (as escalated and in
                    effect during the period of LNG Tanker non-
                    utilization); and

               (iii)     Any amount due from Seller to
                         Transporter on account of
                         non-utilization of an LNG Tanker caused
                         by an event or circumstance of force
                         majeure affecting a Buyer during any
                         portion in excess of one hundred and
                         eighty (180) days.  However, such
                         amounts shall: (A) not exceed, on a
                         daily basis, the Transporter's
                         unamortized Financing Costs (prorated on
                         a daily basis) falling due from time to
                         time after such 180th day of
                         non-utilization, and (B) include only
                         amounts payable for each day of
                         non-utilization of the LNG Tanker which
                         precedes the day the circumstance of
                         Buyer force majeure has ended, or the
                         day Transporter's unamortized Financing
                         Costs have been fully paid, whichever is
                         earlier.

     A Transportation Related Amount under either clause (ii) or
(iii) above shall be adjusted downward to reflect any credits to
Seller for other revenues earned by the LNG Tanker during the
period of force majeure.

          A Transportation Related Amount shall not include any
amount which becomes payable to Transporter:
 
     (A)  as the result of an event or circumstance of force
     majeure affecting Seller;

     (B)  as the result of Seller's breach of its obligations
under this Contract; or


     (C)  by reason of non-utilization of an LNG Tanker caused by
          the fault or negligence of such LNG Tanker or the
          Transporter, including, but not limited to, the failure
          of Transporter to satisfy Japanese authorities in
          connection with permission for LNG Tankers to enter
          into Unloading Ports as required pursuant to Section
          4.1(c).
     If and to the extent that a Transportation Related Amount
has not been paid and is not payable to Seller as part of the
Transportation Element or under any provisions of this Contract,
the Buyer(s) responsible therefor shall pay such Transportation
Related Amount to Seller.

     Unless otherwise instructed in writing by Buyers, the total
of any lump sum payments due under Section 5.2.(b) (xii) of the
Transportation Agreement shall be apportioned among and paid by
each of the Buyers concerned in the respective proportions that
each Buyer's Fixed Quantities bear to the aggregate Fixed
Quantities of all concerned Buyers during the last Annual
Accounting Period.

     In connection with each payment due under this paragraph
(c), Seller shall furnish to Buyer such available accounting and
other data as may reasonably be required by Buyer to establish
the basis upon which and the manner in which the amount of such
payment is calculated.

     Seller shall invoice Buyer for payments under clauses (ii)
and (iii) above every seven (7) days and such invoice shall be
due and payable in accordance with Section 10.3).

     Seller shall pay to the Buyers any amounts paid to Seller by
Transporter pursuant to Section 5.2.(b) (xii) of the
Transportation Agreement relating to the last Annual Accounting
Period thereunder.  Unless otherwise instructed in writing by
Buyers, such payment shall be apportioned among and paid to each
of the Buyers concerned in the respective proportions that each
Buyer's Fixed Quantities bear to the aggregate Fixed Quantities
of all concerned Buyers during the last Annual Accounting Period.

                      ARTICLE 5 - ON-SHORE FACILITIES

     5.1  Receiving Facilities

Each Buyer shall ensure, at no cost to Seller, that its Receiving
Facilities shall be compatible with the general specifications of
the LNG Tankers as provided for in Section 4.1(a) and shall include
the following:
          A.   Berthing facilities capable of receiving LNG Tankers
     having an overall length of up to 950 feet, a beam of up to
     150 feet and a draft of up to 36 feet 6 inches, which the LNG
     Tankers can always safely reach, fully laden, and safely
     depart, and at which the LNG Tankers can lie safely berthed
     and discharge safely afloat at all times.

          B.   Unloading facilities capable of receiving LNG at a
     rate which will permit the discharging of cargo from a fully
     loaded LNG Tanker within twelve (12) hours of pumping time at
     the full pumping rate specified by the LNG Tanker design.

          C.   A vapor return line system of sufficient capacity to
     transfer to the LING Tankers quantities of natural gas
     necessary for the safe unloading of LNG at such rates,
     pressures and temperatures as may be required by the LNG
     Tanker design.

          D.   Systems for timely provision of the LNG Tankers with
     adequate fresh water and bunker oil, if necessary.

          E.   Facilities allowing access to the LNG Tankers from
     onshore adequate for the handling and delivery of ship's
     stores, provisions and spare parts to the LNG Tankers.

          F.   Shore-based tanks and loading lines for liquid
     nitrogen adequate to service the LNG Tankers.

          G.   LNG storage tanks of adequate capacity to receive
     and store a full cargo of LNG upon each scheduled arrival of
     an LNG Tanker.

          H.   Appropriate systems for necessary radio
     communications with LNG Tankers.


          I.   Regasification plant.

     5.2  Indonesian Facilities

          Seller shall ensure, at no cost to Buyers, that the
Indonesian Facilities shall include the following:

          A.   Natural Gas transmission pipelines for the delivery
     to the liquefaction plants of Natural Gas for processing into
     LNG.

          B.   LNG processing facilities of sufficient capacity to
     process Natural Gas into the LNG to be sold and delivered
     hereunder.

          C.   LNG storage tanks of adequate capacity for the
     storage of quantities of LNG for subsequent loading on to LNG
     Tankers.

          D.   Berthing facilities capable of receiving LNG Tankers
     having an overall length of up to 950 feet, a beam of up to
     150 feet and a draft of up to 36 feet 6 inches, which the LNG
     Tankers can always safely reach, fully laden, and safely
     depart, and at which the LNG Tankers can lie safely berthed
     and load safely afloat at all times.


          E.   Loading facilities capable of loading LNG at a rate
     which will permit the full loading of an LNG Tanker within
     twelve (12) hours of pumping time.

          F.   Facilities allowing access to the LNG Tankers from
     onshore adequate for the handling and delivery of ship's
     stores, provisions, liquid nitrogen and spare parts to the LNG
     Tankers.

          G.   Appropriate systems for necessary radio
     communications with LNG Tankers.
                     ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

     The terms of this Contract shall continue in effect until the
expiration of the parties' respective obligations to sell and
purchase LNG as provided in Article 7 or the earlier termination of
this Contract pursuant to Section 10.5. If Seller and any Buyer or
Buyers so agree at least five (5) years before the time this
Contract would otherwise expire, the term of this Contract as to
such Buyer or Buyers may be extended on such terms and conditions
as may be mutually agreed.

                          ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

     7.1  Required Deliveries
          (a)  During each calendar year or portion thereof
     specified below (each such period being called a "Fixed
     Quantity Period"), Seller shall sell and deliver to each
     Buyer, and each Buyer shall purchase, receive and pay for, or
     pay for if not taken, at the Contract Sales Price, a quantity
     of LNG having a heating value as specified for such Buyer for
     such Fixed Quantity Period (each such quantity being called a
     "Fixed Quantity") as follows:<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     CALENDAR    FIXED QUANTITY                            FIXED QUANTITIES FOR
EACH BUYER
     YEAR         PERIOD                                        (Billions of BTUs)     
                                                                                                                    

   
                        
                              CHUBU     KANSAI    KYUSHU    NIPPON    OSAKA     TOHO

    TOTAL
                              ELECTRIC  ELECTRIC  ELECTRIC  STEEL     GAS       GAS   

           

     <S>                      <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      
<C>       <C>                 
     1977 Oct. 18-Dec. 31     6,079.70  1,957.78  1,641.03  1,547.77  7,081.48       -   
18,307.76
     1978 Full Year             54,792  29,389    37,149    29,387    39,741         -   
190,458
     1979 Full Year             71,650  67,459    69,063    30,293    45,801         -   
284,266
     1980 Full Year             87,848  108,520   77,516    31,004    54,260         -   
359,148
     1981 Full Year             87,850  124,023   77,515    31,006    59,427         -   
379,821
     1982 Full Year             87,850  124,023   77,515    31,006    67,179         -   
387,573
     1983 Full Year            117,050  141,543   83,355    31,006    67,179         -   
440,133
1984-1986 Each Full Year       117,050  132,783   86,275    31,006    67,179         -   
434,293
1987-1997 Each Full Year       111,210  132,783   80,435    28,066    67,179     2,940   
422,613
     1998 Full Year            111,210  132,783   80,435         -    67,179     2,940   
394,547
     1999 Full Year            111,210  132,783        -         -    67,179         -    311,172


/TABLE
<PAGE>
     The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 7.3 (a).  After giving effect to any such
adjustment the term "Fixed Quantity" shall mean the applicable
Fixed Quantity as so adjusted, and the respective obligations of
Seller to sell and deliver, and each Buyer to purchase, receive
and pay for, or pay for if not taken, Fixed Quantities of LNG in
any Fixed Quantity Period, shall apply to the applicable Fixed
Quantities as so adjusted.
     (b)  In the event Seller is able to obtain an extension of
Dedicated Vessel availability, Seller shall so advise each Buyer
and, if Seller and Buyer mutually agree in writing, additional
Fixed Quantity Periods for such Buyer may be designated to
continue during such extended Dedicated Vessel availability. 
During such additional Fixed Quantity Periods, Seller shall sell
and deliver and such Buyer shall purchase, receive and pay for,
or pay for if not taken, at the Contract Sales Price, such
quantities of LNG as shall have been designated as Fixed
Quantities for such Fixed Quantity Periods by mutual agreement of
Seller and Buyer.
     7.2  Single-Port Cargoes: Reallocation of Cargoes: Rate of
Deliveries
     (a)  All deliveries of LNG by Seller and receipt thereof by
a Buyer shall be made in fully loaded LNG Tanker lots comprised
solely of LNG from the Arun Facility or the Badak Facility and,
except as provided in paragraph (c) below, each LNG Tanker shall
be unloaded at a single Receiving Facility in Japan.

          (b) Each Buyer, upon appropriate notice to Seller,
may reallocate all of an LNG Tanker cargo from one Buyer to
another Buyer and/or from one Receiving Facility to another, and
also may reallocate any part of an LNG Tanker cargo from one
Buyer to another within one Receiving Facility.
     In case of such reallocation, the ownership of such cargo
or part thereof shall be transferred directly from Seller to the
new Buyer in place of the original Buyer, but the respective
Fixed Quantities of the Buyers concerned shall not be changed and
the cargo in question shall be deemed to be received by the
original Buyer in connection with its take or pay obligations
under Section 7.3(a).
     Each such reallocation shall be documented in a form to be
established by Seller and Buyers, executed by the original Buyer
and the Buyer which will actually receive the cargo, which
document will provide that the receiving Buyer will assume and be
responsible to Seller for performance of the obligations of the
original Buyer in respect of such cargo, and that such cargo is
deemed to be taken by the original Buyer in connection with its
take or pay obligations under Section 7.3(a).
     Buyers will exercise the right to reallocate cargoes in a
manner that will not materially disrupt the shipping schedules.

     (c)  In addition to paragraph (b) above, upon reasonable
advance notice to Seller from the Buyer concerned, in case of
emergency, Seller and Buyers may reallocate all or any part of an
LNG Tanker cargo from one Receiving Facility to another, if such
change would not materially disrupt the shipping schedules.

     (d)  Within each Fixed Quantity Period the quantities to be
delivered by Seller and received by each Buyer from the
Indonesian Facilities shall be delivered at rates and intervals
and in quantities which are reasonably constant over the course
of such Fixed Quantity Period and give effect to the maintenance,
downtime and shipping schedules provided for in Article 12, so as
to assure, as nearly as possible, continuous full utilization of
the LNG Tankers, even production rates of each of the Indonesian
Facilities, and even rates of deliveries at each Buyer's
Receiving Facility.
     7.3  Buyer's Obligation to Take or Pay
     (a)  If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, any Buyer should
fail to take the full Fixed Quantity applicable thereto, such
Buyer shall pay Seller, at the Contract Sales Price in effect as
of the last day of such Fixed Quantity Period, for the quantities
of LNG required to be purchased but which were not taken by such
Buyer during such Fixed Quantity Period (any such quantity
deficiency being called a "Quantity Deficiency"), subject,
however, to paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) below and the following:

     (i)  If, after taking into account all adjustments provided
          for in this Section 7.3 including any Allowance that
          has been exercised, there remains a Quantity Deficiency
          for a Buyer at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period,
          such Buyer may carry forward and add to the Fixed
          Quantity for the next succeeding Fixed Quantity Period:
          (A) the full amount when such Quantity Deficiency
              amounts to less than a full LNG Tanker cargo lot;
              or

          (B) any fractional portion of a cargo when the
              Quantity Deficiency exceeds one fall LNG Tanker
              cargo lot.
     
          Amounts so carried forward shall not be included in
          such Quantity Deficiency.
     (ii) If, at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period, a
          Buyer has purchased and received quantities of
          LNG hereunder in excess of the Fixed Quantity of
          such Buyer for such Fixed Quantity Period other
          than Make-Up LNG, Make-Good LNG, or Restoration
          Quantities, the excess shall be applicable to
          reduce the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for the
          next succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.
     (b)  The obligation (set forth in paragraph (a) above) of
each Buyer with regard to any Fixed Quantity Period to pay for
Fixed Quantities not taken shall be reduced by the quantity of
LNG which such Buyer was unable to purchase because of an event
of force majeure as defined in Article 15 affecting either Seller
or such Buyer or because of Seller's failure for any other reason
to make such quantity available for sale in accordance with this
Contract.
     (c)  In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by Seller
and purchased by a Buyer for each Fixed Quantity Period,
quantities delivered and purchased within the first seven (7)
days of the next following Fixed Quantity Period shall be
included, provided such quantities were scheduled in the Annual
Program for the Fixed Quantity Period with respect to which the
calculation is being made.
     (d)  The obligation of a Buyer pursuant to paragraph (a)
above to pay for quantities not taken may be reduced by the
exercise of an Allowance as follows:

          (i) Each Allowance must be exercised by notice in
              writing given to Seller by Buyers' Coordinator,
              which will act as agent for Buyers in connection
              with the exercise of all Allowances.  A notice of
              the exercise of an Allowance given by Buyers'
              Coordinator shall be deemed to have both the
              authority of the Buyer on whose behalf it is
              expressed to be given (the "Exercising Buyer")
              and the consent of all other Buyers.  No
              purported direct exercise of an Allowance by a
              Buyer shall be valid.  A notice of exercise of an
              Allowance must be received by Seller on or before
              January 12 of the year following the Fixed
              Quantity Period in respect of which such
              Allowance is exercised.

          (ii)      Each notice of exercise of an Allowance shall
                    specify the ExercisingBuyer and the quantity of
                    LNG by which such Buyer's obligation to take
                    and/or pay during the relevant Fixed Quantity
                    Period is to be reduced.

          (iii)     No Allowance can be exercised which would
                    result in the aggregate Allowances then
                    outstanding for all Buyers being in excess of
                    21,131 billion BTUs; provided, however, that,
                    without accelerating the Make-Good Obligation
                    for any Allowance(s) exercised in an earlier
                    year, the limit on aggregate Allowances
                    outstanding for all Buyers shall be reduced
                    during the 1998 and 1999 Fixed Quantity
                    Periods to five percent (5%) of the total
                    Fixed Quantities for all Buyers for the
                    relevant of such Fixed Quantity Periods. 
                    Subject to the provisions of subparagraph
                    (viii) below, an Allowance (or portion
                    thereof) is outstanding until either the
                    Make-Good Obligation pursuant to subparagraph
                    (iv) below is satisfied, or payment in
                    respect thereof is made pursuant to
                    subparagraph (vi) below.

          (iv)      Each Allowance shall be made good in full (even
                    if it amounts to a fractional portion of a full
                    cargo lot) by the purchase of an equal quantity
                    of LNG excess of Fixed Quantities ("Make-Good
                    LNG") within a period  ("Allowance Restoration
                    Period") commencing January 1 of the year
                    following the Fixed Quantity Period in relation
                    to which such Allowance was exercised and ending
                    with the earlier of the expiration of five (5)
                    calendar years or the expiration of three (3)
                    months following the end of the last Fixed
                    Quantity Period for the Buyer concerned.  No
                    Buyer may satisfy a Make-Good Obligation or any
                    part thereof during a Fixed Quantity Period until
                    it shall first have taken its Fixed Quantity for
                    such Fixed Quantity Period.  If a Buyer has more
                    than one Allowance outstanding the Make-Good
                    Obligations in respect thereof shall be satisfied
                    in the same chronological order in which such
                    Allowances were exercised.  One or more Buyers
                    may satisfy the Make-Good Obligation with respect
                    to an Allowance exercised by another Buyer.

          (v) Every request for Make-Good LNG shall be made by
              Buyers' Coordinator on behalf of a named Buyer in
              accordance with Section 12.1 and shall specify
              the Allowance to which it relates.  Each such
              request shall be deemed to have the authority of
              the named Buyer and, if the named Buyer is not
              the Fxercising Buyer, of the Exercising Buyer.

          (vi)      If at the expiration of the Allowance Restoration
                    Period a Make-Good Obligation has not been
                    satisfied in full, the Exercising Buyer (whether
                    or not a Buyer other than the Exercising Buyer
                    was named in any relevant request for Make-Good
                    LNG) shall pay for any unsatisfied portion of the
                    Make-Good Obligation at the Contract Sales Price
                    in effect as of the last day of such Allowance
                    Restoration Period.  The Buyer shall have the
                    right to request Make-Up LNG pursuant to Section
                    7.5 with respect to any such payment.

          (vii)     Seller shall not be obligated to reserve any
                    LNG production or shipping capacity for the
                    purposes of permitting Buyers to satisfy
                    Make-Good Obligations.

          (viii)    In the event that Buyers' Coordinator
                    requests quantities of LNG to satisfy a
                    Make-Good Obligation on behalf of a Buyer or
                    Buyers which Seller is unable to make
                    available for any reason, including force
                    majeure, the following provisions shall
                    apply:

              (A)   The Exercising Buyer shall be relieved from
                    the obligation pursuant to subparagraph (vi)
                    above to pay for such requested quantities as
                    of the expiration of the Allowance
                    Restoration Period relating thereto, except
                    in the case where subparagraph (viii)(C)
                    below requires such payment;

              (B)   Such requested quantities shall be deemed not
                    outstanding for the purposes of subparagraph
                    (iii) above until Seller shall (whether
                    during or after the Allowance Restoration
                    Period) have offered the same to such Buyer
                    but shall then be outstanding if such Buyer
                    does not accept such offer; any change in the
                    quantity outstanding due to a failure to
                    accept such an offer shall not result in an
                    acceleration of any then outstanding
                    Make-Good Obligations; and

              (C)   Such requested quantities shall be scheduled
                    for delivery at any time prior to the
                    expiration of three (3) months following the
                    last Fixed Quantity Period for the Buyer
                    having the Make-Good Obligation as mutually
                    agreed by Seller and such Buyer.  If such
                    requested quantities have not been scheduled
                    as of the end of the last Fixed Quantity
                    Period and should Seller be unable to deliver
                    such requested quantities during the three
                    (3) months following the last Fixed Quantity
                    Period, Buyer shall have no further
                    obligation in respect thereof.   If Seller
                    gives Buyer reasonable notice that such
                    requested quantities are available during
                    such three-month period but Buyer does not
                    take such quantities, Buyer shall then make
                    the payment required under subparagraph (vi)
                    above.
     (e)  (i) The Transportation Element of the Contract Sales
              Price payable for quantities required to be paid
              for but not taken pursuant to paragraph (a) above
              (the "Take-or-Pay Transportation Amount") shall
              be reduced by an amount equal to the demurrage
              payments made by such Buyer during such calendar
              year under Section 4.4(a) if and to the extent
              that corresponding demurrage payments by Seller
              under Section 9.1 of the Transportation Agreement
              result in a credit against the Required Minimum
              Payment by Seller for such calendar year under
              Section 4.2.(e) of the Transportation Agreement.

          (ii)      To the extent the amount of demurrage allowable
                    to reduce the Take-or-Pay Transportation Amount
                    for any Buyer under paragraph (i) above exceeds
                    the Take-or-Pay Transportation Amount of such
                    Buyer, such excess shall be allocated among those
                    Buyers that have a Take-or-Pay Transportation
                    Amount remaining after the application of
                    paragraph (i) above in proportion to each such
                    Buyer's share of the total remaining obligation
                    to pay Take-or-Pay Transportation Amounts and, as
                    so allocated can be used by such Buyers to
                    further reduce their respective Take-or-Pay
                    Transportation Amounts.

     7.4  Allocation of Deliveries between Buyers and Other
     Purchasers
     (a)  Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller under this
     Contract must be reduced by reason of an event or
     circumstance of force majeure as defined in Article 15
     affecting Seller's ability to produce or load LNG from
     either the Arun Facility or the Badak Facility, an
     allocation of quantities then available for sale from the
     Indonesian Facility so affected will be made between Buyers
     and other purchasers of LNG from such Indonesian Facility. 
     At such times the total quantities available for sale from
     such Indonesian Facility shall be allocated among the
     purchasers therefrom (including the Buyers) pro rata in the
     ratio of their respective quantities which are eligible for
     allocation as provided below.  The quantities eligible for
     such allocation shall, as to Buyers, be the portion of the
     Fixed Quantities to be purchased hereunder during the
     period of such force majeure from such Indonesian Facility
     so affected (such portion to be determined by multiplying
     the Fixed Quantities for such period by the percentage of
     the total quantities scheduled for delivery in the Annual
     Program for the Fixed Quantity Period during which the
     event or circumstance of force majeure first occurred which
     are to be delivered from the Indonesian Facility so
     affected) and, as to other purchasers, be those fixed or
     contract quantities of LNG which are committed for sale
     from such Indonesian Facility so affected during the period
     of such force majeure in satisfaction of Seller's contracts
     with other purchasers which provide for sales of LNG from
     such Indonesian Facility over a term of at least fifteen
     (15) years.
          (b) If such an event of force majeure does not
     preclude full production and loading of all Fixed
     Quantities under the allocation formula described in
     paragraph (a) above, but is of such an extent as to prevent
     Seller from producing and loading all Make-Up LNG,
     Make-Good LNG and Restoration Quantities scheduled for
     delivery from the Indonesian Facility so affected to Buyers
     and equivalent quantities scheduled for delivery from such
     Indonesian Facility to other purchasers under LNG sales
     contracts providing for deliveries over a term of at least
     fifteen (15) years, quantities of such LNG as are available
     shall be allocated between Buyers and such other purchasers
     in proportion to the respective quantities so scheduled.

     7.5  Take-or-Pay Make-Up
     If pursuant to Section 7.3(a) or Section 7.3(d)(vi) a Buyer
shall have paid for any quantity of LNG which was not taken by
such Buyer ("Take-or-Pay Quantity"), then in any subsequent year
the said Buyer may purchase up to an equal quantity of LNG from
Seller as make-up LNG ("Make-Up LNG") (to the extent not
previously made up).  A Buyer may request Make-Up LNG by lgiving
written notice to Seller as provided in Section 12.1. If, during
any year for which Make-Up LNG has been requested, (i) Seller has
uncommitted quantities of LNG available for such purpose, (ii)
Seller has available LNG Tanker capacity which may be used to
transport such Make-Up LNG, and (iii) such Buyer shall have first
taken and paid for its Fixed Quantity for such year, then Seller
shall sell and deliver to such Buyer the quantity of Make-Up LNG
requested; provided, however, that after the expiration of three
(3) months following the end of the last Fixed Quantity Period
for the Buyer concerned such Make-Up LNG shall only be made
available if either: Seller has at the time uncommitted shipping
capacity available for the purpose, or the Buyer provides
transportation.  A Buyer's right to purchase Make-Up LNG under
this Section 7.5 shall expire on December 31, 2000 unless such
Buyer shall have requested Make-Up LNG during the year 2000 and
Seller shall have had insufficient uncommitted LNG to meet such
request.  In such circumstances, the parties shall consult to
agree upon a deferred schedule for Buyer to take delivery of any
outstanding balance of Takeor-Pay Quantity not made up by
December 31, 2000.  Each Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG at the
Contract Sales Price in effect as of the date of delivery,
reduced by the amount previously paid on account of all or that
part of the Take-or-Pay Quantity being made up by such sale. 
Take-or-Pay Quantities shall be made up, and prior payments
applicable thereto applied, in the same chronological order in
which such quantities accrued.
     7.6  Force Majeure Deficiency
     If during any Fixed Quantity Period or Fixed Quantity
Periods all or any portion of the Fixed Quantity of LNG required
to be taken by any Buyer therein is not delivered by Seller or
taken by such Buyer by reason of force majeure as defined in
Article 15 (any such quantity not taken for such reason being
called a "Force Majeure Deficiency"), Seller and the Buyer or
Buyers concerned shall each make best efforts to restore the
Force Majeure Deficiency in full by Seller selling and the Buyer
or Buyers purchasing such quantities of LNG prior to the
expiration of the last Fixed Quantity Period for such Buyer(s)
concerned.  The restoration quantities so agreed ("Restoration
Quantities") will be scheduled for delivery pursuant to Article
12 at the mutual convenience of the parties.  Such Restoration
Quantities shall be subordinate to Make-Good LNG requested
pursuant to Section 7.3(d) and Make-Up LNG requested pursuant to
Section 7.5.
     7.7  Allocation for Make-Good LNG, Make-Up LNG and
Restoration Quantities
     Whenever Make-Good LNG is requested under Section 7.3(d),
MakeUp LNG is requested under Section 7.5 and/or Restoration
Quantities are requested under Section 7.6 by a Buyer or Buyers,
and quantities are requested for similar purposes by other
purchasers from one or both of the Indonesian Facilities under
contracts which provide for sales of LNG over a term of at least
fifteen (15) years, and uncommitted quantities of LNG are not
available from such Indonesian Facilities to meet all such
requests, then the quantities of LNG which are available from
such Indonesian Facilities for such purposes shall be allocated,
as between such Buyer or Buyers on the one hand and such other
purchasers on the other hand, based on the proportion of the
contract quantities of each requesting purchaser to the total of
the contract quantities of all of the requesting purchasers.
     7.8  Order of Priority of Make-Good LNG and Make-Up LNG
     Make-Good LNG requested under Section 7.3(d) and Make-Up
LNG requested under Section 7.5 shall be delivered in the
priority specified by Buyers' Coordinator.
                     ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE


     8.1  Formula Calculation of Price

     The initial contract sales price applicable, as of December
3, 1973, to
the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered at the Delivery
Point, and to any quantities of LNG required to be taken but
which are not taken and are required to be paid for by a Buyer
under this Contract, expressed in United States Dollars per
million British Thermal Units (U.S.S/MMBTU), shall be U.S.$1.29
(the "Initial Contract Sales Price"), of which U.S.$O.30 is the
deemed cost of transportation (the "Transportation Element") and
the balance of U.S.$O.99 is the LNG element (the "LNG Element").
     The Transportation Element and the LNG Element are subject
to adjustment from time to time according to the following
provisions of this Article 8, and the sum thereof as adjusted and
in effect at any time shall be the contract sales price (the
"Contract Sales Price") which is in effect hereunder at such
time.

     8.2  LNG Element
     The LNG Element included in the Contract Sales Price as
adjusted from time to time shall always be the higher of the two
values calculated under paragraph (a) (the "Minimum LNG Element")
and paragraph (b) (the "Market Value LNG Element") below.  Such
adjustments of the Contract Sales Price by reason of a chance in
the LNG Element shall be calculated and made at the times and in
the manner hereinafter specified:

     (a)  A Minimum LNG Element calculation shall be made
annually, as of the first day of January of each year commencing
with January 1, 1975, in accordance with the following formula:
     Pn = Po ( 1 + 0.03 )n
in which

     Pn = the Minimum LNG Element (as expressed in U.S.$/MMBTU).
     Po = the LNG Element (U.S.$O.99) included in the Initial
Contract Sales Price.
     n =  1 on January 1, 1975 and one higher whole number on
each subsequent January 1. 

If the Minimum LNG Element calculated as of any January 1 is
higher than the Market Value LNG Element (as last calculated
pursuant to paragraph (b) below, including calculation as of such
January 1), then the Contract Sales Price shall be LNG Element
therein adjusted as of such January 1 by including such Minimum
LNG Element therein as the LNG Element.

(b)  A Market Value LNG Element calculation shall be made as of
the first day of January of each year commencing with January 1,
1975, and thereafter as of each effective date on which either:
(i) the realized export prices of more than one of the field
classifications of Indonesian crude oils sold by Pertamina shall
have changed from the respective prices therefor included in the
last preceding calculation made pursuant to this paragraph (b);
or (ii) two or more field classifications of such crude oils
shall have been added to or deleted from the crude oils being
sold by Pertamina, since the date of the last preceding
calculation made pursuant to this paragraph (b); in each case
such calculation to be made in accordance with the following
formula:
     PA =  9  Po -      A      +  1  Pn
              10      U.S.$6.00      10     

in which

     PA   =   the Market Value LNG Element (as expressed in
              U.S.$/MMBTU).

     Po   =   the LNG Element (US $O.99) included in the
              Initial Contract Sales Price.

     A    =   the arithmetic average of the realized export
              prices in U.S. Dollars per barrel, f.o.b.
              Indonesia, of all Indonesian crude oils then
              being sold by Pertamina, except such prices for
              spot sales.

     Pn   =   Pn as then in effect under paragraph (a) above.

     Satisfactory procedures for verifying changes in the
realized export prices of all Indonesian crude oils shall be
agreed upon by Buyers and Seller in a separate memorandum.

     If the Contract Sales Price in effect immediately prior to
the date of such calculation of the Market Value LNG Element
would change by including such recalculated Market Value LNG
Element as the LNG Element therein, then the Contract Sales Price
shall be adjusted as of and from such date by so including such
Market Value LNG Element, provided that no such adjustment shall
use an LNG Element which is less than the Minimum LNG Element
calculated as of the January 1 which coincides with or last
precedes the date of such adjustment.
     8.3  Transportation Element.
     The Transportation Element included in the Contract Sales
Price as adjusted from time to time shall initially be the
Transportation Element included in the Initial Contract Sales
Price, as specified in Section 8.1, and shall later be as
adjusted from time to time pursuant to this Section 8.3, provided
that during any period that Substitute LNG Tankers are employed
by Transporter, the Transportation Element shall be calculated as
provided in Section 8.4. The Transportation Element will be
adjusted according to the formula set forth below, and as
adjusted will be effective as of the following dates:
     (i)  annually as of each April 1, on account of adjustment
          of Operating Costs, which adjustment is to be made
          based on a written statement of the estimated average
          per vessel Operating Costs of Dedicated Vessels; and

     (ii) as of each other date on which a Substitute LNG
          Tanker enters or leaves service if the freight
          rate payable for such Substitute LNG Tanker is
          higher or lower than the freight rate applicable
          to a Dedicated Vessel, or on which a Dedicated
          Vessel enters or leaves service if immediately
          preceding such event any such Substitute LNG
          Tanker was in service.

     Each adjustment of the Transportation Element shall be
calculated according to the following formulas:
     TEx = Tx-Y
     Tx = T(x-l) . CFx     
                    CF(x- 1)

in which:

     TEx  =   the adjusted Transportation Element (as expressed
in U.S.$/MMBTU).

     TX   =   the adjusted transportation factor (as expressed
in U.S.$/MMBTU).

     Y    =   U.S.$O.0212/MMBTU, the amount of sharing by
Seller.
     T(x-l)   =     the initial transportation factor
                    (U.S.$O.3624 in the case of the first
                    adjustment) or Tx as last determined to be
                    the adjusted transportation factor under this
                    Section 8.3 (in the case of each subsequent
                    adjustment).

     CFx  =   the total amount in U.S. Dollars which Seller is
              required to pay Transporter for transportation of
              the total quantities of LNG which, Seller and
              Transporter have agreed in Exhibit A to the
              Transportation Agreement (without prejudice to
              the right of Seller in its discretion to vary the
              proportion of the quantities of LNG to be
              delivered from the Arun Facility or the Badak
              Facility), will be shipped during the period of
              twelve (12) full calendar months which commences
              as of the date of the adjustment being calculated
              (or as of the first day of the next month, if the
              adjustment date is not the first day of the
              month), giving effect to the increased or
              decreased transportation costs per vessel which
              become effective as of the Transportation Element
              adjustment date.

     CF(x-1)   =    the total amount in U.S. Dollars which Seller
                    would have been required to pay Transporter
                    for transportation of the same total
                    quantities of LNG during the same twelve
                    month period used in CFx, if no change in
                    transportation costs per vessel had occurred
                    from the level reflected in the last
                    Transportation Element adjustment.

     As of the date of each adjustment of the Transportation
Element, the Contract Sales Price shall be adjusted by including
therein the adjusted Transportation Element.  In connection with
each adjustment of the Transportation Element, Seller shall
furnish to Buyers such available accounting and other data as may
reasonably be required by Buyers to establish the basis upon
which and the manner in which such adjustment is calculated. 
Seller shall permit Buyers to review the reasonableness of the
current year estimated Operating Costs and prior year results in
conjunction with Seller's review as provided for in the
Transportation Agreement shall use its best efforts to provide
Buyers full access to periodic review procedures of Transporter's
operation established thereunder, and, in consultation and
agreement with Buyers, shall appoint independent auditors to
audit Transporter's Operating Costs pursuant thereto.  Seller,
independently, or at Buyers' request, shall challenge the
inclusion of any unreasonable or unjustified item or amount that
affects the freight rate under the Transportation Agreement. 
Should the Transporter persist in including the challenged
amount, Seller and Buyers shall consult on the course of action
to be followed.

     8.4  Substitute LNG Tanker Adjustment

     Whenever a Substitute LNG Tanker is in service at a cost to
Seller different from the cost of a Dedicated Vessel, the
Transportation Element shall be calculated as follows:

     (A)  determine a transportation factor for each such
Substitute LNG Tanker using following formula:
     TF = Tx  . SFx    
                 CFx

     where:
     TF   =   transportation factor.

     Tx   =   the current value of Tx as calculated under
Section 8.3.

     CFx  =   the current value of CFx as calculated under
Section 8.3.

     SFx  =   the total amount in U.S. Dollars that would be
              paid if the same quantities used to calculate CFx
              were transported at the unit cost at the
              Substitute LNG Tanker, but the cost of the
              Substitute LNG Tanker shall be adjusted to
              exclude any payments by Seller related to
              non-utilization (unless caused by one or more
              Buyers) and to credit any other amounts received
              by Seller in connection with the unavailability
              of a Dedicated Vessel.

     (B)  The Transportation Element shall be determined by using
an adjusted Tx, calculated as the average of Tx determined for
Dedicated Vessels under Section 8.3 (weighted by the number of
Dedicated Vessels in service) and the transportation factor of
each Substitute LNG Tanker in service.

                       ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE

     The LNG to be sold by Seller and purchased by each Buyer
hereunder shall be delivered to such Buyer into its Receiving
Facility at an Unloading Port.  Delivery shall be deemed
completed and title and risk of loss shall pass from Seller to
such Buyer as the LNG reaches the Delivery Point.

                    ARTTCLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENTS

     10.1 Invoice and Cargo Documents
          Promptly after completion of unloading of a LNG Tanker,
Seller, or its representative, shall furnish to the receiving
Buyer, or its representative, a certificate of volume unloaded
together with such other documents concerning the cargo as may be
reasonably requested by Buyers for the purpose of Japanese
customs clearance.  The receiving Buyer shall complete laboratory
analysis to determine quality and BTU content of the LNG as soon
as possible but not later than forty-eight (48) hours after the
completion of unloading.

     Promptly upon completion of such analysis, Seller or its
representative shall by telex or telegram to the receiving Buyer
an invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars, in the amount of the Contract
Sales Price for the number of BTUs delivered.  At the same time
Seller shall send to the receiving Buyer a signed copy of the
invoice together with relevant documents setting forth the basis
for the calculation thereof.
     If the receiving Buyer has not completed the above
mentioned quality and BTU analysis within the forty-eight hour
period mentioned above, Seller may furnish a provisional
commercial invoice based upon the typical BTU content and typical
mole composition analysis of LNG then being delivered to Buyer,
and such provisional invoice shall be payable on the due date
specified in Section 10.3 subject only to any later adjusting
payment which may be called for when the aforesaid analysis has
been completed.

     10.2 Other Invoices
     In the event any amount is due from any Buyer to Seller,
including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to
Section 7.3(a) on account of Fixed Quantities of LNG required to
be purchased but which were not taken by such Buyer, Seller shall
furnish or cause to be furnished to such Buyer an invoice
therefor and relevant documents showing the basis for the
calculation thereof.  The procedure set forth in Section 10.1 for
sending a copy of such invoice by telex or telegram may be
followed.


     10.3 Invoice Due Dates, etc.
     Each invoice for LNG delivered to a Buyer referred to in
Section 10.1 shall become due and payable by such Buyer on the
fifth (5th) Business Day in Japan after the date on which the
telex/telegraphic copy of such invoice has been received by such
Buyer in Japan.  For this purpose a telex/telegraphic copy of an
invoice shall be deemed received by Buyer in Japan on the next
Business Day in Japan following the day on which it was sent.
     Each other invoice to a Buyer referred to in Section 10.2
shall become due and payable by such Buyer within twenty (20)
calendar days after the date of such Buyer's receipt of such
invoice in Japan.
     If any invoice due date is not a Business Day in Japan,
such invoice shall become due and payable on the next day which
is a Business Day in Japan.
     In the event the full amount of any invoice is not paid
when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest from the
due date until paid, at an interest rate, compounded annually,
two percent (2%) greater than the rate or rates being charged
during the period of delinquency by Citibank, N.A., New York, New
York, to its prime commercial customers for 90-day loans, except
that any portion of the invoice representing payment due
Transporter under the Transportation Agreement shall bear
interest at a rate one percent (1%) greater than such prime
commercial rate.  Such interest rates shall be adjusted up or
down as the case may be, to reflect any changes in the aforesaid
prime rate as of the dates of such changes in the prime rate.  In
the event that Citibank, N.A shall for any reason cease quoting a
prime rate as described above, then a comparable rate shall be
determined using rates then in effect and shall be used in place
of the said prime rate.
     10.4 Payment
     Each Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars
all amounts which become due and payable by such Buyer pursuant
to any invoice issued hereunder to a bank account or accounts in
the United States to be designated by Seller.  Buyer shall not be
responsible for such bank's disbursement of amounts remitted by
Buyer to such bank, and Buyer's deposit in immediately available
funds of the full amount of each invoice with such bank shall
constitute full discharge and satisfaction of the obligations
under this Contract for which such amounts were remitted.  Each
remittance from a Buyer to such bank which represents amounts
payable for LNG delivered from the Arun Facility or for LNG
required to be purchased but not taken from the Arun Facility
shall be so designated by such Buyer based on Seller's invoice at
the time of such remittance.  Each remittance from a Buyer to
such bank which represents amounts payable for LNG delivered from
the Badak Facility or for LNG required to be purchased but not
taken from the Badak Facility shall be so desipated by such Buyer
based on Seller's invoice at the time of such remittance.  Each
payment by a Buyer of any amount owing hereunder shall be in the
full amount due without reduction or offset for any reason
including without limitation Japanese taxes, exchange charges or
bank transfer charges.

     Transfer of funds to the bank in the United States effected
from Japan before the close of business in Japan on or before the
due date of any invoice shall be deemed timely payment
notwithstanding that such U.S. bank cannot credit such transfer
as ready funds for a period of up to fourteen (14) hours by
reason of the time difference between Japan and the United
States, or for one or more days which are not banking days in the
United States.

     10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyers' Failure to Make
Payment

     If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG delivered
hereunder or for Fixed Quantities of LNG not taken and for which
a Buyer is obligated to pay pursuant to this Contract is not made
within sixty (60) days after the due date thereof, Seller shall
be entitled, upon living thirty (30) days written notice to such
Buyer, to suspend subsequent deliveries to such Buyer until the
amount of such invoice and interest thereon has been paid, and
such Buyer shall not be entitled to any make-up rights in respect
of such suspended deliveries.  If any such invoice is not paid
within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the due date
thereof, then, subject to the further provisions of this Section
10.5, Seller shall have the right, at Seller's election, upon not
less than eighty (80) days notice to Buyer or Buyers, as the case
may be, to exercise either of the following options:
     (i)  Seller may terminate this Contract in respect of the
          defaulting Buyer only, in which event this Contract
          shall continue in effect between Seller and the other
          Buyers just as though the defaulting Buyer had never
          been a party and the quantities of LNG to be purchased
          and received by such defaulting Buyer had never been
          included in this Contract; or

     (ii) Seller may terminate this Contract in its
          entirety as to Buyers, unless prior to such
          termination, arrangements shall have been made
          which are satisfactory to Seller, for the payment
          of all amounts owed Seller by the defaulting
          Buyer, and for the assumption of the LNG quantity
          and other obligations of the defaulting Buyer
          under this Contract by one or more Buyer(s) not
          defaulting.

Termination by Seller under clause (i) or (ii) above shall become
effective upon receipt by each Buyer of notice from Seller to
such effect.  Any such termination shall be without prejudice to
any other rights and remedies of Seller arising hereunder or by
law or otherwise including the right of Seller to receive payment
of all obligations and claims which arose or accrued prior to
such termination or by reason of such default by a Buyer or
Buyers.

     10.6 Disputed Invoices

          In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice,
the Buyer shall
make provisional payment of the total amount thereof and shall
immediately notify Seller of the reasons for such disagreement,
except that:
     (i)  in the case of obvious error in computation Buyer shall
          pay the correct amount disregarding such error; and

     (ii) in the case of any disputed invoice for demurrage
          incurred at an Unloading Port, Buyer's
          provisional payment shall be ninety percent (90%)
          thereof or such greater amount as is not disputed
          by Buyer.

Invoices may be contested by Buyer or modified by Seller, only
if, within a period of ninety (90) days after Buyer's receipt
thereof, Buyer serves on Seller notice questioning their
correctness.  If no such notice is served, invoices shall be
deemed correct and accepted by both parties.  Promptly after
resolution of any dispute as to an invoice, the amount of any
overpayment or underpayment shall be paid by Seller or Buyer to
the other, as the case may be.

                           ARTICLE ll - QUALITY

     11.1 Gross Heating Value

          The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall have,
in gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than 1070 BTU
per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1170 BTU per Standard
Cubic Foot.  The expected range will be between 1110 and 1165 BTU
per Standard Cubic Foot.

     11.2 Components

          The LNG delivered by Seller to Buyers shall, in a
gaseous state, contain not less than eighty-five molecular
percentage (85 MOL%) of methane (CH4) and, for the components and
substances listed below, such LNG shall not contain more than the
following:

     A.   Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 MOL%.
     B.   Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 MOL%.
     C.   Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 MOL%.
     D.   Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100 Standard
Cubic Feet
          (0.25 grains/100scf).
     E.   Total sulfur content, 1.3 grains per 100 Standard Cubic
Feet (1.3 grains/100scf).

          Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyers is
permitted to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in clauses D
and E above, under normal operating conditions at the Indonesian
Facilities, Seller would expect such concentrations to be
materially less.
              ARTICLE 12 - PROGRAMMING AND SHIPPING MOVEMENTS

     12.1 Annual Programs
          (a) Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the
beginning of each calendar year, Seller shall give written notice
to Buyers of the anticipated quantities of LNG to be available
for delivery hereunder from the Arun Facility and the Badak
Facility, respectively, in each calendar quarter of the next
calendar year, taking into consideration the projected capacity
of each of such Indonesian Facilities.  On or before October 15
of each year in which such notice is given, each Buyer shall
advise Seller in writing of the quantities such Buyer wishes to
take during each calendar quarter of the following year,
specifying the amount of any Make-Up LNG requested pursuant to
Section 7.5 and any Restoration Quantities in excess of Fixed
Quantities requested pursuant to Section 7.6. In addition, by
October 15 of each year Buyers' Coordinator shall request any
Make-Good LNG pursuant to Section 7.3 (d).

     Seller and Buyers shall thereupon consult together and
agree by December 1st of the same year upon a programming
schedule of quantities to be delivered from each of such
Facilities to each Receiving Facility during each calendar  month
during the following year (the "Annual Program"), which shall
take into consideration the anticipated capacity of the parties'
respective facilities, the Coordinated Maintenance Schedule and
the shipping schedules.  Such Annual Program and the Ninety-Day
Schedules referred to below (and any revisions thereof) are
intended to assist the parties in planning their respective
operations during the periods involved.  The content of the
Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedules shall not reduce the
entitlement of any party during any Fixed Quantity Period to
sell, deliver and be paid for, or to purchase and receive, as the
case may be, the quantities of LNG required under Article 7 to be
sold, delivered and paid for during such Fixed Quantity Period. 
Seller and Buyers will each take all appropriate steps to carry
out each Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedule.

     (b)  An Annual Progam shall be amended to reflect a request
for:

          (i) Make-Good LNG relating to an Allowance exercised
              in respect of the immediately preceding year;

          (ii)      Make-Up LNG relating to a Take-or-Pay Quantity
                    paid for in respect of the immediately preceding
                    year; or

          (iii)     Restoration Quantities relating to a Force
                    Majeure Deficiency arising in respect of the
                    immediately preceding year;
provided that the requested LNG and the necessary transportation
are available and such request is received by Seller not later
than January 15 of the year to which such Annual Program relates.
     
     12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules
          Not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each
calendar month, Seller shall, after discussion with each Buyer,
deliver to each Buyer a three-month forward plan of delivery (the
"Ninety-Day Schedule"), which follows the applicable Annual
Progam as nearly as practicable and sets forth by voyages and the
projected dates thereof the pattern of shipments forecast for
each of the next three (3) calendar months.  Each Ninety-Day
Schedule shall reflect all adjustments, if any, necessitated by
deviation from prior Ninety-Day Schedules so as to maintain as
far as practicable the scheduled shipments forecast in the Annual
Program.
     
     12.3 Maintenance and Inspection Coordination
     
          Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning
of each calendar
year, Seller and Buyers shall consult and agree on a program
designed to coordinate the anticipated scheduled maintenance and
inspection downtime during that calendar year of the Receiving
Facilities of each Buyer, the anticipated scheduled downtime of
each of the Indonesian Facilities and the maintenance schedules
of the LNG Tankers.  Such program (the "Coordinated Maintenance
Schedule") will be devised so as to minimize the collective
impact of such downtime and maintenance periods on the continuous
delivery of LNG hereunder.

                    ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS AND TESTS

     13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
          Seller shall supply, operate, and maintain or cause to
be supplied, operated, and maintained suitable gauging devices
for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, density, pressure and
temperature measuring devices, and any other measurement or
testing devices which are incorporated in the structure of LNG
Tankers or customarily maintained on shipboard.
     Each Buyer shall supply, operate, and maintain, or cause to
be supplied, operated and maintained, devices required for
collecting samples and for determining quality and composition of
the LNG and any other measurement or testing devices which are
incorporated in land structures or customarily maintained at
Receiving Facilities.
     13.2 Selection of Devices

          All devices provided for in this Article 13 shall be
compatible with the
specifications of the LNG Tankers.  Such devices shall be chosen
by mutual agreement of the parties and shall be such that at the
time of selection are the most accurate and reliable devices in
their practical application.  The required degree of accuracy of
such devices selected shall be mutually agreed upon and verified
by Buyers and Seller, in advance of their use, and at the request
of either Buyer or Seller such degree of accuracy shall be
verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by such
Buyer and Seller.

     13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration

     The parties will cooperate closely in the design,
selection, and acquisition of devices to be used for measurements
and tests under this Article 13, in order that to the maximum
extent possible, all measurements and tests may be conducted
either in American units of measurement or in metric units of
measurement.  In the event that it becomes  necessary to make
measurements and tests using a new system of units of
measurement, the parties shall establish mutually agreeable
conversion tables, or, if they are unable to agree, such tables
may be established by the procedures provided for resolution of
disputes on measurement and testing in Section 13.11. Measurement
devices shall be calibrated as follows:
Measurement             American Units      Metric Units

Volume                  Cubic feet          Cubic meters

Temperature             Degrees Fahrenheit  Degrees Centigrade

Pressure                Pounds per square   Kilograms per square
                        inch or inches of   centimeter or
                        mercury             millimeters of
                                            mercury

Length                  Feet                Meters

Weight                  Pounds              Kilograms

Density                 Pounds per cubic    Kilograms per cubic
                        foot                meter


    13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers

         Seller shall provide each Buyer, or cause each Buyer to
be provided,
with a certified copy of tank gauge tables for each tank of each
LNG Tanker verified by the U.S. Bureau of Standards at Washington,
D.C., the Nippon Kaiji Kentei Kyokai (Japan Marine Surveyors and
Sworn Measurers' Association), or other competent impartial
authority mutually agreed upon by the parties.  Such tables shall
include correction tables for list, trim, tank construction, and
any other items requiring such tables for accuracy of gauging. 
Seller and Buyers shall each have the right to have
representatives present at the time each LNG tank on each LNG
Tanker is volumetrically calibrated.  If the LNG tanks of any LNG
Tanker suffer distortion of such nature as to cause a prudent
expert reasonably to question the validity of the tank gauge
tables described herein (or any subsequent calibration provided
for herein), any Buyer or Seller may require recalibration of such
LNG tanks during any period when the LNG Tanker is out of service
for scheduled inspection or repairs.  Upon recalibration of the
LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, the same procedures used to provide
the original tank gauge tables will be used to provide revised
tank gauge tables based upon the recalibration data.  The
calibration of tanks provided for in this Section 13.4 shall
constitute the only calibration required for purposes of this
Contract.

    13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered

         Volumes of LNG delivered pursuant to this Contract shall
be determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG Tankers
before and after unloading.
    Gauging the liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tankers and
measuring of liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor
pressure, and liquid density in each LNG tank, trim and list of
the LNG Tankers, and atmospheric pressure shall be performed, or
caused to be performed, by Seller before and after unloading.

    The first gauging and measurements shall be made immediately
before the commencement of unloading.  The second gauging and
measurements shall take place immediately after completion of
unloading.

    Copies of gauging and measurement records shall be furnished
to Buyer.

    A.   Gauging the Liquid Level of LNG

         The level of the LNG in each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker
shall be gauged by means of the gauging device installed in the
LNG Tanker for that purpose.  The level of the LNG in each tank
shall be logged or printed.

    B.   Determination of Temperature

         The temperature of the LNG and of the vapor space in
each cargo
tank shall be measured by Seller by means of a sufficient number
of properly located temperature measuring devices, to permit the
determination of average temperatures.  Temperatures shall be
logged or printed.

    C.   Determination of Pressure

         The pressure of the vapor in each LNG tank shall be
determined by
means of pressure measuring devices installed in each LNG tank of
the LNG Tankers.  The atmospheric pressure shall be determined by
readings from the standard barometer installed in the LNG Tankers.

    D.   Determination of Density

         Density of the LNG shall be determined by Seller either
by computation or by measurement, as mutually agreed to by the
parties.  Initially the density of the LNG will be computed by the
method described in Schedule A attached hereto.  Should any
improved data, method of calculation or direct measurement device
become available which is acceptable to both Buyers and Seller,
such improved data, method or device shall then be used.  If
density is determined by measurements, the results shall be logged
or printed.

    13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis

         Representative samples of the LNG delivered shall be
obtained, or be caused to be obtained, in triplicate by each Buyer
during the time of unloading and delivery to such Buyer.  The
three (3) samples shall be taken from an appropriate point on
Buyer's receiving line as close as possible to the unloading
flanges and collected in the gaseous state using the continuous
gasification/collection method agreed by Buyers and Seller.  The
method and devices for sampling and the quantity of the samples to
be withdrawn, shall be
determined by agreement between Buyers and Seller to provide for
taking representative and adequate samples of the LNG delivered.
    The samples obtained shall be distributed as follows:
    First sample   -for use of Buyer receiving the LNG shipment.
    Second sample    -  for retention by such Buyer for an agreed
                        period, not to exceed twenty (20) days
                        during which any dispute as to the
                        accuracy of any analysis shall be raised,
                        in which case the sample shall be further
                        retained until such Buyer and Seller agree
                        to retain it no longer.


    Third sample   -    for use of Seller, if Seller so requests.


    If representative samples cannot be obtained by Buyer, the
data to be determined by sample analysis in Section 13.7 shall be
based upon the analysis of the LNG loaded at the Loading Port and
shall, after the boil-off adjustment provided for below, be
substituted for use in determining composition of the cargo
delivered.  Such data obtained at the Loading Port shall be
adjusted for boil-off on the basis of the arithmetic average of
the boil-off experience during the one-way voyage with regard to
the last five (5) cargoes from the same Loading Port to the same
Receiving Facility.  For this purpose Seller shall utilize devices
comparable to those utilized at the Receiving Facility and shall
employ methods of taking and analyzing the samples at the Loading
Port comparable in accuracy to those employed at the Receiving
Facility.
    13.7 Quality Analysis

         The samples provided for in Section 13.6 shall be
analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by the Buyer receiving the
LNG shipment to determine the molar fraction of the hydrocarbon
and other components in the sample by gas chromatography in
accordance with "G.P.A- Standard 2261, Method of Analysis for
Natural Gas and Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas Chromatography",
published by G.P.A., current as of January 1, 1977.  If better
standards for analysis are subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other
recognized competent impartial authority, upon mutual agreement of
Buyers and Seller, they shall be substituted for the standards
then in use, but such substitution shall not take place
retroactively.
    Should it be necessary to obtain periodic samples, the
composition of the LNG unloaded from each LNG Tanker shall be the
arithmetic average of the results obtained by analysis of the
samples obtained under Section 13.6. A calibration of the
chromatograph or other analytical instrument used shall be
performed by each Buyer immediately prior to the analysis of the
sample of LNG delivered.  The Buyer intending to conduct a
calibration shall give advance notice thereof to Seller, and
Seller shall have the right to have a representative present at
each such calibration; provided, however, that the party
performing the calibration will not be obligated to defer or
reschedule any calibration in order to permit the representative
of the other party to be present.

    The sample shall be analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by
the Buyer to determine the concentrations of Hydrogen sulfide
(H2S) and total sulfur referred to in Section 11.2 using the
methods described in Schedule A attached hereto.

    13.8 Operating Procedures

         Prior to conducting operations for measurement, gauging
and analysis
provided in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 the party responsible for
such operations shall notify the appropriate representatives of
the other party, allowing such representative reasonable
opportunity to be present for all operations and computations;
however, the absence of the other party's representative after
notification and opportunity to attend shall not prevent any
operations and computations from being performed.  At the request
of either party any measurement, gauging and analysis provided for
in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 shall be witnessed and verified by
an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by the Buyer and
Seller.  The results of such surveyor's verifications shall be
made available promptly to each party.  All records of
measurements and the computation results shall be preserved and
available to both parties for a period of not less than three (3)
years after such measurements and computation.

    13.9 BTU Quantities Delivered

         The quantity of British Thermal Units (BTU) of LNG
delivered from LNG Tankers shall be calculated by Seller,
following the procedures described in this Section 13.9 and shall
be verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by
Seller and Buyer.
    A.   Determination of Gross Heating Value
         The Gross Heating Value of the samples of the LNG shall
be determined by computation, in accordance with the method
described in Schedule A attached hereto, on the basis of the
molecular composition determined pursuant to Section 13.7 and the
molecular weights and heating values described in "G.P.A.
Publication 2145" published by G.P.A. current at the time of
computation.

    If better constants or improved methods for determination of
heating value are subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other
recognized competent impartial authority, they shall, upon mutual
agreement of Seller and Buyers, be substituted therefor but not
retroactively.  The Gross Heating Value of the representative
sample shall be the conclusive Gross Heating Value for the purpose
of determining quantities of British Thermal Units (BTU) delivered.

    B.   Determination of Volume of LNG Unloaded

         The LNG volume in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before and
after unloading shall be determined by gauging as provided in
Section 13.5 on the basis of the tank gauge tables provided for in
Section 13.4. The volume of LNG remaining in the tanks of the LNG
Tanker after unloading shall then be subtracted from the volume
before unloading and the resulting volume shall be taken as the
volume of the LNG delivered from the LNG Tanker.

    If failure of gauging and measuring devices of an LNG Tanker
should cause impossibility of determining the LNG volume, the
volume of LNG delivered shall be determined by gauging the liquid
level in Buyer's onshore LNG storage tanks immediately before and
after unloading the LNG Tanker and such volume shall be increased
by adding an estimated LNG volume, agreed upon by the parties, for
boil-off from such onshore LNG storage tanks and related pipelines
during the unloading of LNG.  Each Buyer shall provide Seller, or
cause Seller to be provided with, a certified copy of tank gauge
tables for each onshore LNG tank which is to be used for this
purpose verified by a competent impartial authority.

    C.   Determination of BTU Quantities Delivered
         The quantities of British Thermal Units (BTU) delivered
from LNG Tankers shall be computed by Seller by means of the
following formula:
         Q    = V x D x P - Qr

in which:     Q    represents the quantity of the LNG delivered
in British Thermal Units (BTU).


         V    represents the volume of the LNG unloaded, stated
              in cubic meters, determined as provided in Section
              13.9 B.

         D    represents the density of the LNG unloaded, stated
              in kilograms per cubic meter, determined as
              provided in Section 13.5 D.

         P    represents the Gross Heating Value of the LNG
              unloaded, stated in British Thermal Units (BTU) per
              kilogram.

         Qr   represents the quantity in British Thermal Units
              (BTU) of the vapor which displaced the volume of
              LNG unloaded from the LNG tanks in the LNG Tankers.

Physical constants, calculation procedures and examples of BTU
determination are provided in Schedule A.

    13.10     Verification of Accuracy and Correction for Error

         Accuracy of devices used shall be tested and verified at
the request of either party, including the request by a party to
verify accuracy of its own devices.  Each party shall have the
right to inspect at any time the measurement devices installed by
the other party, provided that the other party be notified in
advance.  Testing shall be performed only when both parties are
represented, or have received adequate advance notice thereof,
using methods recommended by the manufacturer or any other method
agreed to by Seller and Buyers. At the request of any party any
test shall be witnessed and verified by an independent surveyor
mutually agreed upon by Buyers and Seller.  Permissible tolerances
shall be as defined in Schedule A. Inaccuracy of a device
exceeding the permissible tolerances shall require correction of
previous recordings, and computations made on the basis of those
recordings, to zero error with respect to any period which is
definitely known or agreed upon by the parties, as well as
adjustment of the device.  In the event that the period of error
is neither known nor agreed upon, corrections shall be made for
each delivery made during the last half of the period since the
date of the most recent calibration of the inaccurate device. 
However, the provisions of this Section 13.10 shall not be applied
to require the modification of any invoice which has become final
pursuant to Section 10.6.

    13.11     Disputes
         In the event of any dispute concerning the subject
matter of this Article 13, including but not limited to disputes
over selection of the type or the accuracy of measuring devices,
their calibration, the result of a measurement, sampling,
analysis, computation, or method of calculation, such dispute
shall be submitted to a competent impartial authority mutually
agreed upon by the parties or, if such authority cannot be agreed
upon within thirty (30) days of request by either party, such
dispute shall be decided by arbitration pursuant to Article 16. 
All decisions of an authority acting under this Section 13.11
shall be binding on the parties.  Expenses incurred in connection
with the services of such authority shall be shared equally by the
parties.

    13.12     Costs and Expenses of Test and Verification

    All costs and expenses for testing and verifying Seller's
measurement devices as provided for in this Article 13 shall be
borne by Seller and all costs and expenses for testing and
verifying a Buyer's measurement devices shall be borne by such
Buyer.  The fees and charges of independent surveyors for
measurements and calculations as provided for in Sections 13.8 and
13.9 shall be borne equally by Seller and Buyer.  When the
services of independent surveyors are required and selected by
mutual agreement pursuant to Section 13.10, then the fees and
charges of such surveyors shall be borne equally by Seller and
Buyers.
                                      
                   ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES

    Each Buyer shall pay (or reimburse Seller for payments made
by it) and shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from, all
taxes, royalties, duties, or other imposts levied or imposed by
the Japanese Government or any subdivision thereof, or any other
governmental authority in Japan, on the transportatior, sale and
import of LNG, or on any income resulting therefrom, including
income resulting from payments made under this Article 14, and all
port charges, taxes and duties levied or imposed on the LNG
Tankers in Japan.  The parties understand and confirm that Buyer
shall not be required to pay under this Article 14 for any port
charges, taxes or duties on LNG Tankers to the extent the same are
included in any other amounts payable by Buyer under this
Contract.  All payments or reimbursements required under this
Article 14 shall be made by Buyer within twenty (20) calendar days
after the date of Buyer's receipt of such invoice in Japan.
                         ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE


    15.1 Events of Force Majeure

         Neither Seller nor any Buyer shall be liable for any
delay or failure in performance hereunder if and to the extent
such delay or failure in performance results from any of the
following:

    A.   Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance, lightning, storm,
         typhoon, tornado, earthquake, landslide, soil erosion,
         subsidence, washout or epidemic;

    B.   War, riot, civil war, blockade, insurrection, act of
         public enemies or civil disturbance;

    C.   Strike, lockout or other industrial disturbance;

    D.   Serious accidental damage to or other serious failure of
         Seller's Facilities, unless such damage or failure is
         the result of willful negligence on the part of Seller's
         management;

    E.   Serious accidental damage to or other failure of a
         Buyer's Facilities, unless such damage or failure is the
         result of willful negligence on the part of such Buyer's
         management;

    F.   The reserves of Natural Gas in the Arun field or the
         Badak field which can economically be produced for
         purposes of this Contract have been fully depleted;

    G.   Act of government which directly affects the ability of
         a party to perform any obligation hereunder other than
         the obligation to remit payments as provided in Section
         10.4 on account of LNG delivered and taken or not taken
         but required to be paid for under this Contract; or

    H.   Unavailability of an LNG Tanker caused by an event or
         circumstance which is beyond the reasonable control of
         Seller despite Seller's best efforts to assure the
         availability of such LNG Tanker.

Nothing herein shall relieve Buyers of their obligation to pay for
LNG delivered

or to make any other payment which has become due and payable
under this Contract prior to the occurrence of any of the events
described above.

    15.2 Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance, etc.

         Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of force
majeure, the
party affected shall give notice thereof to the other party
describing such event and the estimated period during which
operations will be suspended or reduced.  The parties shall
exercise reasonable diligence to ensure resumption of normal
performance under this Contract after the occurrence of any event
of force majeure, and prior to resumption of normal performance,
the parties shall continue to perform their obligations under this
Contract to the extent not affected by such event of force
majeure.
    
    15.3 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances

         Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
disturbances shall be
entirely within the discretion of the party experiencing such
situations and nothing herein shall require such party to settle
industrial disputes by yielding to demands made on it when it
considers such action inadvisable.

                          ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION
    All disputes arising between any Buyer or Buyers, on the one
hand, and Seller, on the other hand, relating to this Contract or
the interpretation or performance hereof, shall be finally settled
by arbitration conducted in accordance with the Rules of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, effective at
the time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in accordance with
such Rules.  Arbitration shall be conducted in the English
language and shall be held at Paris, France, unless another
location is selected by mutual agreement of the parties concerned. 
The award rendered by the arbitrators shall be final and binding
upon the parties concerned.
                        ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW

    This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States
of America.
                      ARTICLE 18 - BUYERS' COORDINATOR

    Buyers will from time to time designate a Buyers' Coordinator
to act on behalf of each Buyer in performing the following:

    A.   Coordinating among each of Buyers, and between Seller
         and Buyer or Buyers, and the handling of communications
         between Seller and Buyer or Buyers in connection with
         performance of this Contract, in particular the exercise
         of Allowances pursuant to Section 7.3(d).

    B.   Implementation of various operations of each Buyer or of
         Buyers which are necessary in connection with the
         purchasing of LNG hereunder.

Buyers shall notify Seller the name and address of the entity to
act as Buyers' Coordinator.  Buyers have notified Seller that
Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. is presently acting as Buyers'
Coordinator.

Seller shall be entitled to accept and rely upon any communication
received from Buyers' Coordinator as if received directly from one
or more of Buyers, and to give any communication to Buyers'
Coordinator with the same effect as if given directly to a Buyer
or Buyers, if such notice or communication relates to matters as
to which Buyers' Coordinator is acting as described above pursuant
to this Article 18.  No act of or authorization to Buyers'
Coordinator shall relieve any Buyer from performance of any
obligation or payment of any liability of such Buyer hereunder,
each Buyer remaining primarily liable therefor at all times.

                        ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY

    Confidential information or documents which will come to the
attention of the parties in connection with the performance of
this Contract may not be used or communicated to third parties,
other than Mobil or any member of the Huffco Group or any
Affiliate (as defined below) of a party or of a Seller's Supplier,
without the agreement of Seller, in the case of information and
documents furnished to Buyers, and of the Buyer or Buyers
concerned, in the case of information and documents furnished to
Seller.  This restriction shall not apply to information or
documents which:

    A.   Have fallen into the public domain otherwise than
         through the act or failure to act of the party that has
         obtained them;

    B.   Are communicated to legal counsel, accountants, other
         professional consultants, underwriters, or lenders of
         one of the parties, with the obligation of the persons
         receiving them to maintain confidentiality; or

    C.   Are communicated to government or governmental
         authorities of the Republic of Indonesia, Japan or the
         United States of America having authority to require
         such disclosure, in accordance with that authority.

As used above, the term Affiliate means a company controlled by,
under the control of, or under common control with, the party, or
Mobil, or a member of the Huffco Group.  Each Affiliate shall have
the same obligation as the parties have to maintain
confidentiality.

                            ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES

    All notices and other communications for purposes of this
Contract shall be in writing, which shall include transmission by
telex, facsimile or cable, except that notices given from LNG
Tankers at sea may be by radio.  Notices and communications shall
be directed as follows:

    A.   To Seller at the following mail address-

         PERUSAIIAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA           

 
(PERTAMINA)
         Attention: Head of Gas Marketing Bureau
         P.O. Box 12/JKT
         Jalan Merdeka Timur No. 1A
         Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia

         And at the following cable and telex addresses -

         Cable:                             Telex:
         PERTAMINA      PERTAMINA
         JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA         44302 or 44152
         Attention: Head of Gas Marketing   JAKARTA,
                    Bureau                  INDONESIA
                                            Facsimile: 355271

    B.   To Buyers at the following mail and telex addresses-

         CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
         (Mail Address) 
         Attention:     Fuel Department
         1, Toshin-cho, Higashi-ku,
           Nagoya, 461 Japan
         (Telex Address)     4444405 CHUDEN J

         THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
         (Mail Address)      
         Attention:     Fuel Department
         3-22, Nakanoshima 3-chonie, Kita-ku,
         Osaka, 530 Japan

         (Telex Address)                    
         5248320 KEPCO J

         KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
         (Mail Address)      
         Attention:     Fuel Department
         1-82, Watanabe-dori 2-chome, Chuo-ku,
         Fukuoka, 810 Japan

         (Telex Address)                    
         725497 KYUDEN J


         NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION
         (Mail Address)      
         Attention:     Coal & Fuel Division
         6-3, Otemachi 2-chome,
         Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100 Japan
         (Telex Address)
         NSC J22291

         OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
         (Mail Address)      
         Attention:     Gas Resources Department
         4-1-2, Hiranomachi, Chuo-ku,
         Osaka, 541 Japan

         (Telex Address)          
         5225275 DAJGAS J

         TOHO GAS CO., LTD.
         (Mail Address)      
         Attention:     Raw Materials Department
         19-18, Sakurada-cho, Atsuta-ku,
         Nagoya, 456 Japan
         (Telex Address)
         4477651 TOHOGS J


    The parties may designate additional addresses for particular
communications as required from time to time, and may change any
addresses, by notice given thirty (30) days in advance of such
additions or changes.  Immediately upon receiving communications
by telex, facsimile, cable or radio, a party shall acknowledge
receipt by the same means, and may request a repeat transmittal of
the entire communication or confirmation of particular matters. 
If the sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt within
twenty-four (24) hours, or receives a request for repeat
transmittal or confirmation, said party shall repeat the
transmittal or answer the particular request.

                          ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT

    Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations hereunder
may be assigned by any Buyer without the prior written consent of
Seller, or by Seller without the prior written consent of each
Buyer.  Any request by a Buyer for Seller's consent to an
assignment shall be accompanied by the written consent of each
other Buyer to the proposed assignment.

                          ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENTS

    This Contract may not be amended, modified, varied or
supplemented except by an instrument in writing, signed by Seller
and Buyers.

    Performance of any condition or obligation to be performed
hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived or postponed
except by an instrument in writing signed by the party who is
claimed to have granted such waiver or postponement.

                         ARTICLE 23 - SEPARABILITY

    This Contract shall be binding upon each Buyer in accordance
with its terms.  The liabilities of Buyers under this Contract are
several and not joint and each Buyer shall be liable only for
performance of the obligations of such Buyer as provided in this
Contract.

                    ARTICLE 24 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE

    Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall be
mutually agreed upon by Seller and each Buyer separately or, when
necessary and desirable, by Seller and Buyers on a coordinated and
mutually agreeable basis.

                             ARTICLE 25 - SCOPE

    This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and
replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in any other
agreement between the parties, whether written or oral, prior to
the date of the original execution hereof.

    Subsequent to the date of original execution of this
Contract, various agreements, manuals, procedures and details of
performance relating to the interpretation or implementation of
the Contract or covering matters related thereto, have been agreed
between Seller and Buyers ("Ancillary Agreements").  It is agreed
that no Ancillary Ageement or portion thereof, to the extent it is
in effect and capable of performance, shall be annulled,
terminated or revoked by reason of the execution of this amended
and restated Contract, except that:
    (i)  to the extent that there is any conflict between such
         Ancillary Agreements and any specific amendment to the
         Contract incorporated in this amended and restated
         Contract, such specific amendment shall prevail; and

    (ii) the following Ancillary Agreements (or identified
         portions thereof) are superseded by this amended and
         restated Contract and shall have no further effect:

         (A)  Memorandum of Agreement (15-year amendment) dated
              as of January 1, 1983;

         (B)  Memorandum of Understanding Related to Amendement
              No. 3 to the Transportation Agreement dated October
              16, 1987 - Section H, paragraphs 7, 9 and 10;

         (C)  Amended and Restated Invoice Settlement Agreement
              for 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as of March 31,
              1987 and amended and restated as of December 1,
              1988 - paragraph 6;

         (D)  Assignment dated as of January 30, 1987 from Nippon
              Steel to Toho Gas; and

         (E)  Memorandum of Agreement on Revisions to the 1973
              LNG Sales Contract dated as of September 7, 1989.


                         ARTICLE 26 - COUNTERPARTS
    This Contract is executed in seven (7) identical counterparts
each of which shall have the force and dignity of an original, and
all of which shall constitute but one and the same Contract.
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
amended and restated Contract to be duly executed and signed by
its duly authorized officer as of January 1, 1990.

SELLER:                      BUYERS:
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN      CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
                             By /s/                           

BY:   /s/                    THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO.,INC.


WITNESS:                     BY   /s/                         

JAPAN INDONESIA LNG CO. LTD. KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO, INC.


BY     /S/                   BY   /S/                          


NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION      NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION


BY     /S/                   BY    /S/                         


                             OSAKA GAS CO, LTD.


                             BY     /S/                         

                             TOHO GAS CO., LTD.

                             
                             BY     /S/                          

<PAGE>
                         ARTICLE 26 - COUNTERPARTS

    This Contract is executed in seven (7) identical counterparts
each of which shall have the force and dignity of an original, and
all of which shall constitute but one and the same Contract.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
amended and restated Contract to be duly executed and signed by
its duly authorized officer as of January 1, 1990.

SELLER:                      BUYERS:
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN      CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI          
NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
                             BY         /s/                  

                             THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
BY                                          

WITNESS:                     BY          /s/                 

JAPAN INDONESIA LNG CO., LTD.   KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.


BY                              BY           /s/                 

NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION      NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION


BY        /s/                   BY            /s/                 

                             OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.


                             BY            /s/                 

                             TOHO GAS CO., LTD.


                             BY             /s/                

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT
<TEXT>

               AMENDED AND RESTATED BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT

     This Badak LNG Sales Contract (the "Contract") dated as of the
14th day of April 1981, and amended and restated as of the 1st day
of January, 1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA, a state enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia
("Seller"), on the one hand, and CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC
("Chubu Electric"), THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO, INC. ("Kansai
Electric"), OSAKA GAS CO., LTD. ("Osaka Gas") and TOHO GAS CO.,
LTD. ("Toho Gas"), all corporations organized and existing under
the laws of Japan (hereinafter referred to individually as "Buyer"
and collectively as "Buyers"), on the other hand,

                           WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS:

1.   By that certain Invoice Settlement Agreement for 1981 LNG
Sales Contract dated as of March 31, 1987 and amended and restated
as of December 1, 1988, Seller and Buyers agreed to amend the
Contract to delete the currency adjustment provision and all
references thereto as of April 1, 1988; and

2.   By Memorandum of Agreement on Revisions to the 1981 Badak LNG
Sales Contract dated as of September 7, 1989, Seller and Buyers
agreed to revise certain provisions of the Contract, to provide for
an adjustment of the Contract Sales Price and the sale and purchase
of additional quantities of LNG, and to amend the Contract to
incorporate these revisions effective as of January 1, 1990; and

3.   Seller and Buyers have agreed to eliminate those provisions of
the Contract that are no longer operational and to make certain
linguistic and grammatical revisions to improve the clarity of the
Contract.

     NOW, THEREFORE, Seller and each Buyer hereby agree to the
following terms:

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS

          The terms or expressions below will have the following
meanings in this Contract:

          1.1  Actual Cubic Foot
               A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is
one foot.

          1.2  Actual Loading Time
               As defined in Section 4.12(b).

          1.3  Affiliate
               As defined in Article 19.

          1.4  Allowance
               The quantity of LNG by which a Buyer reduces a
Quantity Deficiency in respect of a given calendar year pursuant to
the provisions of Section 73(d).

          1.5  Allowance Restoration Period.
               As defined in Section 7.3(d)(iv).

          1.6  Allotted Loading Time
               As defined in Section 4.12(a).

          1.7  Annual Program
               As defined in Section 12.1(a).

          1.8  Arrival Temperature Requirement
               As defined in Section 4.10.

          1.9  Badak Facility
               As defined in Section 5.2.

          1.10 British Thermal Unit (BTU)
               The amount of heat required to raise the temperature
of one avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.00F to 60.00F at an 
absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch.

          1.11 Business Day in Japan
               Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays, National
Holidays (including compensatory days), and January 2 and 3.

          1.12 Buyers' Coordinator
               Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. or such other entity
as may be designated by Buyers pursuant to Article 18.

          1.13 Buyer's Facilities
               For the purposes of Section 15.1(a)(v) in respect of
any Buyer, the Receiving Facilities of such Buyer and such other
facilities directly related to the use of LNG which, if not
operational, would reduce the amount of LNG which such Buyer is
able to receive hereunder.
 
          1.14 Buyers' Representative
               P.T. Jasa Enersi Pratama Nusantara or such other
entity as may be designated by Buyers pursuant to Article 18.

          1.15 Buyers' Transportation Agreement
               The Transportation Agreement between Buyers and
Buyers' Transporter for transporting LNG delivered under this
Contract.

          1.16 Buyers' Transporter
               The Transporter designated in Buyers' Transportation
Agreement.

          1.17 Certificate
               As defined in Section 3.2(a).

          1.18 Contract Sales Price
               As defined in Section 8.2.

          1.19 Cubic Meter (CBM)
               A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is
one meter.

          1.20 Delivery Point
               The point at the Loading Port at which the flange
coupling of Seller's loading line joins the flange coupling of the
LNG loading manifold onboard any LNG Tanker.

          1.21 ETA
               Estimated time of arrival as defined in Section 4.6
(a).

          1.22 Exercising Buyer
               As defined in Section 7.3 (d)(i).

          1.23 Fixed Quantity
               As defined in Section 7.l.

          1.24 Fixed Quantity Period
               As defined in Section 7.l.

          1.25 Floor Price
               As defined in Section 8.2.

          1.26 Force Majeure Deficiency
               As defined in Section 7.6 (a).

          1.27 Gas Supply Area
               Badak, Nilam and other nearby fields selected by
Seller in East Kalimantan, Indonesia.

          1.28 G.P.A.
               Gas Processors Association.

          1.29 Gross Heating Value
               The quantity of heat expressed in British Thermal
Units produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic foot
of anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60.00 Fahrenheit and an
absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch, with the air at
the same temperature and pressure as the gas, after cooling the
products of the combustion to the initial temperature of the gas
and air, and after condensation of the water formed by combustion.

          1.30 Huffco Group
               Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation,
Virginia International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited and
Universe Tankships, Inc.

          1.31 Initial Contract Sales Price
               As defined in Section 8.l.

          1.32 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
               Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its
boiling point and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

          1.33 LNG Tanker
               An ocean-going vessel, meeting the requirements of
Section 4.2, suitable for transporting LNG, which is used by Buyers
for transportation of LNG under this Contract.

          1.34 Loading Port
               The port located at the Badak Facility.

          1.35 Make-Good LNG
               As defined in Section 7.3 (d)(iv).

          1.36 Make-Good Obligation
               The obligation of a Buyer as set forth in Section
7.3 (d)(iv) to take and pay for LNG in an amount (measured in
BTU'S) equal to each Allowance exercised.

          1.37 Make-Up LNG
               As defined in Section 7.5.

          1.38 Natural Gas
               Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons
consisting essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and
non-combustible gases in a gaseous state and which is extracted
from the subsurface of the earth in its natural state, separately
or together with liquid hydrocarbons.         

          1.39 1973 LNG Sales Contract
               The LNG Sales Contract dated as of December 3, 1973,
amended and restated as of January 1, 1990, between Seller, on the
one hand, and Chubu Electric, Kansai Electric, Kyushu Electric
Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation, Osaka Gas and Toho Gas,
on the other hand.

          1.40 Ninety-Day Schedule
               As defined in Section 12.2.

          1.41 Notice of Readiness
               As defined in Section 4.9.

          1.42 Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
               Reserves which have been proved to a high degree of
certainty by reason of actual completion, successful testing or in
certain cases by adequate core analyses; and which are defined
areally by reasonable geological interpretation of structure and
known continuity of oil- or gas-saturated material.

          1.43 Quantity Deficiency
               As defined in Section 7.3(a).

          1.44 Receiving Facilities
               As defined in Section 5.l.

          1.45 Restoration Quantities
               As defined in Section 7.6(a).

          1.46 Round-Up Request
               As defined in Section 7.3 (a)(ii).

          1.47 Seller's Facilities
               For the purposes of Section 15.1(a)(iv), Natural Gas
reservoirs or production facilities in the field, the facilities
for transportation of Natural Gas from the field, and the Badak
Facility.

          1.48 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
               From time to time on any given date the amount of
Natural Gas required to satisfy the remaining obligations of Seller
on such date to supply LNG or Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area
plus the amount of Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area required to
supply any additional commitment or commitments which Seller
anticipates making.

          1.49 Seller's Suppliers
               In respect of portions of the LNG to be sold
hereunder:
               (a)  Huffco Group;
               (b)  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.;
                    and
               (c)  Unocal Indonesia Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum
                    Ltd.;

and any successors and assignees of the aforesaid suppliers who
shall have agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations
of their respective assignors under the applicable Supply Agreement
with Seller.

          1.50 Seller's Transportation Agreement
               That certain Transportation Agreement made as of
September 23, 1973, as amended, by and between Burmah Gas Transport 
Limited and Seller.

          1.51 Standard Cubic Foot (scf)
               The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor,
occupying a volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a temperature of
60.00F and at an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square
inch.

          1.52 Statement of Cooling Time
               As defined in Section 4.10.

          1.53 Supply Agreement
               As defined in Section 3.1.

          1.54 Take-or-Pay Quantity
               As defined in Section 7.5.

          1.55 Unloading Ports
               The ports at locations in or near Nagoya, Osaka,
Himeji, and at such other locations in Japan as may be agreed
between Seller and Buyers, where the Receiving Facilities are or
will be constructed.

 ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE

     Seller agrees to sell and deliver to the Delivery Point and
each Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay for, and to pay for
if not taken, LNG, in the quantities and at the price and in
accordance with the other terms and conditions set forth in this
Contract.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

     3.1  Sources of Supply 
          The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold
hereunder is to be produced from the Gas Supply Area.  Seller
represents that Seller will maintain throughout the term hereof the
right to sell all quantities of LNG to be sold hereunder.  In this
connection, Seller represents that it has executed or will execute
from time to time, as required in order to maintain the right to
sell the quantities of LNG to be sold hereunder, agreements with
production sharing contractors of Seller under which agreements
such production sharing contractors make available for sale
hereunder their respective interests in the quantities of LNG to be
sold hereunder ("Supply Agreement").

     3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas
          (a)  Seller has furnished Buyers with statements, each
entitled "Certificate" and each dated on or prior to November 15,
1979, of DeGolyer and MacNaughton expressing its estimate of Proved
Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply
Area.  Seller represents that such estimated quantity is in excess
of Seller's Gas Supply Obligation as of the date of this Contract. 
Hereafter and throughout the term of this Contract, before
committing additional Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area to sale
or other utilization, Seller shall secure from an independent
petroleum engineering consultant firm of recognized standing in the
petroleum industry, qualified by reputation and experience in
estimating reserves of oil and natural gas in subsurface
reservoirs, the written statement (the "Certificate") of such firm
expressing its estimate of Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area in an amount at least equal to
Seller's Gas Supply Obligation.  Seller shall provide Buyers with
copies of each Certificate of such independent petroleum
engineering consultant firm on which Seller relies in making any
such commitment for supply of Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area. 
Seller shall also furnish all supporting documentation provided by
such independent petroleum engineering consultant firm in
connection with the issuance of such Certificate.
          (b)  If, during the term of this Contract Seller obtains
information from its activities (including the activities of
Seller's production sharing contractors) in operating fields in the
Gas Supply Area which indicates unforeseen adverse changes in the
Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas
Supply Area, Seller will promptly inform Buyers of such situation
and will further inform Buyers of any measures which Seller may
elect to take in order to increase the amount of Proved Remaining
Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area.

ARTICLE 4 - LOADING AND TRANSPORTATION

     4.1  Buyers' Obligation to Provide Transportation
          Buyers shall provide, or cause to be provided, the
transportation required to transport all quantities of LNG to be
sold and delivered hereunder from the Loading Port.

     4.2  LNG Tankers
          Buyers will provide, or cause to be provided, for their
performance under this Contract, LNG Tankers compatible with the
marine facilities of the Badak Facility of up to approximately
two-hundred ninety (290) meters in length, up to approximately
forty-six (46) meters in width, and up to approximately eleven and
one-tenth (11.1) meters draft, which LNG Tankers shall be designed
and at all times equipped and manned so as safely to permit the
loading of a full cargo in approximately twelve (12) hours of
pumping time and to accept cargo at a rate up to approximately
eleven thousand (11,000) CBM per hour being the fun design pumping
rate of Seller's loading pumps (which rate shall be subject to
revision after mutual agreement).  The provisions of this Contract
applicable to LNG Tankers shall apply whether any LNG Tanker is
owned and operated by the Buyers or otherwise.

     4.3  Loading Port Facilities
          (a)  Seller will provide a berth, and cause to be
provided port facilities, including a channel and turning basin,
and cause to be designated a holding anchorage, all capable of
receiving an LNG Tanker of the dimensions set forth in Section 4.2,
where such LNG Tanker may safely proceed to, lie at and depart
from, always afloat at all times of the tide.  Seller shall not be
obligated to provide facilities for repair of LNG Tankers.
           (b)  Seller will provide facilities capable of loading
LNG at an approximate rate of ten thousand (10,000) CBM per hour at
a normal operating pressure of about forty-two and one-half pounds
per square inch gauge (42.5 psig) at the Delivery Point.  In any
event, pressure at the Delivery Point shall not exceed one hundred
twenty pounds per square inch gauge (120 psig).
          (c)  Loading Port facilities shag include:
               (i)  Shore tanks and loading lines for liquid
                    nitrogen; pipelines and connections for the
                    supply of fresh water; and
               (ii) Appropriate systems necessary for radio and
                    telex communications with the LNG Tankers.

     4.4  Loading Port Obligations
          (a)  LNG Tankers shall utilize the Loading Port
facilities subject to observance of all relevant port regulations. 
Any tugs, pilots or escort vessels required (or other support
vessels required in connection with the safe berthing of an LNG
Tanker) shall be employed at, the sole risk and expense of the LNG
Tanker.  Prior to each loading, Buyers' Transporter shall be
responsible for determining the availability of any nitrogen, fuel,
water and other utilities required by the LNG Tankers at the
Loading Port, which will be provided by Seller on an as available
basis for Buyers' Transporter's account.
          (b)  Buyers and/or Buyers' Transporter shall be
responsible for payment of amounts due for supplies and services
requested by masters of LNG Tankers and for normal port charges to
the extent such charges are uniformly applied to all LNG vessels
receiving exports of LNG from the Loading Port.

     4.5   Cargo Loading
          (a)  The LNG to be sold and purchased hereunder shall be
pumped into LNG Tankers at the expense of Seller through manifold
strainers of sixty (60) mesh (or such other mesh as shall be agreed
from time to time by the parties) provided by the LNG Tanker and,
absent agreement of the parties or an unavoidable circumstance,
shall be in full cargo lots.
          (b)  The loading facilities provided by Seller shall
include a boil-off gas return system for receiving boil-off gas
from LNG Tankers.  There shall be no charge for any natural gas
boiled-off from the LNG Tankers while berthed at the Loading Port
that is returned to shore.  The LNG Tankers shall compress such
boil-off gas to the extent required to maintain the gas pressure in
the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks and the boil-off gas return line
within allowable operating limits during loading, and Seller shall
operate the boil-off gas return system in a manner that will permit
the gas pressure in the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks to be maintained
within the allowable operating limits of such tanks.

     4.6  Notifications of Estimated Time of Arrival at Loading
     Port and Cooling Requirements
          (a)  Buyers shall give Seller notice by telex or
facsimile of the date and hour on which each LNG Tanker departs
from an Unloading Port or drydock/repair port and the estimated
time of arrival ("ETA") at the Loading Port.  Said notice shall be
submitted immediately after the LNG Tanker's departure from the
Unloading Port or drydock/repair port.  Buyers shall include in
such notice to Seller a statement of:
               (i)  The estimated quantity of LNG that will be
                    required to cool the tanks to permit
                    continuous loading of LNG and the estimated
                    time that will be required for such cooling,
                    both of which will be based upon the date the
                    LNG Tanker is expected to commence loading.
               (ii) Any operational deficiencies in the LNG Tanker
                    that may affect its port performance.
               (iii)     Requirements for nitrogen, fuel, water
                         and other utilities.  Buyers shall
                         arrange for the LNG Tanker's master to
                         notify Seller regarding any change in the
                         ETA of twelve (12) hours or more.  If the
                         LNG Tanker's cargo tanks should require
                         cooling or if the cooling or utilities
                         requirements or the condition of the LNG
                         Tanker should change on account of
                         circumstances discovered after
                         transmittal of the notice required by
                         this Section 4.6(a), the master of the
                         LNG Tanker shall give prompt notice
                         thereof to Seller, setting forth the
                         information required by the second
                         preceding sentence, or amending any such
                         information previously given to Seller.
          (b)  Seventy-two (72) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's
arrival at the Loading Port, the LNG Tanker's master shall give
notice by telex to Seller stating its then ETA.  If this ETA should
change by more than six (6) hours, the LNG Tanker's master shall
give notice of the corrected ETA promptly to Seller.
          (c)  Forty-eight (48) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's
arrival at the Loading Port, the LNG Tanker's master shall give
notice by telex to Seller confirming or amending the last ETA
notice.  If this ETA changes by more than six (6) hours, the LNG
Tanker's master shall give notice of the corrected ETA promptly to
Seller.
          (d)  Twenty-four (24) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's
arrival at the Loading Port, an ETA notice shall be sent by telex
and radio to Seller confirming or amending the last ETA notice.  If
this ETA changes by more than two (2) hours, the LNG Tanker's
master shall give notice of the corrected ETA promptly to Seller.
          (e)  A final ETA notice shall be sent by telex and radio
five (5) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival at the Loading
Port.

     4.7  Berthing Assignments
          Seller shall determine the berthing sequence of vessels
at the Loading Port in order to best ensure compliance with the
overall loading schedule of the Badak Facility (including the
Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedules hereunder), and shall
notify the masters of LNG Tankers via the ship's agent of their
berthing priority upon receipt of Notice of Readiness.

     4.8  Vessels not Ready for Loading
          (a)  If an LNG Tanker arrives which is not ready to load
for any reason, Seller may or may not allow it to berth.  In the
case of an LNG Tanker only requiring cooldown to be ready to load,
Seller shall not defer berthing by reason thereof if either such
cooldown was provided for in the most recent Ninety-Day Schedule or
the cooldown time is not expected to exceed six (6) hours. 
Whenever Buyers notify Seller that an LNG Tanker will require
cooldown, Seller shall make provision therefor in the Ninety-Day
Schedule as soon as Seller can do so without disrupting the overall
loading schedule or operations of the Badak Facility.
          (b)  If any LNG Tanker previously believed to be ready
for loading or cooling is found to be unready after being berthed,
Seller may direct the master to vacate the berth and proceed to
anchorage, whether or not other vessels are awaiting a berth,
unless it appears reasonably certain that the LNG Tanker at the
berth can be readied within four (4) hours and Seller has not
concluded that such LNG Tanker is unsafe.
          (c)   When the LNG Tanker at anchorage is ready, the
master will notify Seller.  Seller shall assign a berth to any such
LNG Tanker or to any LNG Tanker awaiting cooldown at anchorage as
soon as Seller is able to do so without disrupting Seller's loading
requirements or operations.

     4.9  Notice of Readiness
          As soon as the LNG Tanker is securely moored at the berth
or securely anchored awaiting a berth, has received all necessary
port clearances and is able to receive LNG for loading or cooling,
the master shall give notice of readiness to Seller ("Notice of
Readiness"); provided, however, that in the event an LNG Tanker
should arrive at the Loading Port prior to the date established in
the Ninety-Day Schedule (and any revisions thereof except those
made after the LNG Tanker has commenced its voyage to the Loading
Port unless made as a result of delays caused by the operations of
the LNG Tankers), Notice of Readiness shall be deemed effective at
the earlier of (i) 0:00 a.m. local time on the scheduled loading
date, or (ii) the time loading commences.

     4.10 Tank Temperature for Loading and Statement of Cooling
Time
          Buyers shall cause Buyers' Transporter after each
discharge of a cargo at an Unloading Port to retain on board each
LNG Tanker sufficient LNG, based on normal operations of the LNG
Tanker (subject to making adequate provision for any LNG Tanker
mechanical problems of which Buyers' Transporter is aware), to
maintain, for a period of not less than twenty-four (24) hours
after the later of (i) the actual arrival or (ii) the scheduled
arrival date (ignoring any revision to such date made after the LNG
Tanker has commenced its voyage to the Loading Port) of such LNG
Tanker at the Loading Port, a temperature in the cargo tanks to
permit continuous loading of LNG ("Arrival Temperature
Requirement"); provided, however, that the Arrival Temperature
Requirement shall not apply upon entry into service or in cases
where the LNG Tanker proceeds from an Unloading Port to a
drydock/repair port.  When an LNG Tanker requires cooling, the
master or Buyers' Representative shall so inform Seller at the time
of the first notice under Section 4.6(a) and, second, at the time
of the Notice of Readiness.  After the LNG Tanker has been cooled,
the representatives of both Buyers and Seller shall sign a
statement of cooling time ("Statement of Cooling Time").

     4.11 Quantities for Purging and Cooling of Tanks
          Quantities of LNG required to purge and cool each LNG
Tanker to the temperature that will permit continuous loading of
LNG shall be delivered by Seller without charge to Buyers upon the
initial entry of such LNG Tanker into service and upon its return
to service after each annual scheduled maintenance period (except
that for a vessel temporarily in service as an LNG Tanker to
receive such quantities of LNG without charge to Buyers, such
vessel must remain in service for a period of not less than four
(4) continuous months).  All other LNG required by the LNG Tankers
for purging and cooling shall be sold, delivered and invoiced by
Seller and paid for by the Buyer (or its designee) scheduled to
receive the cargo of LNG next to be loaded at the Contract Sales
Price applicable to such cargo, except that where any LNG Tanker
having met the Arrival Temperature Requirement needs purging or
cooldown due to an event which does not extend Allotted Loading
Time under Section 4.12(c), then the LNG required in connection
therewith shall be provided without charge.  Such price shall be
applied to the total liquid quantities delivered for purging and
cooling, measured before evaporation of any part thereof occurs. 
The parties will determine by mutual agreement the rates and
pressures for delivery of LNG for purging and cooling and the
method for determining quantities used for such operations. 
Quantities of LNG used to bring the LNG Tankers to a temperature
permitting continuous loading of LNG shall not be applied against
the quantities required to be sold by Seller and taken, or paid for
if not taken, by Buyers under other provisions of this Contract.

     4.12 Loading Time
          (a)  The allotted loading time for Seller to load each
LNG Tanker ("Allotted Loading Time") shall be twenty-four (24)
hours, subject to adjustment as provided below.
          (b)  The actual loading time for each LNG Tanker ("Actual
Loading Time") shall commence (i) six (6) hours after the time when
the Notice of Readiness is received or deemed to be effective, as
defined in Section 4.9, or (ii) when the LNG Tanker is all fast
alongside the berth and ready to receive cooldown LNG or cargo,
whichever first occurs, and shall end when the loading and return
lines of the LNG Tanker are disconnected from the Seller's loading
and return lines and all cargo papers necessary for departure
required to be furnished by Seller are delivered on board in proper
form and the LNG Tanker is permitted to proceed to sea.
          (c)   Allotted Loading Time shall be extended to include:
               (i)  The period during which proceeding from the
                    anchorage, berthing, loading or clearing of
                    the LNG Tanker to proceed to sea after
                    completion of loading is delayed, hindered or
                    suspended by a Buyer, Buyers' Transporter, LNG
                    Tanker master, port authority or any third
                    party for reasons of safety, weather or
                    otherwise and over which Seller has no
                    control;
               (ii) The period of any delays attributable to the
                    operation of an LNG Tanker, including the
                    period of time such LNG Tanker: (1) awaits a
                    berth by reason of the exercise by Seller of
                    its rights under Section 4.8, or (2) receives
                    LNG for purging and cooldown (except when: (A)
                    the LNG Tanker met the Arrival Temperature
                    Requirement, and (B) the purging and cooldown
                    is not due to an event which extends Allotted
                    Loading Time under this Section 4.12(c));
               (iii)     Any period during which berthing or
                         loading of an LNG Tanker is delayed,
                         hindered or suspended by reason of force
                         majeure pursuant to Article 15 hereof;
                         and
               (iv) Any period of delay caused by occupancy of the
                    berth:
                    (A)  By a previous LNG Tanker, provided such
                         occupancy is for reasons attributable to
                         such LNG Tanker;
                    (B)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or
                         another vessel on its scheduled loading
                         date (ignoring any change in the schedule
                         of the vessel occupying the berth made
                         after departure of the LNG Tanker from
                         the Unloading Port); or
                    (C)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or
                         another vessel that arrived prior to the
                         LNG Tanker when the LNG Tanker arrived
                         after its scheduled loading date
                         (ignoring any change in the LNG Tanker's
                         scheduled loading date after departure of
                         the LNG Tanker from the Unloading Port),
                         except that there shall be no addition to
                         Allotted Loading Time under this clause
                         (C) either: (1) for any period in excess
                         of twenty-four (24) hours, or (2) if the
                         LNG Tanker arrived more than twenty-four
                         (24) hours prior to 0:00 a.m. local time
                         on the scheduled loading date of the
                         vessel occupying the berth (unless
                         loading of such vessel was necessary in
                         order to maintain production of the
                         liquefaction facilities).

     4.13 Demurrage
          (a)  If Actual Loading Time exceeds Allotted Loading Time
(as extended in accordance with Section 4.12) in loading any LNG
Tanker, Seller shall pay to Buyers demurrage at the daily rate
provided in Buyers' Transportation Agreement but not to exceed the
daily demurrage rate payable by Seller under Seller's
Transportation Agreement, for each day or portion thereof.
          (b)  Buyers shall invoice Seller for amounts due under
this Section 4.13 and Seller shall pay the invoice in accordance
with Article 10.
          (c)   Under Buyers' Transportation Agreement, demurrage
payments to Buyers' Transporter in any calendar year will be
subject to refund to the extent that the aggregate of demurrage
payments and freight payments received by Buyers' Transporter
exceeds the minimum amount required to be paid under Buyers'
Transportation Agreement for transportation of the Fixed Quantities
in such calendar year.  If Buyers receive from Buyers' Transporter
any such refund, Buyers shall promptly pay to Seller a portion
thereof calculated by multiplying the total refund by a fraction,
the numerator of which is the amount paid by Seller in respect of
demurrage hereunder during the year and the denominator of which is
the total amount received by Buyers' Transporter in respect of
demurrage during such year.

     4.14 Effect of Loading Port Delays: Transportation Costs
          (a)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
commencement of loading, for a reason which would not result in an
extension of Allotted Loading Time under Section 4.12(c), and if as
a result of such reason the commencement of loading is delayed
beyond thirty (30) hours after Notice of Readiness has been given,
then for each full hour by which commencement of loading is delayed
beyond such thirty-hour period, Seller shall pay Buyer or its
designee for boil-off during such delay at the Contract Sales Price
applicable to the cargo of LNG next to be loaded.  The hourly BTU
boil-off rate to be applied for such purpose shall be determined by
actual average boil-off experience of the LNG Tankers as determined
at appropriate intervals, but shall never exceed that quantity of
LNG on board the LNG Tanker at the commencement of the said
thirty-hour period.  Buyers shall invoice Seller for amounts due
under this Section 4.14(a) and Seller shall pay the invoice in
accordance with Article 10.
          (b)  If there should become due from Buyers to Buyers'
Transporter at any time any of the following, namely:
               (i)  Any payment or payments on account of
                    non-utilization of an LNG Tanker resulting
                    from an event or circumstance of force majeure
                    affecting Seller caused by an LNG vessel other
                    than an LNG Tanker which payment or payments:
                    (A) shall not exceed, on a daily basis, the
                    daily demurrage rate provided in Section 4.13
                    for the first ninety (90) days, and (B) shall
                    be payable for any days in excess of one
                    hundred eighty (180) days of such LNG Tanker
                    non-utilization caused by such Seller force
                    majeure at the rate provided in Buyers'
                    Transportation Agreement, provided that should
                    Buyers' Transportation Agreement be terminated
                    with respect to the LNG Tanker by reason of
                    such event of force majeure, the payment shall
                    be equal to the termination pay-ment provided
                    for in Buyers' Transportation Agreement, and
                    provided further that the basis for
                    calculating all payments referred to in this
                    clause (B) is reasonable when compared with
                    the obligations of Seller under Seller's
                    Transportation Agreement in the same
                    circumstances; in any event the amount payable
                    under this clause (i) shall not exceed the
                    maximum amount then available by way of P. and
                    I. cover in respect of the LNG vessel causing
                    the damage, and if amounts in respect of all
                    damages resulting from the incident which
                    would be recoverable by Seller from such P.
                    and I. cover exceed the maximum amount then
                    available by way of P. and I. cover, then
                    there shall be a proportionate reduction in
                    the amount payable under this clause (i) so
                    that such reduced amount bears the same
                    relationship to the maximum amount then
                    available by way of P. and I. cover as the
                    amount otherwise payable hereunder would bear
                    to the total amount of Seller's damages
                    resulting from the incident which are
                    recoverable from such P. and I. cover; or
               (ii) Any payment or payments on account of Buyers'
                    failure to provide Buyers' Transporter with
                    the minimum quantities of LNG required under
                    Buyers' Transportation Agreement, if the
                    deficiency is caused by the failure of Seller
                    to satisfy its obligations under this
                    Contract;
then, if and to the extent that the amount payable to Buyers'
Transporter has not been paid and is not payable to Buyers under
Section 4.13, such amount shall be paid to Buyers by Seller.  This
paragraph (b) shall not require Seller to pay any amount which
becomes payable to Buyers' Transporter as the result of an event or
circumstance of force majeure affecting Buyers, or as the result of
Buyers' breach of their obligations under this Contract.  It is
understood that no amount will be payable by Seller under this
paragraph (b) by reason of non-utilization of an LNG Tanker caused
by the fault or negligence of such LNG Tanker or Buyers'
Transporter.  Any payments under this Section 4.14(b) shall be in
such amounts as reflect any credits to Buyers for other revenues
earned by the LNG Tanker during the period of force majeure.

          Buyer shall invoice Seller for payments under this
paragraph (b) and
Seller shall pay those invoices in accordance with Article 10.

ARTICLE 5 - ONSHORE FACILITIES

     5.1  Receiving Facilities
          Buyers have heretofore constructed or will construct LNG
receiving terminal facilities at the Unloading Ports including,
without limitation, berthing and unloading facilities, LNG storage
tanks, vessel services facilities and regasification plants (the
"Receiving Facilities").

     5.2  Badak Facility
          Seller has heretofore constructed or will construct at
Bontang, East Kalimantan, liquefaction plant facilities to be used
by Seller, including, without limitation, gas transmission
pipelines, processing facilities, storage tanks, utilities,
berthing and loading facilities (the "Badak Facility").

ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

          The terms of this Contract shall continue in effect until
the expiration of the parties respective obligations to sell and
purchase LNG as provided in Article 7 or the earlier termination of
this Contract pursuant to Section 10.5. If Seller and any Buyer or
Buyers so agree at least five (5) years before the time this
Contract would otherwise expire, the term of this Contract as to
such Buyer or Buyers may be extended on such terms and conditions
as may be mutually agreed.

ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

     7.1. Required Deliveries
          During each calendar year or portion thereof specified
below (each such period being called a "Fixed Quantity Period"),
Seller shall sell to,each Buyer, and each Buyer shall purchase,
receive and pay for, or pay for if not taken, at the Contract Sales
Price, a quantity of LNG having a heating value as specified for
such Buyer for such Fixed Quantity Period (each such quantity being
called a "Fixed Quantity") as follows:
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
              Fixed                              Fixed Quantities for Each Buyer
Calendar Quantity                           (billions of BTU's)
Year           Period
                             Chubu     Kansai    Osaka     Toho 
                             Electric  Electric  Gas       Gas       Total

<S>                          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
1983          Aug. 25-
              Dec. 31        14,685    12,301     4,767     6,366     38,119
1984-1989     Each Full Year 80,156    42,750    21,375    26,719    171,000
1990          Full Year      82,884    44,205    22,103    27,628  176,820
1991          Full Year      84,248    44,933    22,466    28,083  179,730
1992          Full Year      85,612    45,660    22,830    28,538  182,640
1993          Full Year      86,976    46,388    23,194    28,992  185,550
1994-2002     Each Full Year 88,340    47,115    23,558    29,447  188,460
2003          Jan.1-Mar.31   19,906    10,601     5,300     6,655   42,462
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
         The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 7.3(a). After giving effect to any such
adjustment, the term "Fixed Quantity" shall mean the applicable
Fixed Quantity as so adjusted, and the respective obligations of
Seller to sell, and each Buyer to purchase, receive and pay for, or
pay for if not taken, Fixed Quantities of LNG in any Fixed Quantity
Period, shall apply to the applicable Fixed Quantities as so
adjusted.

         7.2  Reallocation of Cargoes: Rate of Deliveries
              (a)  Each Buyer, upon appropriate notice to Seller, may
reallocate all or part of an LNG Tanker cargo from one Buyer to
another Buyer.

              In case of such reallocation, the ownership of such cargo
or part thereof shall be transferred directly from Seller to the
new Buyer in place of the original Buyer, but the respective Fixed
Quantities of the Buyers concerned shall not be changed and the
cargo in question shall be deemed to be received by the original
Buyer in connection with its take or pay obligations under Section
7.3(a).

              Each such reallocation shall be documented in a form to
be established by Seller and Buyers, executed by the original Buyer
and the Buyer which win actually receive the cargo, which document
will provide that the receiving Buyer will assume and be
responsible to Seller for performance of the obligations of the
original Buyer in respect of such cargo, and that such cargo is
deemed to be taken by the original Buyer in connection with its
take or pay obligations under Section 7.3(a).

              Buyers will exercise the right to reallocate cargoes in
a manner that will not materially disrupt the shipping schedules at
the Badak Facility.

              (b)  Within each Fixed Quantity Period the quantities to
be delivered by Seller and received by Buyers at the Badak Facility
shall be delivered and received at rates and intervals which are
reasonably constant over the course of such Fixed Quantity Period,
after taking into account all commitments of the Badak Facility and
taking into consideration the downtime, shipping and other matters
referred to in Article 12, so as to assure, as nearly as
practicable, an even production rate at the Badak Facility and an
even rate of deliveries at the Delivery Point.

         7.3  Buyer's Obligation to Take or Pay
              (a)  If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, any Buyer
should fail to take the full Fixed Quantity applicable thereto,
such Buyer shall pay Seller, at the Contract Sales Price in effect
as of the last day of such Fixed Quantity Period, for the
quantities of LNG required to be purchased but which were not taken
by such Buyer during such Fixed Quantity Period (any such quantity
deficiency being called a "Quantity Deficiency"), subject, however,
to paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) below and the following:

              (i)  If, after taking into account all adjustments
                   provided for in this Section 7.3 including any
                   Allowance that has been exercised, the Quantity
                   Deficiency of a Buyer at the end of any Fixed
                   Quantity Period amounts to less than 2.9 trillion
                   BTU'S, the amount of such Quantity Deficiency shall
                   be carried forward and added to the Fixed Quantity
                   of such Buyer for the next succeeding Fixed Quantity
                   Period; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
                   if the total Quantity Deficiency of those Buyers
                   whose Quantity Deficiency is less than 2.9 trillion
                   BTU's shall exceed 5.8 trillion BTU's, the amount of
                   carry forward for such Buyers shall be determined as
                   follows:
         
                   (A)  Any Buyer who has a Round-Up Request denied
                        shall carry forward its Quantity Deficiency;

              (B)  Any Buyer, other than a Buyer to whom (A) next above
                   applies, shall carry forward the amount of such
                   Quantity Deficiency up to 1.45 trillion BTU'S; and

              (C)  Any Buyer whose Quantity Deficiency has not been
                   fully carried forward under (A) or (B) next above
                   shall in addition carry forward its share of the
                   amount equal to 5.8 trillion BTU's minus the total
                   carry forward amount allowed under (B) above,
                   allocated among all such Buyers in proportion to the
                   amount by which each of their respective Quantity
                   Deficiencies exceeds 1.45 trillion BTU's (calculated
                   to the nearest million BTU's).

              The amount carried forward pursuant to this clause (i)
              shall be deducted from the Quantity Deficiency of such
              Buyer and each Buyer to whom this clause (i) applies
              shall be subject to take or pay pursuant to this Section
              7.3 only if and to the extent any Quantity Deficiency
              remains after such deduction.

              (ii) If, at the time each Annual Program is
                   developed, the Quantity Deficiency of a Buyer
                   for the applicable year is estimated to amount
                   to less than a full cargo, such Buyer shall
                   have the right to request an increase in the
                   quantities which such Buyer wishes to take in
                   such year in an amount sufficient to fill out
                   such cargo (such right being herein referred
                   to as a "Round-Up Request").  Any such
                   Round-Up Request shall not, however, increase
                   the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer.  If Buyer
                   does not make a Round-Up Request, or if Seller
                   elects not to honor such Round-Up Request, the
                   non-delivery of the partial cargo of Fixed
                   Quantity shall not constitute a failure of
                   Seller to make LNG available for sale for the
                   purpose of paragraph (b) below.

              (iii)     At the time the Annual Program is being
                        prepared for 1994 or any subsequent year, the
                        Fixed Quantities shall be adjusted at the
                        request of Buyers to effect the acceleration
                        by one year of up to 2,910 billion BTU's if
                        necessary to ensure that, taking into account
                        scheduled drydockings, Buyers have adequate
                        shipping capacity to transport the Fixed
                        Quantities during the year following that for
                        which the Annual Program is being prepared. 
                        Such acceleration shall be effected by an
                        appropriate increase to the Fixed Quantity of
                        a single Buyer or appropriate increases to the
                        Fixed Quantities of all or a number of Buyers,
                        as specified in such Buyers' request. 
                        Corresponding decreases shall be made to the
                        Fixed Quantity or Fixed Quantities of the same
                        Buyer(s) for the Fixed Quantity Period
                        following the Fixed Quantity Period during
                        which such acceleration occurs.

              (iv) If, at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period, a
                   Buyer has purchased and received quantities of
                   LNG hereunder in excess of the Fixed Quantity
                   of such Buyer for such Fixed Quantity Period
                   other than Make-Up LNG, Make-Good LNG or
                   Restoration Quantities, the excess shall be
                   applicable to reduce the Fixed Quantity of
                   such Buyer for the next succeeding Fixed
                   Quantity Period.

              (b)  The obligations (set forth in paragraph (a) above)
of each Buyer with regard to any Fixed Quantity Period to pay for
Fixed Quantities not taken shall be reduced by the quantity of LNG
which such Buyer was unable to purchase because of an event of
force majeure as defined in Article 15 affecting either Seller or
such Buyer or because of Seller's failure for any other reason to
make such quantity available for sale in accordance with this
Contract.
              (c)  In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by
Seller and purchased by a Buyer for each Fixed Quantity Period,
quantities delivered and purchased within the first seven (7) days
of the next following Fixed Quantity Period shall be included,
provided such quantities were scheduled in the Annual Program for
the Fixed Quantity Period with respect to which the calculation is
being made.
              (d)  The obligation of a Buyer pursuant to paragraph (a)
above to pay for quantities not taken may be reduced by the
exercise of an Allowance as follows:

              (i)  Each Allowance must be exercised by notice in
                   writing given to Seller by Buyers' Coordinator,
                   which will act as agent for Buyers in connection
                   with the exercise of all Allowances.  A notice of
                   the exercise of an Allowance given by Buyers'
                   Coordinator shall be deemed to have both the
                   authority of the Buyer on whose behalf it is
                   expressed to be given (the "Exercising Buyer") and
                   the consent of all other Buyers.  No purported
                   direct exercise of an Allowance by a Buyer shall be
                   valid.  A notice of exercise of an Allowance must be
                   received by Seller on or before January 12 of the
                   year following the Fixed Quantity Period in respect
                   of which such Allowance is exercised.

              (ii) Each notice of exercise of an Allowance shall
                   specify the Exercising Buyer and the quantity
                   of LNG by which such Buyer's obligation to
                   take and/or pay during the relevant Fixed
                   Quantity Period is to be reduced.

              (iii)     No Allowance can be exercised which would
                        result in the aggregate Allowances then
                        outstanding for all Buyers during any Fixed
                        Quantity Period prior to 1994 being in excess
                        of five percent (5%) of the total Fixed
                        Quantities for all Buyers for such Fixed
                        Quantity Period, or thereafter being in excess
                        of 9,423 billion BTU'S.  Subject to the
                        provisions of subparagraph (viii) below, an
                        Allowance (or portion thereof) is outstanding
                        until either the Make-Good Obligation pursuant
                        to subparagraph (iv) below is satisfied or
                        payment in respect thereof is made pursuant to
                        subparagraph (vi) below.
              (iv) Each Allowance shall be made good in full
                   (even if it amounts to a fractional portion of
                   a full cargo lot) by the purchase of an equal
                   quantity of LNG in excess of Fixed Quantities
                   ("Make-Good LNG") within a period
                   ("Allowance.Restoration Period") commencing
                   January 1 of the year following the Fixed
                   Quantity Period in relation to which such
                   Allowance was exercised and ending with the
                   earlier of the expiration of five (5) calendar
                   years or June 30, 2003.  No Buyer may satisfy
                   a Make-Good Obligation or any part thereof
                   during a Fixed Quantity Period until it shall
                   first have taken its Fixed Quantity for such
                   Fixed Quantity Period.  If a Buyer has more
                   than one Allowance outstanding, the Make-Good
                   Obligations in respect thereof shall be
                   satisfied in the same chronological order in
                   which such Allowances were exercised.  One or
                   more Buyers may satisfy the Make-Good
                   Obligation with respect to an.  Allowance
                   exercised by another Buyer.

              (v)  Every request for Make-Good LNG shall be made by
                   Buyers' Coordinator on behalf of a named Buyer in
                   accordance with Section 12.1 and shall specify the
                   Allowance to which it relates.  Each such request
                   shall be deemed to have the authority of the named
                   Buyer and, if the named Buyer is not the Exercising
                   Buyer, of the Exercising Buyer.

              (vi) If, at the expiration of the Allowance
                   Restoration Period, a MakeGood Obligation has
                   not been satisfied in full, the Exercising
                   Buyer (whether or not a Buyer other than the
                   Exercising Buyer was named in any relevant
                   request for Make-Good LNG) shall pay for any
                   unsatisfied portion of the Make-Good
                   Obligation at the Contract Sales Price in
                   effect as of the last day of such Allowance
                   Restoration Period; provided, however, that
                   for the purposes of determining such Contract
                   Sales Price, "R" under Section 8.2 shall be
                   the value shown for the year in which such
                   Allowance was exercised.  The Buyer shall have
                   the right to request Make-Up LNG pursuant to
                   Section 7.5 with respect to any such payment.

              (vii)     Seller shall not be obligated to reserve any
                        LNG production or shipping capacity for the
                        purposes of permitting Buyers to satisfy
                        Make-Good Obligations. -

              (viii)    In the event that Buyers' Coordinator requests
                        quantities of LNG to satisfy a Make-Good
                        Obligation on behalf of a Buyer or Buyers
                        which Seller is unable to make available for
                        any reason including force majeure, the
                        following provisions shall apply:

                   (A)  The Exercising Buyer shall be relieved from
                        the obligation pursuant to subparagraph (vi)
                        above to pay for such requested quantities as
                        of the expiration of the Allowance Restoration
                        Period relating thereto, except in the case
                        where subparagraph (viii)(C) below requires
                        such payment;

                   (B)       Such requested quantities shall be deemed not
                        outstanding for the purposes of subparagraph
                        (iii) above until Seller shall (whether during
                        or after the Allowance Restoration Period)
                        have offered the same to such Buyer but shall
                        then be outstanding if such Buyer does not
                        accept such offer; any change in the quantity
                        outstanding due to a failure to accept such an
                        offer shall not result in an acceleration of
                        any then outstanding Make-Good Obligation; and

                   (C)       Such requested quantities shall be scheduled
                        for delivery at any time prior to June 30,
                        2003 as mutually agreed by Seller and the
                        Buyer having the Make-Good Obligation.  If
                        such requested quantities have not been
                        scheduled as of the end of the last Fixed
                        Quantity Period and should Seller be unable to
                        deliver such requested quantities during the
                        three (3) months following the last Fixed
                        Quantity Period, Buyer shall have no further
                        obligation in respect thereof.  If Seller
                        gives Buyer reasonable notice that such
                        requested quantities are available during such
                        three-month period but Buyer does not take
                        such quantities, Buyer shall then make the
                        payment required under subparagraph (vi)
                        above.

              (e)  A reduction shall be made to any Quantity Deficiency
equal to the amount by which such Quantity Deficiency resulted from
a partial loading of an LNG Tanker during the relevant Fixed
Quantity Period due to reasons attributable to Seller.

         7.4  Allocation of Deliveries between Buyers and Other
         Purchasers
              (a)  Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller under this
Contract must be reduced by reason of an event or circumstance of
force majeure as defined in Article 15 affecting Seller's ability
to produce or load LNG from the Badak Facility, an allocation of
quantities then available for sale at the Badak Facility will be
made between Buyers and other purchasers of LNG from the Badak
Facility.  At such times the total quantities available for sale
from the Badak Facility shall be allocated among the purchasers
therefrom (including the Buyers) pro rata in the ratio of their
respective quantities which are eligible for allocation as -
provided below.  The quantities eligible for such allocation shall,
as to Buyers, be the Fixed Quantities to be purchased hereunder
during the period of such force majeure and, as to other
purchasers, be those fixed or contract quantities of LNG which are
committed for sale from the Badak Facility during the period of
such force majeure in satisfaction of Seller's contracts with other
purchasers which provide for sales of LNG over a term of at least
fifteen (15) years.

              (b)  If such an event of force majeure does not preclude
full production and loading of all Fixed Quantities under the
allocation formula described in paragraph (a) above but is of such
an extent as to prevent Seller from producing and loading all
Make-Up LNG, Make-Good LNG and Restoration Quantities scheduled for
delivery from the Badak Facility to Buyers and equivalent
quantities scheduled for- delivery from the Badak Facility to,
other purchasers under LNG sales contracts providing for deliveries
over a term of at least fifteen (15) years, quantities of such LNG
as are available shall be allocated between Buyers and such other
purchasers in proportion to the respective quantities so scheduled.

         7.5   Take-or-Pay Make-Up
              If pursuant to Section 73 (a) or Section 7.3 (d) (vi) a
Buyer shall have paid for any quantity of LNG which was not taken
by such Buyer ("Take-or-Pay Quantity") then in any subsequent year
the said Buyer may purchase up to an equal quantity of LNG from
Seller as make-up LNG ("Make-Up LNG") (to the extent not previously
made up).  A Buyer may request Make-Up LNG by giving written notice
to Seller as provided in Section 12.1. If, during any year for
which Make-Up LNG has been requested , (i) Seller has uncommitted
quantities of LNG available for such purposes and (ii) such Buyer
shall have first taken and paid for its Fixed Quantity for such
year, then Seller shall sell to such Buyer the quantity of Make-Up
LNG requested.  A Buyer's right to purchase Make-Up LNG under this
Section 7.5 shall expire on March 31, 2004 unless such Buyer shall
have requested Make-Up LNG during the preceding twelve (12) months
and Seller shall have had insufficient uncommitted LNG to meet such
request.  In such circumstances, the parties shall consult to agree
upon a deferred schedule for Buyer to take delivery of any
outstanding balance of Take-or-Pay Quantity not made up by March
31, 2004.  Each Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG at the Contract
Sales Price in effect as of the date of delivery, reduced by the
amount previously paid on account of all or that part of the
Take-or-Pay Quantity being made up by such sale.  Take-or-Pay
Quantities shall be made up, and prior payments applicable thereto
applied, in the same chronological order in which such quantities
accrued.

         7.6   Force Majeure Deficiency
              (a)  If during any Fixed Quantity Period or Fixed
Quantity Periods all or any portion of the Fixed Quantity of LNG
required to be taken by any Buyer therein is not delivered by
Seller or taken by such Buyer by reason of force majeure as defined
in Article 15 (any such quantity not taken for such reason being
called a "Force Majeure Deficiency"), Seller and the Buyer or
Buyers concerned shall each make best efforts to restore the Force
Majeure Deficiency in full by Seller selling and the Buyer or
Buyers purchasing such quantities of LNG prior to the expiration of
the last Fixed Quantity Period.  The restoration quantities so
agreed ("Restoration Quantities") will be scheduled for delivery
pursuant to Article 12 at the mutual convenience of the parties. 
Such Restoration Quantities shall be subordinate to Make-Good LNG
requested pursuant to Section 7.3(d) and Make-Up LNG requested
pursuant to Section 7.5.
          (b) If an event of force majeure relieves or delays the
performance by any Buyer of its obligations under this Contract and
causes a reduction in deliveries of LNG, and Seller sells to third
parties quantities of LNG which Buyers are unable to purchase, then
the Force  Majeure  Deficiency shall be reduced by the amount, if
any, that the Seller's Gas Supply Obligation (including amounts so
sold to third parties) exceeds the estimate of Proved Remaining
Recoverable Reserves stated in the most recent Certificate as a
result of such sales.

         7.7  Allocation of Make-Good LNG, Make-Up LNG and Restoration
Quantities
              Whenever Make-Good LNG is requested under Section 7.3(d),
Make-Up LNG is requested under Section 7.5 and/or Restoration
Quantities are requested under Section 7.6(a) by a Buyer or Buyers,
and quantities are requested for similar purposes by other
purchasers from the Badak Facility, and uncommitted quantities of
LNG are not available from the Badak Facility to meet all such
requests, then the quantities of LNG which are available from the
Badak Facility for such purposes shall be allocated, as between
such Buyer or Buyers on the one hand and such other purchasers on
the other hand, based on the proportion of the contract quantities
of each requesting purchaser to the total of the contract
quantities of all of the requesting purchasers.

         7.8  Order of Priority of Make-Good LNG and Make-Up LNG      
             
              Make-Good LNG requested under Section 7.3(d) and Make-Up
LNG requested under Section 7.5 shall be delivered in the priority
specified by Buyers' Coordinator. 

ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE


         8.1  Initial Contract Sales Price
              The Initial Contract Sales Price applicable, as of
January 1, 1981, to the quantities of LNG to be sold at the
Delivery Point and to any quantities of LNG required to be taken
but which are not taken and are required to be paid for by a Buyer
under this Contract, expressed in United States Dollars per million
British Thermal Units (U.S.$/MMBTU), shall be U.S. $5.87 (the
"Initial Contract Sales Price").

         8.2    Contract Sales Price and Adjustments Thereto
              The Initial Contract Sales Price is subject to adjustment
from time to time according to the following provisions of this
Article 8, and such price as adjusted and in effect at any time
shall be the contract sales price (the "Contract Sales Price")
which is in effect hereunder at such time.  The Contract Sales
Price to be applied to the BTU's comprising each cargo shall be
that Contract Sales Price in effect as of the date of completion of
loading of such cargo.
              A Contract Sales Price adjustment shall be made as of
each effective date on which either: (i) the realized export prices
(except premiums and except prices for spot sales) of more than one
of the field classifications of Indonesian crude oils then being
sold and exported shall have changed from the respective prices
therefor included in the last preceding Contract Sales Price
adjustment made pursuant to this Section 8.2, (ii) two or more
field classifications of such crude oils shall have been added to
or deleted from the field classifications of crude oils being
exported from Indonesia, since the date of the last preceding
Contract Sales Price adjustment made pursuant to this Section 8.2
or (iii) January 1 of each year in which the value of "R" changes. 
The export price and classification data required to make the above
determination shall be verified by the Ministry of Mines and Energy
of the Republic of Indonesia.  In every case such adjustment is to
be made in accordance with the following formula:
         PA =      Po     Ax   R
                          Ay

in which PA =      the Contract Sales Price as such term is used
herein (as

                   expressed in U.S.$/MMBTU).


         PO =      the Initial Contract Sales Price.


         Ax =      the arithmetic average of the realized export
                   prices  in  U.S.

                   Dollars  per  barrel, f.o.b. Indonesia, of all
                   field classifications of Indonesian crude oils
                   then being sold and exported, except premiums
                   and except such prices for spot sales.


         Ay =      U.S.$35.69, being the arithmetic average on
                   January  1, 1981 of the realized export prices
                   in U. S. Dollarsper barrel,f.o.b. Indonesia,
                   of all field classificationsof Indonesiancrude
                   oils  then being sold and exported, except
                   premiums and except such prices for spot
                   sales.




         R =       U.S.$O.04/MMBTU during the calendar year 1990

                   U.S.$O.06/MMBTU during the calendar year 1991

                   U.S.$O.08/MMBTU during the calendar year 1992

                   U.S.$O.10/MMBTU during the calendar year 1993

                   U.S.$O.12/MMBTU from and after January 1, 1994

provided, however, that during such period or periods as the
Contract Sales Price shall be less than 98.2 percent of the LNG
Element of the contract sales price calculated pursuant to the
formula set forth in the 1973 LNG Sales Contract (the "Floor
Price") then such Floor Price shall be substituted for the product
of the above formula and shall become the Contract Sales Price
hereunder. 

ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE

          Delivery shall be deemed completed and title and risk of
loss shall pass from Seller to the purchasing Buyer as the LNG
reaches the Delivery Point.
 
ARTICLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENT

    10.1       Cargo Invoices and Documents
         Promptly after completion of loading of each LNG Tanker,
Seller, or its representative, shall furnish to the receiving
Buyer, or Buyers' Representative, a certificate of quantity loaded
together with such other documents concerning the cargo as may be
reasonably requested by Buyers for the purpose of Japanese customs
clearance.  Seller shall further, within forty-eight (48) hours of
completing, the loading, cause a laboratory analysis to be
completed to determine the quality of the LNG and shall promptly
furnish Buyer, or Buyers' Representative, a certificate with
respect thereto together with details of the calculation of the
number of BTU's sold.  Promptly upon completion of such analysis
and calculation, Seller, or its representative, shall furnish by
telex or telegram to the receiving Buyer an invoice, stated in U.S.
Dollars in the amount of the Contract Sales Price for the number of
BTU's sold together with component MOL fractions, temperature,
pressure and volume delivered.  At the same time, Seller shall send
Buyer a signed copy of the invoice and relevant documents showing
the basis for the calculation thereof.

    10.2 Other Invoices
         In the event that any monies are due from one party to
         the other
hereunder, including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant
to Section 73 on account of Fixed Quantities of LNG required to be
purchased but which were not taken by such Buyer, then the party to
whom such monies are due shall furnish or cause to be furnished an
invoice therefor and relevant documents showing the basis for the
calculation thereof.  The procedure set forth in Section 10.1 for
sending a copy of such invoice by telex or telegram may be
followed.
    10.3 Invoice Due Dates
         Each invoice to a Buyer referred to in Section 10.1 above
shall become due and payable by such Buyer on the eighth (8th)
Business Day in Japan after the date on which the invoice (which
may be in telex or telegraphic form) has been received by Buyer in
Japan.

         Each other invoice to a Buyer hereunder shall become due
and payable by such Buyer within twenty (20) calendar days after
the date of Buyer's receipt of such invoice in Japan.

         Each invoice delivered to Seller shall become due and
payable on the fourteenth (14th) calendar day after Seller's
receipt thereof.

         If any invoice due date is not a Business Day in Japan,
such invoice shall become due and payable on the next day which is
a Business Day in Japan.

         In the event the full amount of any invoice is not paid
when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear-interest from the
due date until paid, at an interest rate compounded annually, two
percent (2%) greater than the rate or rates being charged during th
!-,Period of delinquency by Citibank, N.A-, New York, New York, to
its prime commercial customers for ninety-day loans.  Such interest
rate shall be adjusted, up or down as the case may be, to reflect
any changes in the aforesaid prime rate as of the dates of such
changes in the prime rate.  In the event that Citibank, N.A- shall
for any reason cease quoting a prime rate as described above, then
a comparable rate shall be determined using rates then in effect
and shall be used in place of the said prime rate.

    10.4 Payment
         Each Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S.
Dollars  all  amounts which become due and payable by such Buyer
pursuant to any invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account or
accounts in the United States to be designated by Seller., Seller
shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars all amounts which
become due and payable by Seller pursuant to any invoices issued
hereunder to a bank account in Japan designated by Buyers. - The
paying party shall not be responsible for a designated bank's
disbursement of amounts remitted to such bank, and a deposit in
immediately available funds of the full amount of each invoice with
such bank shall constitute full discharge and satisfaction of the
obligations under this Contract for which such amounts were
remitted.  Each payment of any amount owing hereunder shall be in
the full amount due without reduction or offset for any reason,
including, without limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank
transfer charges.
         Transfer of funds to the bank in the United States,
effected from Japan before the close of business in Japan o n or
before the due date of any invoice shall be deemed timely payment
notwithstanding that such U.S. bank cannot credit such transfer as
immediately available funds for a period of up to fourteen (14)
hours by reason of the time difference between Japan and the United
States, or for one or more days which are not banking days in the
United States.

    10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
         If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG sold
hereunder or for Fixed Quantities of LNG not taken and for which a
Buyer is obligated to pay pursuant to this Contract is not made
within sixty (60) days after the due date thereof, Seller shall be
entitled, upon giving thirty (30) days' written notice to such
Buyer, to suspend subsequent sales to such Buyer until the amount
of such invoice and interest thereon has been paid, and such Buyer
shall not be entitled to any make-up rights in respect of such
suspended sales.  If any such invoice is not paid within one
hundred twenty (120) days after the due date thereof, then, subject
to the further provisions of this Section 10.5, Seller shall have
the right at Seller's election, upon not less than eighty (80)
days' notice to Buyer or Buyers, as the case may be, to exercise
either of the following options:
         (i)   Seller may terminate this Contract in respect of
               the defaulting Buyer only, in which event this
               Contract shall continue in effect between Seller
               and the other Buyers just as though the defaulting
               Buyer had never been a party and the quantities of
               LNG thereafter to be purchased and received by such
               defaulting Buyer had never been included in this
               Contract; or

         (ii)  Seller may terminate this Contract in its entirety
               as to Buyers unless prior to such termination
               arrangements shall have been made which are
               satisfactory to Saner for the payment of all
               amounts owed Seller by the defaulting Buyer and for
               the assumption of the LNG quantity and other
               obligations of the defaulting Buyer under this
               Contract by one or more Buyer(s) not defaulting.

Termination by Seller under clause (i) or (ii) above shall become
effective upon the date specified in such notice from Seller.  Any
such termination shall be without prejudice to any other rights and
remedies of Seller arising hereunder or by law or otherwise,
including the right of Seller to receive payment of all obligations
and claims which arose or accrued prior to such termination or by
reason of such default by a Buyer or Buyers.

    10.6 Disputed Invoices

               In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice,
the invoiced party shall make provisional payment of the total
amount thereof and shall immediately notify the other party of the
reasons for such disagreement except that in the case of obvious
error in computation the correct amount shall be paid disregarding
such error.  Invoices may be contested or modified only if, within
a period of ninety (90) days after receipt thereof, Buyer or Seller
serves notice on the other, questioning their correctness.  If no
such notice is served, invoices shall be deemed correct and
accepted by both parties.  Promptly after resolution of any dispute
as to an invoice, the amount of any overpayment or underpayment
shall be paid by Seller or Buyer to the other, as the case may be,
plus interest at the rate provided in Section 10.3 from the date
payment was due to the date of payment.
ARTICLE 11 - QUALITY
    11.1 Gross Heating Value
               The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall
have,in a gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than
1065 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1165 BTU per
Standard Cubic Foot.  The expected range will be between 1105 and
1160 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot.

    11.2 Components
         The LNG delivered by Seller to.  Buyers shall, in a
gaseous state, contain not less than eighty-five molecular
percentage (85 MOL%) of methane (CH4) and, for the components and
substances listed below, such LNG shall not contain more than the
following:

         A.    Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 MOL%.
         B.    Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 MOL%.
         C.    Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 MOL%.
         D.    Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100
               Standard Cubic Feet
               (0.25 grains/100 scf).
         E.    Total sulfur cont!i!t, 1.3 grains per 100 Standard
               Cubic Feet (1.3 grains/100 scf).

         Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyers is
permitted to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in clauses D
and E above, under normal operating conditions at the Badak
Facility, Seller would expect such concentrations to be materially
less.

          Should any question regarding quality of the LNG arise,
Buyers and Seller shall consult and cooperate concerning such
questions.
ARTICLE 12 - SCHEDULING
    12.1 Annual Program           
         (a)   Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the
beginning of each calendar year commencing with the year in which
the first Fixed Quantity Period occurs, Seller shall give written
notice to Buyers of the anticipated quantities of LNG to be
available for sale hereunder from the Badak Facility for each
calendar quarter of the next calendar year, specifying any
scheduled downtime of the Badak Facility.  On or before October 15
of. each year in which such notice is given, each Buyer shall
advise Seller in writing of. (i) the quantities such Buyer wishes
to take during each calendar quarter of the following year,
specifying the amount of any Make-Up LNG requested pursuant to
Section 7.5 and any Restoration Quantities in excess of Fixed
Quantities requested pursuant to Section 7.6, and (ii) any- planned
downtime for Receiving Facilities, Buyers' shipping capacity and
scheduled drydocking for LNG Tankers.  In addition, by October 15
of each year Buyers' Coordinator shall request any Make-Good LNG
pursuant to Section 7.3 (d).
          Seller and Buyers shall thereupon consult together with
a view to reaching agreement by December 1st of the same year and
Seller shall issue a programming schedule, including provisional
loading dates, for quantities sold hereunder to be loaded in full
cargo lots at the Badak Facility during each calendar month during
the following year (the "Annual Program"), and in so doing Seller
and Buyers shall take into consideration the contents of the above
notices.  The Annual Program shall take into account Seller's
commitments to other purchasers of LNG from the Badak Facility. 
Such Annual Program and the Ninety-Day Schedules referred to below
(and any revisions thereof) are intended to assist the parties in
planning their respective operations during the periods involved. 
The content of the Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedules shall
not reduce the entitlement of any party during any Fixed Quantity
Period to sen and be paid for, or to purchase and receive, as the
case may be, the quantities of LNG required under Article 7 to be
sold and paid for during such Fixed Quantity Period.  Seller and
Buyers will each take all appropriate steps to carry out each
Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedule.

         (b)   An Annual Program shall be amended to reflect a
         request for:
               (i) Make-Good LNG relating to an Allowance
                   exercised in respect of the immediately
                   preceding year;
               (ii)     Make-Up LNG relating to a Take-or-Pay
                        Quantity paid for in respect of the
                        immediately preceding year; or
               (iii)    Restoration Quantities relating to a
                        Force Majeure Deficiency arising in
                        respect of the immediately preceding
                        year; 

provided that the requested LNG is available and such request is
received by Seller not later than January 15 of the year to which
such Annual Program relates.

    12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules
         Not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each calendar
month, Seller shall, after discussion with each Buyer, deliver to
each Buyer a three-month forward plan of loadings (the "Ninety-Day
Schedule"), which follows the applicable Annual Program (or most
current draft thereof) as nearly as practicable and sets forth the
projected dates of loadings for each of the next three (3) calendar
months.  Each Ninety-Day Schedule shall reflect all adjustments, if
any, necessitated by deviation from prior Ninety-Day Schedules so
as to maintain as far as practicable the loadings forecast in the
Annual Program.  Both parties shall cooperate to facilitate smooth
performance of the Ninety-Day Schedule.  After consultation with
Buyers, Seller shall revise the Ninety-Day Schedule when
appropriate to meet operational requirements with the overall
objective of fulfilling the Annual Program as far as practicable,
taking into account any requests of Buyers for adjustments.
ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS AND TESTS
    13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
               Buyers shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause
to be supplied, operated and maintained, suitable gauging devices
for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, density, pressure and
temperature measuring devices, and any other measurement or testing
devices which are incorporated in the structure of LNG Tankers or
customarily maintained on shipboard.
         Seller shall supply, operate and maintain, or caused to
be supplied, operated and maintained, devices required for
collecting samples and for determining quality and composition of
the LNG and any other measurement or testing devices which are
necessary to perform the measurement and testing required hereunder
at the Badak Facility.

    13.2 Selection of Devices

               All devices provided for in this Article 13 shall

be chosen by  mutual agreement of the parties and shall be such
that at the time of selection are the most accurate and reliable
devices in their practical application.  The required degree of
accuracy of such devices selected shall be mutually agreed upon and
verified by Buyers and Seller in advance of their use, and at the
request of either Buyer or Seller such degree--of accuracy shall be
verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by such
Buyer and Seller.

    13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration
               The parties will cooperate closely in the design,
selection and acquisition of devices to be used for measurements
and tests under this Article 13 in order that, to the maximum
extent possible, all measurements and tests may be conducted either
in American units of measurement or in metric units of measurement. 
In the event that it becomes necessary to make measurements and
tests using a new system of units of measurement, the parties shall
establish mutually agreeable conversion tables, or, if they are
unable to agree, such tables may be established by the procedures
provided for resolution of disputes on measurement and testing in
Section 13.11. Measurement devices shall be calibrated as follows:
Measurement American Units       Metric Units

Volume      Cubic feet           Cubic meters

Temperature Degrees Fahrenheit   Degrees Centigrade

Pressure    Pounds per square    Kilograms per square
            inch or inches of    centimeter or
            mercury              millimeters of
                                 mercury

Length      Feet                 Meters

Weight      Pounds               Kilograms

Density     Pounds per cubic     Kilograms per cubic
            foot                 meter


    13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers
         Buyers shall provide Seller, or cause Seller to be
provided, with a certified copy of tank gauge tables for each tank
of each LNG Tanker verified by a competent impartial authority or
authorities mutually agreed upon by the parties.  Such tables shall
include correction tables for list, trim, tank construction and any
other items requiring such tables for accuracy of gauging.  Seller
and Buyers shall each have the right to have representatives
present at the time each LNG tank on each LNG Tanker is
volumetrically calibrated.  If the LNG tanks of any LNG Tanker
suffer distortion of such nature as to cause a prudent expert
reasonably to question the validity of the tank gauge tables
described herein (or any subsequent calibration provided for
herein), any Buyer or Seller may require recalibration of such LNG
tanks during any period when the LNG Tanker is out of service for
inspection and/or repairs.  Upon recalibration of the LNG tanks of
the LNG Tankers, the same procedures used to provide the original
tank  gauge tables will be used to provide revised tank gauge
tables based upon the recalibration data.  The calibration of tanks
provided for in this Section 13.4 shall constitute the only
calibration required for purposes of this Contract.

    13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered
         Volumes of LNG delivered pursuant to this Contract shall
be determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG Tankers
before and after loading.
         Gauging the liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tankers and
measuring of liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor pressure
and liquid density in each LNG tank, trim and list of the LNG
Tankers, and atmospheric pressure shall be performed, or caused to
be performed, by the Buyer purchasing the LNG, before and after
loading.

         The first gauging and measurements shall be made
immediately before the commencement of loading.  The second gauging
and measurements shall take place immediately after the completion
of loading.
         Copies of gauging and measurement records shall be
furnished to Seller.

         A.  Gauging the Liquid-Level of LNG
         The level of the LNG in each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker
shall be gauged by means of the gauging device installed in the LNG
Tanker for that purpose.  The level of the LNG in each tank shall
be logged or printed.

         B.  Determination of Temperature
         The temperature of the LNG and of the vapor space in each
cargo tank shall be measured by means of a sufficient number of
properly located temperature measuring devices to permit the
determination of average temperature.  Temperatures shall be logged
or printed.

         C.  Determination of Pressure
         The pressure of the vapor in each LNG tank shall be
determined by means of pressure measuring devices installed in each
LNG tank of the LNG Tankers.  The atmospheric pressure shall be
determined by readings from the standard barometer installed in the
LNG Tankers.

         D. Determination of Density
         Density of the LNG shall be computed by Seller or, if
mutually agreed, measured.  Initially the density of the LNG will
be computed by the method described in Schedule A attached hereto. 
Should any improved data, method of calculation or direct
measurement device become available which is acceptable to both
Buyers and Seller, such improved data, method or device shall then
be used.  If density is determined by measurements, the results
shag be logged or printed.
    13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis
         Representative samples of the LNG delivered shall be
obtained, or be caused to be obtained, in triplicate by Seller
during the time of loading.  The three (3) samples shall be taken
from an appropriate point on Seller's loading line as close as
possible to the loading flanges and collected in the gaseous state
using the continuous gasification/collection method agreed by
Buyers and Seller.
              In addition periodic samples shall be obtained
during loading.  Should Seller determine that it is necessary to
utilize periodic samples, the composition of the LNG delivered to
each LNG Tanker shall be the arithmetic average of the results
obtained by analysis of such samples.  The method and devices for
sampling and the quantity of the samples to be withdrawn shall be
determined by agreement between Buyers and Seller to provide for
taking representative and adequate samples of the LNG delivered.
The samples obtained shall be distributed as follows:

         First sample   -    for use of Seller.
         Second sample -     for use of Buyer receiving the LNG
                             shipment.
         Third sample  -     for retention by Seller for the
                             agreed  period, not to exceed
                             twenty-five (25) days, during which
                             period any dispute as to the
                             accuracy of any analysis shall be
                             raised, in which case the sample
                             shall be further retained until such
                             Buyer and Seller agree to retain it
                             no longer.
    13.7      Quality Analysis
              The samples provided for in Section 13.6 shall be
analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by Seller to determine the
molar fraction of the hydrocarbon and other components in the
sample by gas chromatography using a mutually agreed method in
accordance with "G.P.A. Standard 2261, Method of Analysis for
Natural Gas and Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas Chromatography",
published by G.P.A., current as of January 1, 1977 or as otherwise
mutually agreed upon.  If better standards for analysis are
subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other recognized competent
impartial authority, upon mutual agreement of Buyers and Seller,
they shall be substituted for the standard then in use, but such
substitution shall not take place retroactively.  A calibration of
the chromatograph or other analytical instrument used shall be
performed by Seller immediately prior to the analysis of the sample
of LNG delivered.  Seller shall give advance notice to Buyers of
the time Seller intends to conduct a calibration thereof and Buyers
shall have the right to have a representative present at each such
calibration; provided, however, Seller will not be obligated to
defer or reschedule any calibration in order to permit the
representative of Buyers to be present.
  
         The sample shall be analyzed, or be caused to be
analyzed, by Seller to determine the concentrations of Hydrogen
Sulfide (H2S) and total sulfur content referred to in Section 11.2
using the methods described in Schedule A attached hereto.

    13.8      Operating Procedures
              Prior to conducting operations for measurement,
gauging and analysis provided in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7, the
party responsible for such operations shall notify the appropriate
representatives of the other party, allowing such representatives
reasonable opportunity to be present for all operations and
computations; however, the absence of the other party's
representative after notification and opportunity to attend shall
not prevent any operations ;and computations from being performed. 
At the request of either party any measurement, gauging and
analysis provided for in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 shall be
witnessed and verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed
upon by the Buyer and Seller.  The results of such surveyor's
verifications shall be made available promptly to each party.  All
records of measurement and the computation results shag be reserved
and available to both parties for a period of not less than three
(3) years after such measurement and computation.

    13.9 BTU Quantities Sold

         The quantity of BTU's sold shall be calculated by Seller

following the procedures described in this Section 13.9, and shall
be verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by
Seller and Buyers.

         A.  Determination of Gross Heating Value
               The Gross Heating Value of the samples of the LNG
shall be determined by computation, in accordance with the method
described in Schedule A attached hereto, on the basis of the
molecular composition determined pursuant to Section 13.7 and of
the molecular weights and heating values described in G.P.A.
Publication 2145 published by G.P.A., current at the time of
computation.

              If better constants or improved methods for
determination of heating value are subsequently adopted by G.P.A.
or other recognized competent impartial authority, they shall, upon
mutual agreement of Seller and Buyers, be substituted. therefor but
not retroactively.  The Gross Heating Value of the representative
sample shall be the conclusive Gross Heating Value for the purpose
of determining quantities of BTU's sold.

         B.  Determination of Volume of LNG Loaded
               The LNG volume in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before
- -and after loading shall be determined by gauging as provided in
Section 13.5 on the basis of the tank gauge tables provided for in
Section 13.4. The volume of LNG remaining in the tanks of the LNG
Tanker before loading shall then be subtracted from the volume
after -loading and the resulting volume shall be taken as the
volume of the LNG delivered to the LNG Tanker.
               If failure of gauging and measuring devices of an
LNG Tanker should make it impossible to determine the LNG volume,
the volume of LNG delivered shall be determined by- gauging the
liquid level in Seller's onshore LNG storage tanks immediately
before and after loading the LNG Tanker, and such volume shag be
reduced by subtracting an estimated LNG volume, agreed upon by the
parties, for boil-off from such tanks during the loading of such
LNG Tanker.  Seller shall provide Buyers, or cause the Buyers to be
provided with, a certified copy of tank gauge tables for each
onshore LNG tank which is to be used for this purpose, such tables
to be verified by a competent impartial authority.

         C.  Determination of BTU Quantities Sold
               The quantities of BTU's sold shall be computed by
Seller by means of the following formula:
         Q     V x D x P
in which:     Q  =      represents the quantity of the LNG sold in
                        BTU's.
              V  =      represents the volume of the LNG loaded,
                        stated in cubic meters, determined as
                        provided in Section 13.9 B. 
              D  =      represents the density of the LNG loaded,
                        stated in kilograms per cubic meter,
                        determined as provided in Section 13.5 D.
              P  =      represents the Gross Heating Value of the
                        LNG loaded, stated in BTU's per
                        kilograms.
Physical constants, calculation procedures and examples of BTU
determination are provided in Schedule A.

    13.10     Verification of Accuracy and Correction for Error
              Accuracy of devices used shall be tested and
verified at the request of either party, including the request by
a party to verify accuracy of its own devices.  Each party shall
have the right to inspect at any time the measurement devices
installed by the other party, provided that the other party be
notified in advance.  Testing shall be performed only when both
parties are represented, or have received adequate advance notice
thereof, using methods recommended by the manufacturer or any other
method agreed to by Seller and Buyers.  At the request of any party
hereto, any test shall be witnessed and verified by an independent
surveyor mutually agreed upon by Buyers and Seller.  Permissible
tolerances shall be defined in Schedule A Inaccuracy of a device
exceeding the permissible tolerances shall require correction of
previous recordings, and computations made on the basis of those
recordings, to zero error with respect to any period which is
definitely known or agreed upon by the parties, as well as
adjustment of the device.  In the event that the period of error is
neither known nor agreed upon, corrections shall be made for each
delivery made during the last half of the period since the date of
the most- recent calibration of the inaccurate device.  However,
the provisions of this Section 13.10 shall not be applied to
require the modification of any invoice that.has become final
pursuant to Section 10.6.

    13.11     Disputes
               In the event of any dispute concerning the subject
matter of this Article 13, including, but not limited to, disputes
over selection of the type or the accuracy of measuring devices,
their calibration, the result of measurement, sampling, analysis,
computation or method of calculation, such dispute shall be
submitted to a competent impartial authority mutually agreed upon
by the parties or, ff such authority cannot be agreed upon within
thirty (30) days of request by either party, such dispute shall be
decided by arbitration pursuant to Article 16.  AU decisions of an
authority acting under this Section 13.11 shall be binding on the
parties.  Expenses incurred in connection with the services of such
authority shall be shared equally by the parties.
    13.12     Costs and Expenses of Test and Verification
         All costs and expenses for testing and verifying Seller's
measurement
devices as provided for in this Article 13 shall be borne by Seller
and all costs and expenses for testing and verifying Buyers'
measurement devices shall be borne by Buyers.  The fees and charges
of independent surveyors for measurements and calculations as
provided for in Sections 13.8 and 13.9 shall be borne equally by
Seller and Buyer.  When the services of independent surveyors are
required and selected by mutual agreement pursuant to Section
13.10, then the fees and charges of such surveyors shall be borne
equally by Seller and Buyers.

 ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES

          Seller shall pay (or reimburse Buyers for any such
payments made by them) all taxes, royalties, duties or other
imposts levied or imposed by the Indonesian Government or any
subdivision thereof, or any other governmental authority in
Indonesia, on the sale or export of LNG. 

ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE

    15.1 Events of Force Majeure
         Neither Seller nor any Buyer shall be liable for any
delay or failure in performance hereunder if and to the extent such
delay or failure in performance directly results from any of the
following:

         (a)  Other than LNG Tankers
              (i)       Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
                        lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado,
                        earthquake, landslide, soil erosion,
                        subsidence, washout or epidemic;

              (ii)      War, riot, civil war, blockade,
                        insurrection, act of public enemies or
                        civil disturbance;

              (iii)     Strike, lockout or other industrial
                        disturbance;

              (iv)      Serious accidental damage to or serious
                        failure of Seller's Facilities, unless
                        such damage or failure is the result of
                        willful negligence on the part of
                        Seller's management;

              (v)       Serious accidental damage to or serious
                        failure of a Buyer's Facilities, unless
                        such damage or failure is the result of
                        willful negligence on the part of such
                        Buyer's management;

              (vi)      The Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
                        of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area
                        expressed in the then most recent
                        Certificate referred to in Section 3.2
                        which can be economically produced have
                        been fully depleted; or
              (vii)     Act of government that directly affects
                        the lability of a party to perform any
                        obligation hereunder other than the
                        obligation to remit payments as provided
                        in Section 10.4 on account of LNG
                        delivered and taken or not taken but
                        required to be paid for under this
                        Contract.

         (b)  As to LNG Tankers

              (i)       The removal of an LNG Tanker from service
                        due to loss, serious accidental damage or
                        other serious failure, unless such loss,
                        damage or failure is the
                                       C>
                        result of willful negligence on the part
                        of   Buyers;

              (ii)      Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
                        lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado or
                        epidemic;

              (iii)     War, riot, civil war, blockade,
                        insurrection, act of public enemies or
                        civil disturbance;

              (iv)      Strike, lockout or other industrial
                        disturbance occurring aboard an LNG
                        Tanker of at a port or other facility at
                        which such an LNG Tanker calls; or

              (v)       Act of government

    15.2 Notice: Resumption of Normal Performance
         (a)   Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of
force majeure that gives a party warning that the event may delay
or prevent the performance by Seller or any Buyer of any of its
obligations hereunder, the party affected shall give notice thereof
to the other parties describing such event and stating the
obligations the performance of which are, or are expected to be,
delayed or prevented, and (either in the original or in
supplemental notices) stating:
              (i)  The estimated period during which performance
                   may be suspended or reduced, including, to the
                   extent known or ascertainable, the estimated
                   extent of such reduction in performance; and

              (ii) The particulars of the program to be
                   implemented to ensure full resumption of
                   normal performance hereunder.

         (b)  In order to ensure resumption of normal performance
of this Contract within the shortest practicable time, the party
affected by an event of force majeure shall take all measures to
this end which are reasonable in the circumstance, taking into
account the consequences resulting from such event of force
majeure.  Prior to resumption of normal performance the parties
shall continue to perform their obligations under this Contract to
the extent not prevented by such event.

    15.3 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances
         Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
         disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of
         the party experiencing such situations and nothing herein
         shall require such party to settle industrial disputes by
         yielding to demands made on it when it considers such
         action inadvisable. 


ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION

              All disputes arising between any Buyer or Buyers, on
the one hand, and Seller, on the other hand, relating to this
Contract or the interpretation or performance hereof, shall be
finally settled by arbitration conducted in accordance with the
Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce,
effective at the time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in
accordance with such Rules.  Arbitration shall be conducted in the
English language and shall be held at Paris, France, unless another
location is selected by mutual agreement of the parties concerned. 
The award rendered by the arbitrators shall be final and binding
upon the parties concerned.

ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW

               This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States
of America. 

ARTICLE 18 - BUYERS' COORDINATOR AND REPRESENTATIVE

              Buyers will from time to time designate a Buyers'
Coordinator and a Buyers' Representative to act on behalf of each
Buyer in performing the following:
         A.   Coordination among each of the Buyers, and between
              Seller and Buyer or Buyers, and the handling of
              communications between Seller and Buyer or Buyers
              in connection with performance of this Contract, in
              particular the exercise of Allowances pursuant to
              Section 73; and

         B.   Implementation of various operations of each Buyer
              or of Buyers which are necessary in connection with
              purchasing and receiving of LNG hereunder.

         Buyers shall notify Seller the name and address of the
entities to act as Buyers' Coordinator and Buyers' Representative
and shall specify the duties to be performed by each such entity. 
Buyers have notified Seller that Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. is
presently acting as Buyers' Coordinator, and that P.T. Jasa Enersi
Pratama Nusantara is presently acting as Buyers' Representative.

         Seller shall be entitled to accept and rely upon any
communication received from Buyers' Coordinator or Buyers'
Representative as if received directly from one or more of the
Buyers, and to give communications to Buyers' Coordinator or
Buyers' Representative with the same effect as if given directly to
a Buyer or Buyers.  No act of or authorization to Buyers'
Coordinator or Buyers' Representative shall relieve any Buyer from
performance of any obligation or payment of any liability of such
Buyer hereunder, each Buyer remaining primarily liable therefor at
all times.
 ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY

         Confidential information or documents in the possession
of the parties relating to the project or the performance of this
Contract may not be used or communicated to third parties without
the agreement of Seller, in the case of information and documents
furnished to Buyers, and of the Buyer or Buyers concerned, in the
case of information and documents furnished to Seller, except that
such information or documents can be used by or communicated to:

         A.   Any of Seller's Suppliers or any Affiliate (as
              defined below) of
              Seller's Suppliers or of a party, with the
              obligation of the receiving persons to maintain
              confidentiality;

         B.   Persons participating in the implementation of this
              project, such as Buyers' Transporter, Buyers'
              Coordinator, Buyers' Representative, legal counsel,
              accountants, other professional, business or
              technical consultants and advisers, underwriters or
              lenders, with the obligation of the receiving
              persons to maintain confidentiality; and

         C.   Governmental authorities of the Republic of
              Indonesia, Japan or
              the United States of America having authority to
              require such disclosure, in accordance with that
              authority.

As used before, the term "Affiliate" means a company that controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, the party or any
of Seller's Suppliers.
ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES

         All notices and other communications for purposes of this
Contract shall be in writing, which shall include transmission by
telex, facsimile or cable, except that notices given from LNG
Tankers at sea may be by radio.  Notices and communications shall
be directed as follows:
         A.   To Seller at the following mail address --

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)
Attention: Head of Gas Marketing Bureau
P.O. Box 12/JKT
Jalan Merdeka Timur No. 1A
Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia

And at the following cable and telex addresses -

              Cable:                        Telex:
              PERTAMINA                     PERTAMINA
              JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA    44302 or 44152
              Attention:  Head of Gas 
                           Marketing        JAKARTA,
              Bureau                        INDONESIA
                                            Facsimile: 355271

         B.   To Buyers at the following mail and telex addresses
              --

              CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
              (Mail address) Attention: Fuel Department
                             1, Toshin-cho, Higashi-ku,
                             Nagoya, 461 Japan

              (Telex address)     4444405 CHUDEN J

              THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
              (Mail address) Attention: Fuel Department
                             3-22, Nakanoshima 3-chome, Kita-k-u,
                             Osaka, 530 Japan
              
              (Telex address)     5248320 KEPCO J



              OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
              (Mail address) Attention: Gas Resources Department
                             4-1-2, Hiranomachi, Chuo-k-u,
                             Osaka, 541 Japan

              (Telex address)     5225275 DAIGAS J

              TOHO GAS CO., LTD.
              (Mail address) Attention: Raw Materials Department
                             19-18, Sakurada-cho, Atsuta-k-U,
                             Nagoya, 456 Japan

              (Telex address)     4477651 TOHOGS J

         The parties may designate additional addresses for
particular communications as required from time to time, and may
chance any addresses, by notice given thirty (30) days in advance
of such additions or chances.  Immediately upon receiving
communications by telex, facsimile, cable or radio, a party shall
acknowledge receipt by the same means, and may request a repeat
transmittal of entire communication or confirmation of particular
matters.  If the sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt
within twenty-four (24) hours, or receives a request for repeat
transmittal or confirmation, said party shall repeat the
transmittal or answer the particular request. 

ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT

         Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations
hereunder may be assigned by any Buyer without the prior written
consent of Seller, or by Seller without the prior written consent
of each Buyer.  Any request by a Buyer for Seller's consent to an
assignment shall be accompanied by the written consent of each
other Buyer to the proposed assignment.

ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENTS

         This Contract may not be amended, modified, varied or
supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by Seller
and Buyers.

          Performance of any condition or obligation to be
performed hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived or
postponed except by an instrument in writing signed by the party
who is claimed to have granted such waiver or postponement.

ARTICLE 23 - SEPARABILITY

         This Contract shall be binding upon each Buyer in
accordance with its terms.  The liabilities of Buyers under this
Contract are several and not joint, and each Buyer shall be liable
only for performance of the obligations of such Buyer as provided
in this Contract.

ARTICLE 24 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE

         Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall
be mutually agreed upon by Seller and each Buyer separately or,
when necessary and desirable, by Seller and Buyers on a coordinated
and mutually agreeable basis. 

ARTICLE 25 - SCOPE

         This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
and replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in any
other agreement between the parties, whether written or oral, prior
to the date of the original execution hereof.

         Subsequent to the date of original execution of this
Contract, various agreements, manuals, procedures and details of
performance relating to the interpretation or implementation of the
Contract or covering matters related thereto, have been agreed
between Seller- and Buyers ("Ancillary Agreements"). It is agreed
that no Ancillary Agreement or portion thereof, to the extent it is
in effect and capable of performance, shall be annulled, terminated
or revoked by reason of the execution of this amended and restated
Contract, except that:
         (i)  to the extent that there is any conflict between
         such Ancillary Agreements and any specific amendment to
         the Contract incorporated in this amended and restated
         Contract, such specific amendment shall Prevail; and

         (ii) the following Ancillary Agreements (or identified
         portions thereof) are superseded by this amended and
         restated Contract and shall have no farther effect:

         (A)  Amended and Restated Invoice Settlement Agreement
              for 1981 LNG Sales- Contract dated as of March 31,
              1987 and amended and restated as of December 1,
              1988 - paragraph 6;

         (B)  Memorandum of Agreement on Revisions to the 1981
              LNG Sales Contract dated as of September 7, 1989.<PAGE>
         

ARTICLE 26 - COUNTERPARTS

         This Contract is executed in five (5) identical
counterparts each of which shall have the force and dignity of an
original, and all of which shall constitute but one and the same
Contract.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
amended and restated Contract to be executed by its duly authorized
officer as of January 1, 1990.

SELLER:                           BUYERS:

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN           CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)

By         /s/                      By             /s/            
    


                             THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER
                             CO., INC.


                             By                /s/             

WITNESS:

JAPAN INDONESIA LNG CO., LTD.     OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.



By        /s/                     By           /s/              


NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION      TOHO GAS CO., LTD.

          
By           /s/                  By           /s/              

                       The 1981 LNG Sales  Contract


                               SCHEDULE    A
                            TESTING AND METHODS

                   PART   I   BTU QUANTITY DETERMINATION

A.  PHYSICAL    CONSTANTS

    The following table of Physical Constants, developed from
    G.P.A. Publication 2145-86, shall be used for all density and
    heating value calculations associated with this Contract. 
    This table of Physical Constants shall be revised to conform
    to any subsequent officially published revision of G.P.A.
    Publication 2145.  The values for the Gross Heating Values in
    BTU/KG as shown below have been obtained by multiplying the
    G.P.A. 2145--values for BTU/lbm fuel as ideal gas from G.P.A.
    2145 by 2.20462.

                   Gross Heating        Gross Heating
              Molecular Value at 60oF   Value at 60oF
Component          Weight        BTU/kg         BTU/Ft3   

Methane       16.043    52671               1010.0
Ethane        30.070    49236               1769.6
Propane       44.097    47737               2516.1
Isobutane          58.123    46809               3251.9
Normal Butane 58.123    46959               3262.3
Isopentane     72.150   46392               4000.9
Normal Pentane     72.150    46485               4008.9
Normal Hexane 86.177    46172               4755.9
Nitrogen      28.0134   0                   0
Oxygen        31.9988   0                   0
Carbon Dioxide     44.010    0                   0    

B. LNG DENSITY DETERMINATION

    The density of the LNG shall be determined by use of the
    following formula:.

              D           E  (Xi  x  Mi)
                      (xi x Vi)- (Xm x C)

    where: 
         D is the density to four significant figures of the LNG
         loaded in kilograms per cubic meter at temperature TL.

         TL is the temperature of the LNG in the tanks of the LNG
         Tanker after loading in degrees Centigrade to the nearest
         0.1"C. TL shall be determined by taking the arithmetic
         average from all the tanks of all the temperatures
         obtained from the temperature sensing points located in
         the liquid just after completion of the loading
         operation.

         Xi is the molar fraction to the nearest fourth decimal
         place of component (i) from the analysis obtained in
         accordance with Section 13.7.

         Mi is the molecular weight of component (i) as given in
         Part I, Section A of this Schedule A.

         Vi is the molar volume to the nearest fifth decimal place
         of component (i) in cubic meters per kilogram-mol at
         temperature TL and shall be obtained by linear
         interpolation of the data in Table II of this Section B.

         Xm is the molar fraction to the nearest fourth decimal
         place of methane from the analysis obtained in accordance
         with Section 13.7.

         C is the volume correction to the nearest fifth decimal
         place in, cubic meters per kilogram-mol at temperature TL
         shall be obtained by linear interpolation of the data in
         Table III of this Section B.

    An example of LNG density calculation is shown in Table I of
this Section B.<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              TABLE I

                                 Example of LNG Density Calculation
<CAPTION>
                                       Molar Volume
         Mole      Molecular           Vi  X  103     
         Fraction  Weight              (m3/kg-mole)
         Xi        Mi          Xi x Mi (at-159.9"C)  (XixVi)x103

<S>      <C>       <C>       <C>            <C>            <C>
N2       0.0002    28.0134   0.006          46.89          0.009
CH4      0.8644    16.043    13.868         38.22          33.037
C2H6          0.0851    30.070    2.559          48.01          4.086
C3H8          0.0389    44.097    1.715          62.53          2.432
i-C4HIO  0.0061    58.12     0.355          77.12          0.470
n-C4HlO  0.0052    58.123    0.302          76.83          0.400
i-C5Hl2  0.0001    72.150    0.007          91.14          0.009


         1.0000              18.812                        40.443


    Average Molecular Weight = 18.812

    C = 0.67 x 10-3

    D =            18.812                        18.812.
         40.443xlO-3-0.8644xO 67xlO-      .40.443xlo-3-0.579xlO-3

         0.471904 x 103      471.9 kg/m3
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE> 
                                              TABLE II
<CAPTION>

              MOLAR VOLUMES OF INDIVIDUAL COMPONENTS
    MOLAR VOLUMES (in m3/kg-mol at VARIOUS TEMPERATURES) x 103

              -166oC    -164oC    -162oC  -160oC  -158oC   -156oC

<S>             <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Methane         37,44   37.69    37.95    38.21   38.48    38.76
Ethane          47.52   47.68    47.84    48.00   48.16    48.33
Propane         61.99   62.16    62.34    62.52   62.70    62.89
n-Butane        76.26   76.44    76.63    76.82   77.01    77.20
isoButane       76.49   76.69    76.90    77.11   77.33    77.54
n-Pentane       89.85   90.06    90.26    90.47   90.67    90.88
isoPentane      90.49   90.70    90.92    91.13   91.35    91.56
n-Hexane       104.23  104.45   104.67   104.89  105.11   105.34
Nitrogen        43.58   44.55    45.64    46.83   48.11    49.47
Oxygen          30.44   30.78    31.14    31.51   31.90    32.3O
Carbon Dioxide  29.54   29.64    29.73    29.83   29.93    30.03

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                             TABLE III

                            CORRECTION C for VOLUME REDUCTION of MIXTURE
<CAPTION>
Molecular Weight
of Mixture          C x 103 at Various Temperatures (C in M3/kg-mol)
E(Xi x Mi)         -166*C    -164*C  -162"C    -160"C     -15@"C    -156,C   

<S>                 <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
17.00               0.22           0.23           0.24           0.24           0.25      0.26
17.50               0.33           0.35           0.36           0.37           0.38           0.39
18.00               0.44           0.46           0.47           0.49           0.50           0.52
18.50               0.55      0.56      0.58      0.60      0.62      0.64
19.00               0.65      0.67      0.69      0.71      0.73      0.75
19.50               0.75      0.77      0.79      0.81      0.84      0.86
20.00               0.84      0.86      0.89      0.91      0.94      0.97

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
    Reference: Density calculations and method from Proceedings of
    the First International Conference on LNG, April 1968, Paper
    No. 22, Densities of Liquefied Natural Gas and of Low
    Molecular Weight Hydrocarbons, J. Klosek and C. McKinley.


    C.   GROSS HEATING VALUE

    Gross Heating Value (mass basis) of the LNG shall be
    calculated by the following equation:

         P = E  (Hi x    Xi x Mi)
                        E(Xi x Mi)


where:
    P is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG loaded, stated in
    British Thermal Units per kilogram (any fractional number
    shall be rounded to the nearest BTU).

    Hi is the Gross Heating Value of component (i) expressed as
    BTU per kilogram as given in Part I, Section A of this
    Schedule A.

    Xi is the molar fraction to the nearest fourth decimal place
    of component (i) from the analysis obtained in accordance with
    Section 13.7.

    Mi is the molecular weight of component (i) as given in Part
    I, Section A of this Schedule A.

An example of Gross Heating Value Calculation is shown in Table IV
of this Section C.<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                              TABLE IV

              Example of Gross Heating Value Calculation
<CAPTION>

         Mole      Heating  Molecular                   Hi x Xi X Mi
     Fraction        Value     Weight                   E(Xi x Mi)
           Xi  Hi (Btu/kg)       Mi    Xi x Mi          in BTU/Kg

<S>     <C>           <C>      <C>       <C>         <C>
N2     0.0002            -    28.0134    0.006           -
C1     0.8644        52671     16.043   13.868              38828
C2     0.0851        49236     30.070    2.559               6698
C3     0.0389        47737     44.097    1.715               4352
i-C4   0.0061        46809     58.123    0.355                883
n-C4   0.0052        46959     58.123    0.302                754
i-C5   0.0001        46392     72.150    0.007          17
       ______                           ______              _____
       1.0000                           18.812              51532

<PAGE>
    D.   DETERMINATION OF TOTAL BTU DELIVERED

    The total number of British Thermal Units delivered shall be
    calculated by the use of the following formula:

         Q = V x D x P

    where:
         Q is the quantity of the LNG delivered in British Thermal
         Units (any number shall be rounded to the nearest 10
         million).

         V is the volume of the LNG loaded, stated in cubic
         meters, determined as provided in Section 13.9 B (any
         number shall be rounded to the nearest cubic meter).

         D is the density of the LNG loaded, stated in kilograms
         per cubic meter as determined in Section B, Part I of
         this Schedule A.

         P is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG loaded, stated in
         British Thermal Units per kilogram as determined in
         Section C, Part I of this Schedule A.

    Example calculation of Total BTU delivered:

         For purposes of the example calculation assume

              V = 120,281 cubic meters of LNG

         From Section B, Part I

              D = 471.9 Kg/m3

         From Section C, Part I

              P = 51532 BTU/Kg

         And Total BTU delivered:

               Q = V X D X P
               Q = 120,281 X 471.9 X 51532
                 = 2,924,990 X 10 6 BTU

<PAGE>
                     PART II - QUALITY DETERMINATIONS


    A.   For quality determination of Gross Heating Value as pro-
         vided for in Article 11, the following calculation method
         shall be used (Part I, Section A of this Schedule A shall
         be used as the data source).

                                   Gross Heating
               Mole Fraction       Value  
Component           Xi             vi (BTU/Ft3)        Xi x Hvi

     N2             0.0002         0.0                   0.0
     C1             0.8644         1010.0              873.0
     C2             0.0851         1769.6              150.6
     C3             0.0389         2516.               197.9
    i-C4            0.0061         3251.9              19.8
    n-C4            0.0052         3262.3              17.0
    i-C5            0.0001         4000.9              0.4
                    ______                             ______
                    1.0000                             1158.7

    B.   For quality determination of molecular percentages of
         pentanes and heavier, butanes and heavier, methane, and
         nitrogen the chromatograph analysis provided for in
         Section 13.7 shall be used.

    C.   Hydrogen Sulfide Test Method - The ASTM D 2725-70,
         Standard Method of Test for Hydrogen Sulfide in Natural
         Gas (Methylene Blue Method), shall be used to determine
         the hydrogen sulfide content of the LNG for purposes of
         this Contract, unless Seller and Buyers mutually agree
         that some other method should be used.

    D.   Total Sulfur Test Method - The ASTM D 2784-70, Standard
         Method of Test for Sulfur in Liquefied Petroleum Gases
         (Oxy-hydrogen Burner or Lamp) shall be used to determine
         the total sulfur content of the LNG for purposes of this
         Contract, unless Seller and Buyers mutually agree that
         some other method should be used.

<PAGE>
              PART III - MAXIMUM PERMISSIBLE TOLERANCES



         Temperature    + 0.2oC at - 160oC
         Pressure       + 1% of Span
         Level          + 10 mm at upper and lower 5 meters of the
                        tanks in the LNG Tanker.
         Composition    As provided in G.P.A. Standard 2261,
                        Method of Analysis for Natural Gas and
                        Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas
                        Chromatography.

                   
EXHIBIT A
       Principles for determining liability of the parties under COU
                   with regard to LNG tankers at Bontang

    1.   "Company" shall be defined to include the Terminal
         Operator, Pertamina, the production-sharing contractors,
         independent contractors on the land site and any other
         person or company associated in the production, storage
         and loading of LNG on the Company's behalf, including
         their respective agents, affiliates and subsidiaries.

         "Owner" shall be defined to include each person or
         company participating in the ownership and/or operation
         of the ship, but excluding those persons or companies
         included within the definition of "Company".

    2.   The Company and the Owner each accepts full
         responsibility for and indemnifies the other against
         personal injury and death claims of its own employees and
         their families, and such claims are excluded from the
         COU.

    3.   In the event that damage (including the costs of cleaning
         up oil spilt from the ship) is caused to the property of
         the Company by the Owner's ship, the liability of the
         Company and the Owner shall be in proportion to the
         degree of their respective fault; provided that if,
         having regard to the circumstances, it is not possible to
         establish the degree of respective faults or if neither
         party appears to be at fault, the liability shall be
         apportioned equally. 
    4.   There shall be no liability of the Owner (except as
         provided in Pars. 2 and 6) in the event that the
         incident:

         1.   resulted from an act of war, hostilities, civil war
              or insurrection or Act of God including, but not
              limited to, earthquake, volcanic eruption, tidal
              wave, lightning, or typhoon, provided the Owner
              acted reasonably in the circumstances to protect
              the property of the Owner and the Company from loss
              or damage.

         2.   was wholly caused by an act or omission with intent
              to cause loss or damage by a third party.  It is
              agreed that a member of the crew of the Owner's
              ship is not a third party.

         3.   was wholly caused by the negligence or wrongful act
              of the government or other authority responsible
              therefor to maintain lights or other navigational
              aids.

    5.   The Owner accepts responsibility for the acts of tugs and
         pilots and if separate towage or pilotage contracts are
         used in the port, then as to any inconsistency between
         those contracts and the terms of this document, this
         document shall be controlling.

    6.   If the ship sinks, grounds or otherwise becomes an
         obstruction or danger in the opinion of the Company, the
         Owner shall be responsible at its sole expense to take
         reasonable steps to remove such obstruction or danger,
         and the Company shall make best endeavors to assist the
         Owner to fulfill this responsibility.
  
    If the Owner fails to effect such removal within a reasonable
    time, then the Company may effect such removal at Owner's
    expense.  The actual cost of such removal (and damage to
    property of the Company in the course of removal by the Owner)
    shall be excluded from the liability limit.  Consequential
    damages for failure of the Owner to take reasonable steps to
    effect such removal within a reasonable time shall be
    recoverable in accordance with applicable legal principles and
    shall be included within the liability limit set forth in Par.
    9.

    In the event that the casualty giving rise to the obstruction
    or danger was caused in whole or in part by the fault of the
    Owner, then consequential damages shall be recoverable in
    accordance with applicable tort principles of English law
    subject to the thirty (30) days franchise of Par. 8 and shall
    be included within the liability limit set forth in Par. 9.

    The foregoing shall not apply in the case where the
    obstruction or danger (a) resulted from an act of war,
    hostilities, civil war or insurrection or (b) was wholly
    caused by an act or omission done with intent to cause damage
    by a third party.  It is agreed that a member of the crew of
    the Owner's ship is not a third party.  However, in the case
    of (b), above, the Owner shall b.e responsible at its sole
    expense for taking reasonable steps to remove the obstruction
    or danger.

    7.   All claims of third parties against the Company and/or
         the Owner are excluded from the COU.
                                                           
    8.   Subject to Par. 6, to the extent that consequential
         damages of the Company are recoverable under this
         document they shall be determined in accordance with
         applicable legal principles, provided that no
         consequential damages shall be recoverable by the Company
         under the COU in respect of any incident unless the
         operations of the Company shall have been materially
         disrupted for a period in excess of thirty (30) days.

    9.   As to matters contained in this document the rights and
         obligations of the parties shall be determined in
         accordance with these principles and, as to such matters,

         (a)  The Company waives its rights against the Owner
              under general law other than those contemplated
              herein, and

         (b)  The Owner waives its rights to limit its
              liabilities under general law, statute or
              international convention.

         Except as otherwise provided in Pars. 2 and 6, the total.
         aggregate liability of the Owner to the Company in
         respect of any one incident shall not exceed
         U.S.$150,000,000.

    10.  The liability and the limit set forth above shall
         continue in effect for as long as the Owner can obtain
         customary P and I Club cover for the risk.

    11.  The COU shall be governed by English law and subject to
         enforcement in the High Court of Justice in London.


    12.  Except as provided in Par. 2, the Owner waives all claims
         against -the Company arising from damage to the ship or
         its cargo in connection with the use of loading port
         facilities.

    13.  The Company win not be responsible for loss, damage or
         delay arising from labor disputes.

    14.  The master will have the sole responsibility on behalf of
         the Owner for the safety and proper navigation of the
         ship and shall place, transport and remove the ship at or
         from the berth as reasonably directed by the Company.

    15.  Subject to Par. 10, the Owner will keep the ship fully
         entered in a P and I Club and will produce annually to
         the Company a copy of the certificate of entry endorsed
         to the effect that the P and I Club has agreed to cover
         P and I risks under this document in accordance with its
         rules and will give the Company prior notice of
         cancellation of such cover at the same time and in the
         same manner as customarily provided to mortgagees of
         entered ships.

    16.  As to any inconsistency between the COU form in use in
         the port and this document, this document shall be
         controlling.
<PAGE>
                  SIDE LETTER TO 1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT
                       AND BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT


                                                            January 1, 1990


CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION
OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
TOHO GAS CO., LTD.


Gentlemen:


Reference is made to our discussions on the amendment and
restatement of the 1973 LNG Sales Contract and the Badak LNG Sales
Contract as of even date herewith, under which certain Fixed
Quantities of LNG are sold.

Pertamina confirms that it places great importance on the mutual
trust and cooperation that exists with Buyers, and that no changes
effected by the said amendment and restatement are intended to
adversely effect the relationship between the parties.  Pertamina
also fully appreciates the marketing opportunities for the excess
capacity of its LNG facilities provided by Buyers and will continue
to pursue such opportunities in the future.

It is Pertamina's policy to retain the right to dispose of the
excess capacity of its LNG facilities to such purchasers and upon
such terms as it may elect.  Pertamina is therefore unable to grant
any general reservations of its excess capacity.

However, in view of the long term business relationship between
Pertamina and Buyers, Pertamina agrees that once a Buyer offers in
writing to purchase a specified quantity of LNG on terms to be
agreed, then and to the extent Pertamina determines that it has
excess LNG production capacity and (if applicable) shipping
capacity available, then Pertamina will give preferential
consideration to such offer over future offers from other potential
purchasers for a reasonable period while good faith negotiations
are being conducted with such Buyer.



Very truly yours,

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)
                                  


By          /s/          



ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED
this 1st day of January, 1990


CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER        OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
CO., INC.

By           /s/            By           /s/          

THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER   TOHO GAS CO.,
CO., INC.


By           /s/                       By
                                                 /s/          
                   

KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.


By           /s/          

NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION


By           /s/          

<PAGE>
                    AMENDED AND RESTATED SIDE LETTER TO
                         BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT
                                     


                                                            January 1, 1990



CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
TOHO GAS CO., LTD.

Gentlemen:

          This letter relates to the amended and restated Badak LNG
Sales Contract (the "Contract") dated today between each of you as
Buyers and Pertamina as Seller (terms defined in the Contract shall
have the same meaning when used herein).  With respect to the
Contract, Seller and Buyers agree that the following shall apply:

         I.   Assistance to Buyers
              We have agreed that Seller and Buyers will work
together and cooperate to establish mechanisms and procedures which
permit and contribute to the smooth performance by Buyers of
Buyers' obligation to provide transportation for LNG to be sold and
purchased under the Contract.  To this end Seller will use its best
efforts to assist Buyers, Buyers' Transporter, or Buyers'
Representative in respect of Buyers' accomplishment of the
following:

         A.   Obtaining Indonesian Government permits, licenses
              and clearances.

         B.   Identifying Indonesian taxes payable by Buyers or
              Buyers' Transporter.

         C.   Obtaining supply of necessary utilities and
              services to LNG Tankers at the Loading Port
              including access to an LNG Tanker from onshore and
              establishing arrangements for emergency assistance
              to LNG Tankers by the Loading Port operator.

         D.   Consultation as to operating procedures designed to
              expedite the turnaround of LNG Tankers at the
              Loading Port, including the facilitation of the
              timely performance of the duties of Ship's Agent.

         E.   Formalities necessary to import ship stores and
              spare parts and to permit the entry into and
              departure from Indonesia of the LNG Tanker crew and
              operating personnel on a basis similar to Seller's
              providing such assistance to Seller's Transporter
              under its arrangements for transportation of LNG
              sold and purchased under the 1973 LNG Sales
              Contract.

         F.   Obtaining pilots and tug boats and any other
              necessary attending vessels, equipment and services
              for the LNG Tankers in the Loading Port.

          Should Buyers inform Seller that in their view the level
of port charges imposes an unreasonable commercial burden, Seller
will cooperate with Buyers in examining the problem and in
presenting the problem to the appropriate port authorities.

          Seller will continue its efforts to maintain the approval
of marine authorities in Indonesia to 24-hour operation of the
Loading Port.

          Further, Seller and Buyers (and Buyers' Transporter) will
work together and exchange relevant data and information relating
to the respective insurance programs of each to cover ship/shore
risks with the objective of coordinating their respective insurance
programs covering shipside and shoreside risks.

          In addition to those matters specifically noted herein
Seller contemplates providing shoreside assistance to Buyers'
Transporter similar and to substantially the same extent that
Seller provides such assistance to Seller's Transporter under its
arrangements for transportation of LNG sold and purchased under the
1973 LNG Sales Contract.

         II.  Conditions of Use

              Conditions of Use ("COU") will be signed by the
Master of each LNG Tanker before using the Loading Port facilities. 
However, in view of the general COU terms, it is necessary to agree
to the principles for determining liability under COU with regard
to LNG Tankers at Bontang for which adequate insurance is available
to protect the interests of all parties, taking into account
current availability of P. and I. cover.  A copy of these
principles is attached hereto as Exhibit A.  Such principals formed
the basis for certain Omnibus and Waiver Agreements covering the
three LNG Tankers of Buyers' Transporter.

              In the future the COU may be amended from time to
time by Seller, but Seller shall give Buyers prior notice of each
revision in order to enable Buyers and Buyers' Transporter to
detemiine promptly whether such revision will be covered by the
Buyers' Transporter's insurers.  As to revisions that do not
increase Buyers' Transporter's liabilities under the principles,
such revisions shall become applicable to Buyers' Transporter upon
the advice of Buyers' Transporter's insurers that the revisions are
approved by insurers or that such approval is not required in order
to maintain Buyers' Transporter's insurance.  As to revisions that
increase Buyers' Transporter's liabilities under the principles,
such revisions shall become applicable to Buyers' Transporter when
Buyers' Transporter consents thereto.

              If Buyers utilize LNG Tankers other than the three
LNG Tankers of Buyers' Transporter then Seller and Buyers shall
cooperate to make the foregoing COU liability system applicable to
such other LNG Tankers.

              In addition to the foregoing, in the event that
during the term of the Contract changed circumstances of a
substantial nature make it appropriate to reconsider the scope of
the liabilities and adequacy of insurance cover as set forth in the
attached principles, then Seller and Buyers shall engage in a
process of mutual review and consultation in order to determine how
to cope with the changed circumstances.

         III.   Transportation Force Majeure
              The Contract provides that certain events of force
majeure affecting LNG Tankers can excuse Buyers from performance of
their obligations under the Contract, including their obligations
to pay for Fixed Quantities of LNG available but not taken.

              In the case of a transportation force majeure which
affects only a small portion of the Fixed Quantities or which
reduces or limits Buyers' ability to perform their obligations
under the Contract for only a short period of time the reduction or
loss of revenues to Seller may be manageable, since during periods
of force majeure Seller can sell the quantities of LNG which Buyers
are unable to purchase to third parties.

              However, an extended period of transportation force
majeure which prevents Buyers from performance of their obligations
would present very serious problems to both Seller and Buyers.

              The Contract provides that in the case of a force
majeure, Buyers shall take all reasonable measures to resume normal
performance within the shortest practicable time.  But if in spite
of all that Buyers can do, Buyers are unable either to resume
normal performance within a reasonable period of time or adopt a
plan which, taking into account the then existing circumstances,
will provide reasonable assurance to Seller that normal performance
will be resumed within a period that will hold the Force Majeure
Deficiency caused by the transportation force majeure to a level
which can be restored within a reasonable period of time and
thereby minimize Seller's financial loss and relieve the pressure
on Buyers to increase the quantities to be taken during later Fixed
Quantity Period, then Seller and Buyers will consult together and
in good faith try to reach agreement as to what to do.

              Among the circumstances to be considered by the
parties are the point in time during the term of the Contract at
which the force majeure occurs, the amount of the Force Majeure
Deficiency caused thereby, the ability of the Buyers to accept the
Restoration Quantities and of Seller to provide such Restoration
Quantities and the length of the period of time before restoration
can be accomplished, the financial consequences to Seller and
Buyers, and alternatives available to Seller to sell to third
parties the LNG for which transportation is not available.

              We are of the opinion that a period of nine months
from the date on which the relevant event of force majeure
occurred, or, if loner, the period ending with the end of the Fixed
Quantity Period during which the event of force majeure occurred
provides a reasonable time for Buyers either to resume normal
performance or adopt a plan which meets the above standards and
provides reasonable assurance to Seller that performance will be
resumed within the shortest practicable time.

              If Buyers are unable to adopt such a plan to resume
normal performance within such period, then (i) any plan thereafter
adopted by Buyers shall be with Seller's consent, which consent
shall not unreasonably be withheld, and (ii) then, or at any later
time before such a plan has been adopted, Buyers, at the request of
Seller in connection with the commitment by Seller to sell to third
parties all or a portion of the quantities for which transportation
has not been made available, shall agree to the reduction of the
Fixed Quantities to the extent and for the term of such commitment
which Seller proposes to make, provided that, if after expiration
of the aforesaid period, such a plan to resume normal performance
is adopted by Buyers, Buyers shall no longer be obligated to agree
to a reduction in Fixed Quantities.


IV.  Transportation Coordination
              In connection with the Contract, Seller and Buyers
hereby confirm that they share the view that it is beneficial to:

              1.   Coordinate among Seller, Buyers and Buyers'
Transporter for the smooth, efficient and safe operations of the
Badak LNG trade; and

              2.   Coordinate efficient utilization of both fleets
in a manner that utilizes the spare capacity of the vessels as
back-up for both the 1973 LNG Sales Contract and the Contract so
that if Seller requires transportation additional to that available
to Seller from Seller's Transporter in order to transport cargoes
sold under the 1973 LNG Sales Contract or if Buyers require
transportation additional to that available to Buyers from Buyers'
Transporter in order to transport cargoes sold pursuant to the
Contract and, if the other party has transportation available for
such purpose at the time and for the period needed, such other
party shall do so upon mutually agreeable terms and conditions.

V.  Section 4.14(b)(i)
              Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.14(b)(i)
of the
Contract, Seller agrees not to include in claims of Seller for
damage caused to the Badak Facility by an LNG vessel other than an
LNG Tanker any amounts paid or payable by Seller to Seller's
Transporter on account of non-utilization of such LNG vessel or
other LNG vessels of Seller's Transporter.

          This amended and restated Side Letter is intended to
replace in its entirety the original side letter to the Badak LNG
Sales Contract dated as of April 14, 1981.

Very truly yours,
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS                               
BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)



By          /s/          


AGREED AND CONSENTED TO
This 1st day of January, 1990


CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.



By          /s/          


THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.



By          /s/          


OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.



By          /s/          


TOHO GAS CO., LTD.



By          /s/          




</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>LTR. AGREEMENT BETWEEN PERUSAHAAN ET AL
<TEXT>

                           PERTAMINA LETTERHEAD


                                                           December 1, 1989


OUR REF.       :  4768/I0000/89-53          CHINESE PETROLEUM
                                            CORPORATION
                                            83 CHUNG HWA ROAD
                                            TAIPEI, REPUBLIC OF
                                            CHINA
ENCLOSURES     :      

SUBJECT        : LNG PROJECT - COMMERCIAL SETTLEMENT OF START-UP
                 DELAY

Gentlemen,

This letter is in reference to our Badak III LNG Sales Contract
("the Contract") dated March 19, 1987.  Under the terms of the
Contract, the delivery of LNG is to commence in January 1990;
however, it is anticipated that the construction and start-up of
the receiving facilities will not be completed in January 1990 due
to reasons which CPC believes may constitute Force Majeure.

The parties acknowledge that Pertamina will incur a financial
hardship as a result of the delay in completion of the receiving
facilities and in order to minimize Pertamina's financial hardship
without resolving CPC's claim of Force Majeure, the parties desire
to implement this commercial settlement.

Accordingly, and in view of the parties' mutual desire to foster a
good long term relationship and Pertamina's expectation that CPC
will be able to purchase the spare capacity of Train E on a long
term basis, it is mutually agreed that a commercial settlement of
the consequences of the delay be made upon the terms of this
letter.

CPC expects to take 16 cargoes (1 cargo equivalent to 3,053 billion
BTUs) in the 1990 Annual Program and the parties agree as follows:

1.   CPC intends to exercise its full Build-up Allowances under the
     Contract for 1990, resulting in a Fixed Quantity of 19 cargoes
     for 1990.

2.   If CPC takes less than the Fixed Quantity of 19 cargoes then
     the shortfall will be made up at the rate of 2 cargoes each
     year starting in 1992 for each cargo less than the Fixed
     Quantity of 19 cargoes.  CPC will endeavor to take not less
     than 12 cargoes in 1990 of which the first shall be a part
     cargo in accordance with paragraph 5 (b) of this letter.

3.   Pertamina will not issue a take-or-pay invoice if CPC takes 12
     or more cargoes in 1990.


Our Ref:  4768/I0000/89-53

Date    : DECEMBER 1, 1989

                                   - 2 -


4.   In the unforeseen circumstances that CPC cannot take 12
     cargoes in 1990, the parties will meet to discuss what remedy
     is appropriate in the light of Pertamina's financial exposure
     in such a case.  CPC agrees in principle further to increase
     the quantities to be taken and/or to extend the Contract, but
     the extent of such increase/extension will be determined in
     such discussions.

5.   To assist CPC's start-up operations, Pertamina agrees in
     respect of the first (cool-down) cargo delivered to CPC:                  

     (a)  to waive all claims for demurrage up to a period of 10
          consecutive days, and

     (b)  to load and deliver less than a full cargo (but not less
          than 90,000 cubic meter) of LNG as CPC may request; but
          CPC shall pay for transportation as though a full cargo
          had been loaded.

The Contract shall continue in force except to the extent its
application is modified by this letter.

The terms of this letter are subject to approval by the Board of
Directors of CPC and the Government of Indonesia.


                              Very truly yours,

                              Perusahaan Pertambangan
                              Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
                              (PERTAMINA)


                              By:         /S/                    

Agreed and Accepted
the 1st day of December, 1989

CHINESE PETROLEUM CORPORATION


By:          /S/                                              


          
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.47
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORG OF ENSTAR
<TEXT>


                             AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF

                                 REORGANIZATION

                                       OF

                               ENSTAR CORPORATION


                            DATED DECEMBER 22, 1989

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION
                             OF ENSTAR CORPORATION

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                  
                                                            Page
                                                              
                                                            No.
                                                                  
                                  ---
ARTICLE 1              CONVEYANCE, DISTRIBUTION AND
                           REORGANIZATION                   1


Section 1.1.           Transferred Assets                   1

Section 1.2.           Excluded Assets                      2

Section 1.3.           Conveyance                           2

Section 1.4.           Distribution                         2

Section 1.5.           Closing Statement                    2

ARTICLE 2              CLOSING AND CERTAIN ACTIONS OF
                       THE PARTIES PRIOR TO CLOSING         3

Section 2.1.           Time and Place of Closing            3
Section 2.2.           Related Agreements                   4
Section 2.3.           Public Announcements                 6
Section 2.4.           Confidential Information             6
Section 2.5.           Best Efforts to Meet Conditions      6
Section 2.6.           Insurance Coverage of Subsidiaries   6
Section 2.7.           Access to Records and Properties     6
Section 2.8.           Copies of Information                7
Section 2.9.           Government Reviews                   7
Section 2.10.          Conduct of Business                  7
Section 2.11.          Letters in Lieu, Federal and State
                       Assignments and Notices to Operators 8
Section 2.12.          IPU Indenture                        8
Section 2.13.          Inconsistent Activities              8
Section 2.14.          Area of Mutual Interest Agreements   8
Section 2.15.          Capital Contributions                9

ARTICLE 3              REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES       9

Section 3.1.           Representations and Warranties of 
                       UTPC                                 9
Section 3.2.           Representations and Warranties of 
                       Ultramar                             10
Section 3.3.           Representations and Warranties of 
                       Unimar                               12

ARTICLE 4              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS  14

Section 4.1.           IRS Covenant                         14

ARTICLE 5              CONDITIONS TO CLOSING                14

Section 5.1.           Conditions to Obligation of the 
                       Parties hereto to Close              14






                                      -i-

ARTICLE 6              SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS
                           AND WARRANTIES                   15

ARTICLE 7              TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT            15

Section 7.1.           Termination                          15
Section 7.2.           Amendment                            16

ARTICLE 8              EXPENSES                             16

ARTICLE 9              MISCELLANEOUS                        16

Section 9.1.           Counterparts                         16
Section 9.2.           Notice                               17
Section 9.3.           Further Assurances                   17
Section 9.4.           Schedules and Exhibits               17
Section 9.5.           Defined Terms                        17
Section 9.6.           Assignment                           17
Section 9.7.           Closing Period Adjustments           17
Section 9.8.           Payments and Invoices Received 
                       After the Closing                    20
Section 9.9.           Surety Bond Coverage                 20
Section 9.10.          Confidentiality                      20
Section 9.11.          Severance                            21
Section 9.12.          Captions                             21
Section 9.13.          Governing Law                        21
Section 9.14.          Waivers                              21
Section 9.15.          Acknowledgment                       21
Section 9.16.          Files and Records                    21
Section 9.17.          Equitable Remedy                     22
Section 9.18.          Severability                         22
Section 9.19.          Entire Agreement                     22
Section 9.20.          Conflict                             22


EXHIBITS

Exhibit A              Assets Conveyed to UT Development
Exhibit B              Assets Conveyed to Newco
Exhibit C              Form of Conveyance
Exhibit D              Intentionally omitted
Exhibit E              Transition Space and Services Agreement
Exhibit F              Enstar Discharge Agreement
Exhibit G              Assumption and Indemnification Agreement
Exhibit H              Marketing Agreement
Exhibit I              IRS Request
Exhibit J              Partnership Amendment
Exhibit K              Termination Agreement
Exhibit L              Amended 1985 Agreement
Exhibit M              Amended 1987 Agreement
Exhibit N              Assignments
Exhibit O              Seismic Agreement







SCHEDULES

Schedule 1.5           Estimated Closing Schedule
Schedule 3.3(f)        Litigation and Claims
Schedule 3.3(g)        Makeup
Schedule 3.3(h)        Gas and Oil Balancing
Schedule 9.7           Closing Period Adjustments Schedule






                                     -iii-

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION
                                       OF
                               ENSTAR CORPORATION


     This Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of Enstar
Corporation (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
December 22, 1989 by and among Unimar Company, a Texas general
partnership ("Unimar"), Ultrastar, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Ultrastar"), Unistar, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Unistar"),
Enstar Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Enstar"), Newstar
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Newstar"), Union Texas Development
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("UT Development"), Union
Texas Petroleum Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("UTPC"), and
Ultramar America Limited, a Delaware corporation ("Ultramar").


                                  WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, Unistar and Ultrastar (collectively the "General
Partners") formed Unimar pursuant to the Texas Uniform
Partnership Act (the "Texas Act") for the purpose of acquiring,
owning and operating Enstar (the assets, property and rights of
Enstar and its affiliates being hereinafter referred to
collectively as the "Assets");

     WHEREAS, the General Partners desire to effect an equitable
distribution of substantially all of the United States Assets of
Enstar to the General Partners for purposes of a reorganization
(the "Reorganization") of Enstar;

     WHEREAS, in connection with the Reorganization the General
Partners desire to cause Enstar to convey such Assets to Newstar
and UT Development, newly formed subsidiaries of Enstar
(collectively the "Subsidiaries");

     WHEREAS, UTPC, Ultramar, Unimar, the General Partners,
Enstar and the Subsidiaries desire to make certain
representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the
Reorganization;

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
representations, warranties and agreements herein contained, the
parties hereto agree as follows:


                                   ARTICLE 1

                  CONVEYANCE, DISTRIBUTION AND REORGANIZATION

     Section 1.1.   Transferred Assets.  At the Closing (as
defined in Section 2.1), the following transfers shall occur:

     (a)    Enstar shall convey to UT Development all right,
title and interest of Enstar in and to the oil, gas and mineral
properties, shares of certain saltwater disposal entities and the
other assets identified on Exhibit A (collectively the "UT
Assets");

     (b)    Enstar shall transfer to Newstar all right, title and
interest of Enstar in and to the partnership interests, certain
receivables and the oil, gas and mineral properties and the other
assets identified on Exhibit B (collectively the "Newstar
Assets").

     Section 1.2.  Excluded Assets.  The Assets to be transferred
to Newstar and UT Development are limited to such Assets
described in Exhibit A or B and Enstar shall retain all of its
right, title and interest in and to and liabilities associated
with all of its other Assets.

     Section 1.3.  Conveyance.  The conveyance of the Assets
described in Section 1.1 to the Subsidiaries (the "Transferred
Assets") shall be accomplished by Enstar at the Closing by the
execution and delivery of (a) conveyances substantially in the
form of Exhibit C (the "Conveyances"), (b) the transfer of the
limited partnership and general partnership interests
(collectively the "Partnership Interests") in accordance with
each Agreement of Limited Partnership (collectively the
"Partnership Agreements") of each of the partnerships (the
"Partnerships") referred to in Section 1.1(b) by the execution
and delivery of assignments substantially in the form of Exhibit
N and (c) stock certificates representing all of the shares for
the salt water disposal entities owned by Enstar referred to in
Section 1.1(a) duly endorsed in blank or accompanied by stock
powers duly executed in blank.

     Section 1.4.  Distribution.   At the Closing after
conveyance of the Transferred Assets, (a) Enstar shall distribute
all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each of the
Subsidiaries (collectively the "Subsidiaries' Stock") to Unimar,
(b) Unimar shall distribute all the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock of UT Development to Unistar, and (c) Unimar
shall distribute all the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of Newstar to Ultrastar.

     Section 1.5.  Closing Statement.

     (a)    UTPC as contract manager pursuant to the Management
Agreement (as defined in Section 2.2) shall deliver on the
Closing Date a statement described in this Section 1.5 (the
"Closing Statement") for each of Newstar and UT Development.  The
Closing Statement is also hereinafter referred to as the "Newstar
Closing Statement" and the "UT Closing Statement."  The Closing
Statement shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles except as otherwise reflected in the
Closing Statement for the time period beginning on the Valuation
Date (as defined in Section 2.1(b)) and ending on  the last day
of the month prior to the Closing Date for which actual
accounting information is available (the "Initial Closing
Period") as if the Initial Closing Period were a separate and
distinct accounting period.  The Closing Statement shall contain
and shall have attached thereto such supporting documentation as
is reasonably necessary to provide a basis for the estimated
adjustments shown therein.  The Closing Statement shall be based
on actual information available to UTPC at the time of its
preparation and upon UTPC's good faith estimates and adjustments. 
Each party and its accountants shall be provided access to all of
Enstar's books, records, computer runs and other documents
containing information on which the Closing Statement is based
for the purpose of conducting an audit or such other review as
such party may deem appropriate.  As used in this Section 1.5 the
term "Newstar Assets" and "UT Assets" shall include all assets
that would have been Newstar Assets or UT Assets, respectively on
the Closing Date but for their prior sale, disposal or other
disposition during the Initial Closing Period. 




                                      -2-

     (b)  As more fully set forth on Schedule 1.5 hereto, the
Closing Statement shall cover operations related to the Newstar
Assets and the UT Assets as if during the Initial Closing Period
Newstar had owned the Newstar Assets and UT Development had owned
the UT Assets, which include the following:

     (i)  The Newstar Closing Statement shall set forth an
estimated aggregate amount for (A) net operating income accruing
from the Newstar Assets, net of capital expenditures incurred
during the Initial Closing Period to be allocated to Newstar and
(B) the acquisition or sale of any Newstar Assets during the
Initial Closing Period to be charged or credited to Newstar; and

              (ii)   The UT Closing Statement shall set forth an
estimated
       aggregate amount for (A) net operating income accruing
from the UT
       Assets, net of capital expenditures accruing during the
Initial Closing
       Period to be allocated to UT Development and (B) the
acquisition or sale
       of any UT Assets during the Initial Closing Period to be
charged or
       credited to UT Development.

              (c)    General and administrative expenses,
interest expense and
income tax expense incurred, and net operating income accruing
with respect to
Assets which are not Newstar Assets or UT Assets as well as
exploration
expenses and production payment interest for all the Assets,
shall be shared in
accordance with Schedule 1.5 hereto.  In addition, the Closing
Statement shall
include special adjustments set forth on Schedule 1.5 hereto.

              (d)    On the Closing Date, Newstar or UT
Development, shall by
wire transfer to a designated account, make payments (if any)
required to the
other.  With respect to any amounts owed by Newstar or UT
Development to the
other pursuant to this Section 1.5(d), Ultramar and UTPC hereby
agree to
guarantee the timely payment of such amounts by Newstar and UT
Development,
respectively.  With respect to any amounts owed to Newstar or UT
Development,
such party may elect to have the other make such payments to
Enstar on its
behalf and direct Enstar to apply the same to its affiliate's
contribution
amount owed to Enstar in order to effectuate the Discharge
Agreement (as
defined in Section 2.2).

                                    ARTICLE 2

                       CLOSING AND CERTAIN ACTIONS OF THE
                            PARTIES PRIOR TO CLOSING

              Section 2.1.  Time and Place of Closing.

              (a)    The conveyance and distribution of the
Transferred Assets
for the Reorganization, as contemplated by this Agreement (the
"Closing"),
shall, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties
hereto, take place
at the offices of Union Texas Petroleum Corporation, 1330 Post
Oak Boulevard,
Houston, Texas at 10:00 a.m. (Houston time) on the later of (a)
January 15,
1990 or (b) a date that is the fifth business day following the
date on which
Unimar and Enstar obtain a ruling (the "IRS Ruling") from the
Internal Revenue
Service (the "IRS") regarding application of Section 355 of the
Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") to the
Reorganization.





                                      -3-

              (b)    The date on which the Closing occurs is
hereinafter
referred to as the "Closing Date."  The Reorganization shall be
effective for
purposes of the Closing Statement and the Closing Period
Adjustment Statement
(as defined in Section 9.7) only as of January 1, 1989 (the
"Valuation Date").

              Section 2.2. Related Agreements.  (a) Upon the
terms and subject
to the conditions, exceptions and reservations of this Agreement,
at the
Closing the appropriate parties hereto shall execute and deliver
the following
agreements:

              (i)    the Conveyances;

              (ii)   the Transition Space and Services Agreement,
in
       substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the
"Transition
       Agreement"), providing for transitional office space, use
of office
       equipment and assistance of UTPC after the Closing;

              (iii)  the Termination and Release Agreement, in
substantially
       the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the "Discharge
Agreement"),
       providing for the full payment of the debt and obligations
of Enstar
       under the $150,000,000 Credit Agreement, dated October 3,
1984, as
       amended (the "Enstar Credit Agreement"), and the
applicable releases of
       liens and security interests and such other necessary
related agreements
       for the purpose of such discharge of debt;

              (iv)   the Assumption and Indemnification
Agreement, in
       substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (the
"Assumption
       Agreement"), providing for the assumption by Newstar and
UT Development
       of certain liabilities and claims of Enstar and for the
indemnification
       for certain matters by the respective parties hereto;

              (v)    the Agreement Regarding Certain Natural Gas
Sales and
       Transportation Transactions (the "Marketing Agreement"),
in
       substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit H,
regarding marketing
       restrictions on certain properties of Enstar;

              (vi)   the Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement of
General
       Partnership of Unimar Company, dated as of May 22, 1984
(the
       "Partnership Agreement"), between Unistar and Ultrastar in
substantially
       the form attached hereto as Exhibit J (the Partnership
Amendment);

              (vii)  the Termination Agreement (the Termination
Agreement) in
       substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit K,
providing for the
       termination of the partys' rights and obligations under
the Management
       and Agency Agreement dated September 25, 1984 (the
"Management
       Agreement");

              (viii) the Amendment to the Letter Agreement, dated
October 25,
       1985 (the "Amended 1985 Agreement"), among Unistar,
Ultrastar and
       certain other parties as set forth therein and relating to
the E. A.
       McIlhenny Estate No. 1 Well ("McIlhenny No. 1 Well")
located in Iberia
       Parish, Louisiana, in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit
       L herein;





                                      -4-

              (ix)   the Amendment to the Letter Agreement, dated
December 3,
       1987 (the "Amended 1987 Agreement"), among Unistar,
Ultrastar and
       certain other parties as set forth therein and relating to
the E. A.
       McIlhenny Estate No. 2 Well ("McIlhenny No. 2 Well")
located in Iberia
       Parish, Louisiana, in substantially the form attached
hereto as Exhibit
       M herein;

              (x)    the Assignments, in substantially the form
attached hereto
       as Exhibit N; and

              (xi)   the Seismic Agreement (the "Seismic
Agreement") in
       substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit O,
providing for the
       rights and obligations relating to Enstar's seismic data.

The agreements listed in this Section 2.2 are collectively
referred to in this
Agreement as the "Related Agreements."  The parties hereto agree
that between
the date hereof and the Closing Date any of the Exhibits,
including the Related
Agreements, may be amended or changed in writing upon the mutual
agreement of
the parties hereto.

              (b)    Each party hereto shall use its best efforts
to obtain or
cause to be obtained as soon as practicable all third party
non-governmental
consents necessary or appropriate for the assignment and transfer
of the
Transferred Assets (individually a "Consent" and collectively the
"Consents");
provided, however, that no party shall be required to make any
material
expenditure or enter into any materially onerous agreement in
order to obtain
any such Consent; and provided, further, that prior to the
Closing, Enstar
shall obtain all consents and waivers necessary to carry out the
transactions
set forth in the Discharge Agreement.  All notices to third
parties shall be
coordinated among the parties.  If any Consent is not obtained by
the Closing,
then Enstar shall continue to hold as nominee for Newstar or UT
Development, as
the case may be, the properties and/or rights subject to such
Consents until
such time as such Consent is obtained.  The party on whose behalf
Enstar is
holding such properties and/or rights shall hold harmless Enstar
against any
loss, cost or expense arising from Enstar acting as nominee in
such regard.

              (c)    UTPC on behalf of Unimar shall deliver to
Ultrastar at
Closing revised versions of Schedules 3.3(f) and 3.3(g), the
current versions
of which are attached hereto, which have been updated so as to be
true,
complete and correct as of the most recent month prior to the
Closing Date for
which such information is reasonably available.

              (d)    Unimar shall use its best efforts to
deliver, and shall
cause Enstar to deliver (but only to the same extent permitted
under Section
2.7 hereto and without incurring material expense), (i) to
Newstar original (or
copies with respect to accounting information upon the mutual
agreement of the
parties hereto) books, records, accountants' work papers,
surveys, claims and
litigation files, maps, studies, contracts, geological and
geophysical data
(including without limitation third party seismic data), all
computer software
(including source magnetic tapes and system and program
documentation), and
land title and Division and Transfer Order files, of Unimar and
Enstar and its
affiliates directly relating to the ownership and operation of
the Newstar
Assets and (ii) to UT Development original (or copies with
respect to
accounting information upon the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto) books,
records, accountants' work papers, surveys, claims and litigation
files, maps,
studies, contracts, geological and geophysical





                                      -5-

data (including without limitation third party seismic data), all
computer
software (including source magnetic tapes and system and program
documentation), and land title Division and Transfer Order files,
of Unimar and
Enstar and its affiliates directly relating to the ownership and
operation of
the UT Assets.

              Section 2.3.  Public Announcements.  From the date
hereof and for
a period of one year after the date hereof, each party hereto
shall consult
with the other parties hereto prior to any public announcement by
such party
regarding the existence of this Agreement, the contents hereof or
the
transactions contemplated hereby and to obtain the prior approval
of the other
parties hereto as to the content of any such disclosure, which
approval shall
not be unreasonably withheld.  This provision shall not apply,
however, to any
announcement or written statement which, upon advice of counsel,
is required by
law to be made, except that any party required to make such
announcement shall,
whenever practicable, consult with the other party concerning the
timing and
content of such announcement or statement before it is made.

              Section 2.4.  Confidential Information.  The
parties hereto shall
hold in confidence all aspects of the transactions contemplated
by this
Agreement.  The parties hereto shall hold in confidence all
information and
data concerning the Transferred Assets that is obtained in
connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than
information and data
that is or becomes generally available to the public other than
through
disclosure by any of the parties hereto or their affiliates or
representatives); provided, however, the foregoing shall not
restrict necessary
disclosures (a) to a party's affiliates or its officers,
employees or
representatives (b) in compliance with applicable securities or
other laws or
any order by court or governmental agency or (c) in order to
obtain necessary
consents, approvals or rulings (without violating any
confidentiality
obligation to a third party).  The aforesaid obligation shall
terminate at such
time as the information and data in question (a) becomes
generally available to
the public other than through the breach by any of the parties
hereto or their
affiliates or representatives of said obligation or (b) with
respect to a
party, relate to a Transferred Asset that is owned by such party
or its
affiliates after consummation of the Reorganization.

              Section 2.5.  Best Efforts to Meet Conditions. 
Each of the
parties hereto shall use its best efforts to cause all of the
conditions to its
obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated herein to
be met as
soon after the date hereof as practicable.

              Section 2.6.  Insurance Coverage of Subsidiaries. 
Ultrastar and
Unistar shall obtain, and have in force and effect on and as of
the Closing
Date insurance coverage as deemed appropriate by them for losses,
liabilities
and claims arising out of events, acts or omissions taking place
on and
subsequent to the Closing Date and which are in connection with
the Transferred
Assets and operation of Newstar and UT Development, respectively. 
Neither
Ultrastar nor Unistar assumes the risk management and insurance
functions of
the other and each is free to manage the respective risks
associated with the
respective Transferred Assets and operations.  Each of Ultrastar
and Unistar
acknowledges that it may be required to promptly provide to
certain parties
having business relationships with Newstar and UT Development
certificates in
proper form reflecting such coverage.

              Section 2.7.  Access to Records and Properties. 
Between the date
of this Agreement and the Closing Date, Unimar, UTPC, Ultramar,
Unistar and
Ultrastar agree, subject to Section





                                      -6-

2.4, (a) to give or cause to be given to each of the parties
hereto and its
representatives reasonable access, including the provision of
adequate office
space, during normal business hours to the Transferred Assets and
to all the
books, records, accountants' work papers, surveys, claims and
litigation files,
maps, studies, contracts, geological and geophysical data
(including without
limitation third party seismic data), all computer software
(including source
magnetic tapes and system and program documentation), and land
title and
Division and Transfer Order files, of Unimar and Enstar and its
affiliates
pertaining to the ownership and operation of the Transferred
Assets and (b) to
cause the officers of Enstar and its affiliates to furnish or to
make available
to the parties hereto such financial and operating data and other
information
with respect to the business and properties of Enstar relating to
the
Transferred Assets as the parties hereto shall from time to time
reasonably
request, but in either case only to the extent reasonably
feasible and that
such parties may do so without disclosing the internal work
product of any
party hereto (other than Enstar) or violating any confidentiality
obligation to
a third party and to the extent such parties have authority to
grant such
access.  Unimar and Enstar shall use their best efforts to obtain
approval from
third parties to waive any confidentiality obligation or
limitation on access
for the benefit of the parties hereto; provided, however, prior
to Closing each
party shall be responsible for obtaining approval for access to
seismic data
that relates to data for which it will have rights under the
Seismic Agreement.

              Section 2.8.  Copies of Information.  Subject to
Section 2.4,
prior to the Closing Date Unimar shall permit the parties hereto
and their
representatives to make copies of information contained in the
books, records
and files of Enstar, or in the books, records or files to which
it has access
insofar as the parties hereto may reasonably request and insofar
as such
information directly relates to the Transferred Assets, to the
extent permitted
under Section 2.7 hereof and at the expense of Enstar.

              Section 2.9.  Government Reviews.  Each of the
appropriate
parties hereto shall in a timely manner (a) make required filings
with, prepare
applications to and conduct negotiations with each governmental
agency as to
which such filings, applications or negotiations are necessary or
appropriate
in the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including, but not
limited to, the Internal Revenue Service in connection with
securing a
favorable ruling that the Reorganization will qualify as a
tax-free exchange
and distribution under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the
General Partners as set forth at Exhibit I (the "IRS Request") as
the same may
be amended or revised and (b) provide such information as each
may reasonably
request to make such filings, prepare such applications and
conduct such
negotiations.  All such filings, applications and negotiations
shall be
coordinated among the parties.  Each of the parties hereto shall
cooperate with
and use its best efforts to assist the other parties hereto in
pursuing such
filings, applications and negotiations.

              Section 2.10.  Conduct of Business.  From December
31, 1988 to
the date of this Agreement, Unimar, Enstar, UTPC, Ultramar,
Unistar and
Ultrastar have conducted the business and operations of Enstar
with respect to
the Transferred Assets in accordance with the practices generally
followed in
the petroleum industry and UTPC, Ultrastar and Enstar have
materially complied
with their obligations under the Management Agreement.  In
addition Unimar,
Enstar, UTPC, Ultramar, Unistar and Ultrastar shall conform to
the requirements
of this Section 2.10 from the date of this Agreement to the
Closing Date.





                                      -7-

              Section 2.11.  Letters in Lieu, Federal and State
Assignments and
Notices to Operators and Limited Partners.

              (a)    UTPC as contract manager pursuant to the
Management
Agreement shall deliver to Ultrastar for its review and approval
a list of
persons who must receive Letters in Lieu of Division and Transfer
Orders
relating to the Transferred Assets.  UTPC on behalf of Enstar
shall also cause
to be prepared in satisfactory form, to be executed on the
Closing Date, such
Letters in Lieu of Division and Transfer Orders as necessary to
reflect the
transactions contemplated hereby.

              (b)    UTPC as contract manager pursuant to the
Management
Agreement shall cause to be prepared and executed on the Closing
Date all
assignments, if any, necessary to convey in accordance with
Section 1.1 all
interests and rights to federal, Indian or state leases and
properties included
in the Transferred Assets.  The assignments shall be satisfactory
in form and
substance to the parties hereto and in accordance with applicable
state and
federal requirements.

              (c)    UTPC as contract manager pursuant to the
Management
Agreement shall cause to be prepared and executed on the Closing
Date all
notices required by operating agreements to which Enstar, Unimar
or an
affiliate is a party covering any of the Transferred Assets or
portions thereof
to the effect that Enstar has assigned to Newstar and UT
Development all of its
interest in the property subject to such operating agreements.

              (d)    UTPC as contract manager pursuant to the
Management
Agreement shall deliver to Ultrastar for its review and approval
all notices
required by the Partnership Agreements and shall cause all such
notices to be
prepared and duly executed and delivered.

              Section 2.12.  IPU Indenture.  If necessary to
comply with the
minimum capital requirements of the Indenture, executed by Unimar
and the
Trustee thereto, in connection with the Indonesian Participating
Units, dated
as of September 25, 1984, the General Partners shall make
additional capital
contributions to Unimar.

              Section 2.13.  Inconsistent Activities.  Unless and
until this
Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Article 7, neither
General Partner
shall without the prior written consent of the other General
Partner (a)
directly or indirectly solicit, entertain, or cause any other
person to solicit
or entertain, any offer to acquire the Transferred Assets, (b)
provide
information to another person concerning the Transferred Assets
(except in the
ordinary course of the operation of the Transferred Assets or as
permitted
pursuant to Section 2.4) or (c) enter into any negotiations for
or enter into
any agreement that provides, or under certain circumstances would
provide, for
the acquisition of the Transferred Assets by a person other than
as
contemplated by this Agreement.

              Section 2.14.  Area of Mutual Interest Agreements. 
All area of
mutual interest agreements concerning or affecting the
Transferred Assets
between Unistar and its affiliates, on the one hand, and
Ultrastar and its
affiliates, on the other, including, but not limited to, the
Partnership
Agreement, the Management Agreement and the Enstar Offshore
Properties Area of
Mutual Interest Agreement, dated March 9, 1988 (the "Offshore
AMI") shall be
terminated and shall be of no further force and effect after
Closing.





                                      -8-

              Section 2.15.  Capital Contributions.  UTPC and
Ultramar shall
cause their respective affiliate that is a General Partner to
make a capital
contribution to Enstar, which may include application of amounts
pursuant to
Section 1.5(d), in equal amounts sufficient to provide for the
full payment of
the debt and other obligations of Enstar under the Enstar Credit
Agreement in
order to consummate the Discharge Agreement.


                                   ARTICLE 3

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


              Section 3.1.  Representations and Warranties of
UTPC.  UTPC
represents and warrants as follows:

              (a)    Each of UTPC, Unistar and UT Development is
a corporation
       duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of
       the state of its incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and
       authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its
       business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to
do business
       and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
character of its
       business made such qualification necessary except where
the failure so
       to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on its
financial
       condition or operations.  Each of UTPC, Unistar and UT
Development has
       heretofore delivered to Ultrastar true, correct and
complete copies of
       its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended to
the date
       hereof.

              (b)    The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the
       Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
consummation of the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been
duly and validly
       authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of each of
       UTPC, Unistar and UT Development and this Agreement and
the Related
       Agreements are, or upon their execution and delivery will
be, valid and
       binding obligations of each of UTPC, Unistar and UT
Development,
       enforceable against each of them in accordance with their
terms, except
       that such enforcement may be limited by any applicable
bankruptcy,
       insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws now or
       hereafter in effect affecting creditors' rights generally
and by general
       principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in a
       proceeding in equity or at law).  Neither the execution
and delivery by
       each of UTPC, Unistar and UT Development of this Agreement
or the
       Related Agreements to which it is a party nor the
consummation of the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, nor
compliance by UTPC,
       Unistar or UT Development with any of the provisions
hereof or thereof,
       will (i) conflict with or result in a breach of any
provision of its
       certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) result in a
material
       default (with due notice or lapse of time or both) or give
rise to any
       right of termination, cancellation or acceleration under
any of the
       terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture,
       license or agreement to which any of them is a party or by
which they or
       any of their properties or assets may be bound or (iii)
violate any
       order, writ, injunction, judgment, decree, statute, rule
or regulation
       applicable to UTPC, Unistar or UT Development or any of
their properties
       or assets, assuming receipt of the Consents and all
routine governmental
       consents normally acquired after the





                                      -9-

       consummation of transactions such as transactions of the
nature
       contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements.

              (c)    Neither execution and delivery of, nor
performance under,
       this Agreement or the Related Agreements is prohibited by
or requires
       any consent, authorization, approval or registration
(other than the
       Consents and such as are customarily obtained subsequent
to the
       consummation of transactions such as the transactions
contemplated
       hereby and thereby) under any law, rule or regulation, or
any judgment,
       order, writ, injunction or decree binding upon UTPC,
Unistar or UT
       Development.

              (d)    None of Unimar, Enstar, Ultrastar or Newstar
will directly
       or indirectly incur any liability or expense as a result
of undertakings
       or agreements of UTPC, Unistar or UT Development for
brokerage fees,
       finder's fees, agent's commissions or other similar form
of compensation
       in connection with this Agreement or any agreement or
transaction
       contemplated hereby.

              (e)    UTPC is experienced and knowledgeable in the
oil and gas
       business.  UTPC has provided access to the extent
permitted under
       Section 2.7 to all its books and records pertaining to the
Transferred
       Assets and has been afforded the opportunity to examine
the materials,
       books and records maintained by the operator with respect
to the
       Transferred Assets and by the parties hereto and has been
given access
       to other information relating to Enstar and the
Transferred Assets.
       Prior to entering into this Agreement, UTPC was advised by
its agents,
       representatives and counsel and such other persons it
deemed appropriate
       concerning this Agreement.  UTPC has made an independent
investigation
       and evaluation of, and appraisal and judgment with respect
to, the
       geologic and geophysical characteristics of the
Transferred Assets and
       the estimated hydrocarbon reserves recoverable therefrom,
title to the
       Transferred Assets and ownership and operation of the
Transferred
       Assets.

              (f)    UTPC has complied with its obligations under
the
       Management Agreement except to the extent such
non-compliance (i) has
       been consented to by Ultramar or its affiliates or (ii)
will not have a
       materially adverse consequence on the aggregate value of
the Newstar
       Assets taken as a whole.  Since January 1, 1989 UTPC has
not made any
       material transfer of equipment related to the Transferred
Assets, which
       are not in the ordinary course of business and have not
been documented
       in UTPC's records.


              Section 3.2.  Representations and Warranties of
Ultramar.
Ultramar represents and warrants as follows:

              (a)    Each of Ultramar, Ultrastar and Newstar is a
corporation
       duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of
       the state of its incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and
       authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to
carry on its
       business as now being conducted, and is duly qualified to
do business
       and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the
character of its
       business makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure so
       to qualify would not have a material adverse effect on its
financial
       condition or operations.  Each of Ultramar, Ultrastar and





                                      -10-

       Newstar has heretofore delivered to Unistar true, correct
and complete
       copies of its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as
amended to the
       date hereof.

              (b)    The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the
       Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
consummation of the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been
duly and validly
       authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part
of each of
       Ultramar, Ultrastar and Newstar and this Agreement and the
Related
       Agreements are, or upon their execution and delivery will
be, valid and
       binding obligations of each of Ultramar, Ultrastar and
Newstar,
       enforceable against each of them in accordance with their
terms, except
       that such enforcement may be limited by any applicable
bankruptcy,
       insolvency, reorganization, moratorium  or other similar
laws now or
       hereafter in effect affecting creditors' rights generally
and by general
       principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is
sought in a
       proceeding in equity or at law).  Neither the execution
and delivery by
       each of Ultramar, Ultrastar and Newstar of this Agreement
or the Related
       Agreements to which it is a party nor the consummation of
the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, nor
compliance by
       Ultramar, Ultrastar or Newstar with any of the provisions
hereof or
       thereof, will (i) conflict with or result in a breach of
any provision
       of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) result
in a material
       default (with due notice or lapse of time or both) or the
creation of
       any lien or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or
       acceleration under any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any
       note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license or agreement to
which either or
       them is a party or by which they or any of their
properties or assets
       may be bound or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction,
judgment,
       decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
Ultramar, Ultrastar or
       Newstar, or any of their properties or assets, assuming
receipt of the
       Consents and all routine governmental consents normally
acquired after
       the consummation of transactions such as transactions of
the nature
       contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements.

              (c)    Neither execution and delivery of, nor
performance under,
       this Agreement or the Related Agreements is prohibited by
or requires
       any consent, authorization, approval or registration
(other than the
       Consents and such as are customarily obtained subsequent
to the
       consummation of transactions such as the transactions
contemplated
       hereby) under any law, rule or regulation, or any
judgment, order, writ,
       injunction or decree binding upon Ultramar, Ultrastar or
Newstar.

              (d)    None of UTPC, Unimar, Enstar, Unistar or UT
Development
       will directly or indirectly incur any liability or expense
as a result
       of undertakings or agreements of Ultramar, Ultrastar or
Newstar for
       brokerage fees, finder's fees, agent's commissions or
other similar form
       of compensation in connection with this Agreement or any
agreement or
       transaction contemplated hereby.

              (e)    Ultramar is experienced and knowledgeable in
the oil and
       gas business.  Ultramar has provided access to the extent
permitted
       under Section 2.7 to all its books and records pertaining
to the
       Transferred Assets and has been afforded the opportunity
to examine the
       materials, books and records maintained by the operator
with respect to
       the Transferred Assets and by the parties hereto and has
been given
       access to other information relating to Enstar and the
Transferred
       Assets.  Prior to entering into this





                                      -11-

       Agreement, Ultramar was advised by its agents,
representatives and
       counsel and such other persons it deemed appropriate
concerning this
       Agreement.  Ultramar has had an opportunity to make an
independent
       investigation and evaluation of, and appraisal and
judgment with respect
       to, the geologic and geophysical characteristics of the
Transferred
       Assets and the estimated hydrocarbon reserves recoverable
therefrom,
       title to the Transferred Assets and ownership and
operation of the
       Transferred Assets.

              Section 3.3.  Representations and Warranties of
Unimar.  Unimar
hereby represents and warrants that:

              (a)    Unimar is a general partnership duly formed
pursuant to
       the Texas Act and has all necessary partnership power and
authority to
       carry on its business as now being conducted.  Unimar has
all the
       partnership power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and the
       Related Agreements, to which it is a party, and consummate
the
       Reorganization and transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby.

              (b)    Each of Enstar and the Subsidiaries is a
corporation duly
       organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its
       state of incorporation and has all necessary corporate
power and
       authority to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted.  Unimar
       has heretofore delivered to UTPC and Ultramar true and
complete copies
       of (i) Enstar's certificate of incorporation and bylaws
(the
       "Certificate of Incorporation" and the "Bylaws,"
respectively) as in
       existence on the date hereof and (ii) the charter and
bylaws of each of
       the Subsidiaries as in existence on the date hereof.  Each
of Enstar and
       the Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to
enter into
       this Agreement and the Related Agreements, to which it is
a party, and
       to consummate the Reorganization and transactions
contemplated hereby
       and thereby.  On the Closing Date, Enstar shall own all of
the issued
       and outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Subsidiaries free and
       clear of all liens, encumbrances, charges or claims, and
all of such
       shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.

              (c)    The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the
       Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
consummation of the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been
duly authorized
       by all necessary corporate action on the part of each of
Enstar and the
       Subsidiaries and partnership action on the part of Unimar. 
This
       Agreement and the Related Agreements are valid and binding
obligations
       of each of Unimar, Enstar and the Subsidiaries enforceable
against each
       of them in accordance with their terms.

              (d)    The execution and delivery by each of
Unimar, Enstar and
       the Subsidiaries of this Agreement and the Related
Agreements to which
       it is a party do not, and the performance of this
Agreement and the
       Related Agreements and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated
       hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with any
provision of the
       charter or bylaws of Enstar or the Subsidiaries, with the
partnership
       agreement of Unimar or with the Partnership Agreements or
(ii) violate
       any law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree,
order, governmental
       permit or license to which Unimar, Enstar, the
Subsidiaries or any of
       the Partnerships is subject, assuming receipt of all
routine
       governmental consents normally acquired after the
consummation of
       transactions such as





                                      -12-

       transactions of the nature contemplated by this Agreement
and the
       Related Agreements or (iii) subject to execution of the
Discharge
       Agreement, conflict with, or result in a breach or
violation of, or a
       default under, or give rise to any right of termination,
cancellation or
       acceleration under any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of  any
       agreement, indenture or instrument of Unimar, Enstar, the
Subsidiaries
       or of any of the Partnerships or to which Unimar, Enstar,
the
       Subsidiaries or any of the Partnerships or any of the
Transferred Assets
       or such entities' other properties or assets is subject
other than
       violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults which will not
have a
       material adverse effect on Unimar, Enstar, the
Subsidiaries or any of
       the Partnerships or preferential purchase rights,
requirements for
       consents to assignment or rights of first refusal with
respect to the
       Transferred Assets that shall have been discharged or
waived and
       required consents received on or before the Closing Date.

              (e)    The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this
       Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the consummation
of the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not
require the
       consent, approval or authorization of any governmental or
regulatory
       authority or any other person under any material permit,
license,
       agreement, indenture or other instrument to which Unimar,
Enstar, the
       Subsidiaries or any of the Partnerships is a party or by
which Unimar,
       Enstar, the Subsidiaries or any of the Partnerships is
bound, other than
       (i) consent of the lenders that are parties to the Enstar
Credit
       Agreement; and (ii) such other consents and approvals as
are customarily
       obtained subsequent to the consummation of the
transactions such as the
       transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  No consent,
vote or other
       approval by the limited partners of the Partnerships is
required to
       effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the Related
       Agreements and none of such transactions will accelerate
any right that
       such limited partners may presently have to cause the
redemption of such
       securities, or change any of the voting or other rights
that such
       limited partners are presently entitled to exercise under
the
       Partnership Agreements.  No declaration, filing or
registration with any
       governmental or regulatory authority is required of
Unimar, Enstar, the
       Subsidiaries or any of the Partnerships in connection with
any such
       transaction, except for such filings as may be required
under state blue
       sky or securities laws and except for the delivery and
filing of
       appropriate documents evidencing the Reorganization as
required by the
       Delaware General Corporation Law and applicable state
partnership laws.

              (f)    To the best of its knowledge and belief,
there are no (i)
       actions, suits or proceedings pending or threatened, and
there are no
       orders, decrees, injunctions or judgments of any court or
of any
       federal, state, or local department, agency, commission,
board, bureau
       or instrumentality instituted or obtained, or pending or
threatened,
       against Unimar, Enstar, UTPC, Ultramar, Ultrastar,
Unistar, Newstar, UT
       Development or any of the Partnerships relating to the
Transferred
       Assets, except as listed on Schedule 3.3(f) hereto (the
"Litigation
       Schedule"), which, individually or in the aggregate, would
materially
       adversely affect the value of any field by an amount in
excess of
       $50,000, which field is in the Transferred Assets of such
parties or
       (ii) material written claims asserted by Unimar, Enstar,
UTPC, Ultramar,
       Ultrastar, Unistar, Newstar, UT Development or any of the
Partnerships,
       relating to the Transferred Assets, at law or in equity,
or before any
       governmental agency or instrumentality, domestic or
foreign, except as
       listed on Schedule 3.3(f) hereto (the "Claims Schedule").





                                      -13-

              (g)    Except as specifically described on Schedule
3.3(g), to
       the best of its knowledge and belief neither Enstar, the
Subsidiaries
       nor any of the Partnerships is obligated to deliver any
material makeup
       volumes of oil, gas or associated minerals from the
Transferred Assets
       on account of prepayment, take-or-pay or similar
obligations previously
       received or accrued by Enstar or the Partnership.

              (h)    Except as specifically described on Schedule
3.3(h), as of
       the Valuation Date to the best of its knowledge and
belief, no gas or
       oil balancing agreement or similar arrangement to which
any production
       from the Transferred Assets is subject entitles any
interest owner in
       such production to receive after the Closing Date any
material makeup
       volumes or proceeds of production on account of excess
production
       received by Enstar or the Partnerships prior to the
Closing Date.


                     ARTICAL 4
 ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS AND COVENANTS

              Section 4.1. IRS Covenant.  From the date hereof,
each of the
parties to this Agreement covenants and agrees that it will fully
comply with
the requirements, representations and conditions that were set
forth in the IRS
Request and the statutory basis for the receipt of a favorable
IRS Ruling for
so long as necessary in order for the Reorganization to qualify
as a
distribution to which Section 355 of the Code applies; provided,
however, if a
favorable IRS Ruling in form reasonably satisfactory to each of
the General
Partners is not received, then this covenant will not apply and
be of no force
and effect.


                                    ARTICLE 5

                              CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

              Section 5.1.  Conditions to Obligations of the
Parties hereto to
Close.  The obligations of the parties hereto to consummate the
transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements are
subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions unless waived in writing
by the
parties hereto:

              (a)    The representations and warranties of the
parties hereto
       set forth herein (or as supplemented on or prior to the
Closing Date)
       shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the
       Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date,
except as to
       inaccuracies individually or in the aggregate that do not
have, and in
       the future are not reasonably expected to have, a
materially adverse
       effect on the Transferred Assets taken as a whole;

              (b)    Each of the parties to this Agreement and
the Related
       Agreements shall have performed all obligations and
agreements and
       complied with all covenants and conditions applicable to
it contained in
       this Agreement and the Related Agreements prior to or on
the Closing
       Date and shall have executed and delivered the Related
Agreements prior
       to or





                                      -14-

       on the Closing Date;

              (c)    No action, suit, proceeding or claim shall
be pending or
       threatened by any limited partner of any Partnership
against Enstar, any
       of the Partnerships or any party hereto, which could
materially
       adversely affect the business, financial condition,
results of
       operations or prospects of Enstar, any of the
Partnerships, the
       Transferred Assets or any party hereto or impose material
conditions on
       the transactions contemplated herein;

              (d)    UTPC, Ultramar and Unimar shall have
received from each
       other an officer's certificate dated the Closing Date,
signed by its
       President or any of its Vice Presidents, confirming
subsections (a), (b)
       and (c) of this Section 5.1; and

              (e)    Unimar and Enstar shall have received a
favorable IRS
       Ruling in form reasonably satisfactory to each of the
General Partners
       on the IRS Request that the Reorganization will qualify as
a
       distribution to which Section 355 of the Code applies.

                                   ARTICLE 6

    SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

              All representations and warranties made in this
Agreement, or in
any officers' certificate provided for by this Agreement, by UTPC
and Ultramar
shall terminate on, and be of no further force and effect after,
the Closing
Date.  The sole remedy for a breach of a representation and
warranty by UTPC or
Ultramar, as the case may be, shall be the right of the other
party under
Sections 5.1 and 7.1 to terminate this Agreement, and after the
Closing Date
neither UTPC nor Ultramar shall bear any responsibility with
respect to the
breach of any representation or warranty.  All representations
and warranties
made by Unimar in Section 3.3 of this Agreement shall be
continuing and with
respect to Sections 3.3(a) through (f) shall survive the Closing
Date for five
years and with respect to Sections 3.3(g) and (h) shall survive
the Closing
Date for one year.

                                   ARTICLE 7

                           TERMINATION AND AMENDMENT

              Section 7.1. Termination.  This Agreement may be
terminated:

              (a)    By the mutual written consent of the parties
at any time 
       prior to the Closing Date;

              (b)    By any party after August 31, 1990 if the
Closing has not
       occurred by that date;

              (c)    By any party if after the date hereof and
prior to the
       Closing any legislation that would have the effect of
prohibiting or
       making unlawful the transfer of Assets by Unimar, the
General Partners
       or Enstar or acquisition or ownership of the Transferred
Assets by the
       Subsidiaries and the General Partners has been enacted
into law;





                                      -15-

              (d)    By any party on the last day on which the
Closing may
       occur pursuant to Section 2.1 if the conditions to Closing
in Section
       5.1 are not fulfilled or waived; provided that the failure
to consummate
       the transaction on or before such date is not caused by
the willful
       failure of the party requesting termination.

              Any party shall exercise a right of termination
provided above by
written notice to the other party.  Notwithstanding any other
provision of this
Agreement, the provisions of Sections 2.3, 2.4, 9.6, 9.10 and
9.17 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement.

              Section 7.2. Amendment.

              (a)    At any time prior to the Closing this
Agreement may be
       amended or modified in any respect by the parties by an
agreement in
       writing executed in the same manner as this Agreement.

              (b)    No supplement, modification, waiver or
termination of this
       Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by
the party to be
       bound thereby.


                                   ARTICLE  8

                                    EXPENSES

              (a)    Except as provided herein, Enstar shall bear
and pay
       expenses incurred by the parties hereto in connection with
this
       Agreement, including accounting, petroleum engineering and
other fees
       and expenses other than third party fees or charges by
licensors to
       obtain third party releases with respect to seismic data,
which fees and
       charges shall be paid by the party desiring to obtain such
seismic data.
       In connection with the dissolution of certain other
partnerships for
       which Enstar is a general partner (other than the
Partnerships defined
       herein) Enstar shall pay all legal fees and expenses.


              (b)    Unistar and Ultrastar hereby agree that they
shall equally
       bear and pay all fees, costs and expenses incurred by
Enstar (if any) in
       connection with the termination (for tax purposes) of the
Partnerships
       pursuant to Section 708 of the Code as a result of the
Reorganization on
       the Closing Date.


                                   ARTICLE 9

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

              Section 9.1. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be
executed in one
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
instrument, but
all such counterparts together shall constitute but one
agreement.





                                      -16-

              Section 9.2. Notice.  All notices that are required
or may be
given pursuant to this Agreement shall be sufficient in all
respects if given
in writing and delivered personally or by registered or certified
mail, postage
prepaid, as follows:

              If to Unistar, UT Development or UTPC:

                     Union Texas Petroleum Corporation
                     1330 Post Oak Boulevard
                     Houston, Texas  77056
                     Attention:  General Counsel

              If to Ultramar, Ultrastar or Newstar:

                     Ultrastar, Inc.
                     120 White Plains Road
                     Tarrytown, New York  10591
                     Attention:  General Counsel

              If to Unimar or Enstar, to both of the above
addresses.

All notices shall be deemed to have been duly given at the time
of personal
delivery or mailing, except that any notice of termination of
this Agreement
under Article 7 shall be deemed to have been given at the time of
receipt by
the party to which such notice is addressed.

              Section 9.3. Further Assurances.  From and after
the Closing
Date, at the request of any party, but without further
consideration, a party
hereto will execute and deliver or cause to be executed and
delivered such
other instruments of conveyance and transfer and take such other
actions as any
party reasonably may require more effectively to vest in a party
hereto, or to
put a party hereto or its affiliate to the extent permissable in
possession of,
any of the Transferred Assets.

              Section 9.4. Schedules and Exhibits.  All Schedules
have been
prepared as of the date hereof (unless otherwise expressly
provided herein) and
Exhibits have been prepared as of the date set out thereon.


              Section 9.5. Defined Terms.  Terms used in this
Agreement, which
are not otherwise defined herein, shall have the respective
meanings specified
in the General Partnership Agreement of Unimar.

              Section 9.6. Assignment.  No party hereto shall
assign this
Agreement or any part thereof without the prior written consent
of the other
parties.

              Section 9.7. Closing Period Adjustments.

              (a)    Within 120 days after the Closing, UTPC, on
behalf of
       Enstar and for which UTPC will be reimbursed pursuant to
the terms of
       the Partnership Agreement, shall





                                      -17-

       prepare a certain statement described in this Section 9.7
(the "Closing
       Period Adjustment Statement") for each of Newstar and UT
Development,
       each of which shall give UTPC and Newstar reasonable
access to its books
       and records.  The Closing Period Adjustment Statement
shall cover
       operations related to the Newstar Assets and the UT Assets
for the time
       period beginning on the Valuation Date and ending on the
(i) last day of
       the month in which the Closing occurs if the Closing Date
is after the
       15th day of such month or (ii) the last day of the month
preceding the
       Closing if the Closing Date occurs prior to the 16th day
of a month (the
       "Actual Closing Period") as if during the Actual Closing
Period Newstar
       had owned the Newstar Assets and UT Development had owned
the UT Assets.
       The Closing Period Adjustment Statement is also
hereinafter referred to
       as the "Newstar Closing Period Adjustment Statement" and
the "UT
       Development Closing Period Adjustment Statement."

              (b)    As more fully set forth on Schedule 9.7
hereto, the
       Closing Period Adjustment Statement shall include the
following:

                     (i)    The Newstar Closing Period Adjustment
Statement
              shall set forth (A) net operating income accrued
from the Newstar
              Assets, net of capital expenditures incurred,
during the Actual
              Closing Period to be allocated to Newstar and (B)
the acquisition
              or sale of any Newstar Assets during the Actual
Closing Period to
              be charged or credited to Newstar; and

                     (ii)   The UT Development Closing Period
Adjustment
              Statement shall set forth (A) net operating income
accrued from
              the UT Assets, net of capital expenditures
incurred, during the
              Actual Closing Period to be allocated to UT
Development and (B)
              the acquisition or sale of any UT Assets during the
Actual
              Closing Period to be charged or credited to UT
Development.

              (c)    General and administrative expenses,
interest expense and
       income tax expense incurred, and net operating income
accrued with
       respect to Assets which are not Newstar Assets or UT
Assets as well as
       exploration expenses and production payment interest for
all the Assets,
       shall be shared in accordance with Schedule 9.7 hereto. 
In addition,
       the Closing Period Adjustment Statement shall include
special
       adjustments set forth on Schedule 9.7 hereto.

              (d)    The Closing Period Adjustment Statement
shall be prepared
       in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles except as
       otherwise reflected in the Closing Period Adjustment
Statement for the
       Actual Closing Period as if the Actual Closing Period were
a separate
       and distinct accounting period.  The Closing Period
Adjustment Statement
       shall be in such detail and shall contain or have attached
thereto such
       supporting documentation as Newstar or UT Development
shall reasonably
       request.  Each party and its accountants shall be provided
access to all
       books, records, computer runs and other documents
containing information
       on which the Closing Period Adjustment Statement is based
for the
       purpose of conducting an audit thereof or such other
review as such
       party may deem appropriate for a period from the date
hereof to the date
       two (2) years subsequent to the Closing Date.  For the
purposes of this
       Section 9.7 the term "Newstar Assets" and "UT Assets"
shall include all
       assets that would have been Newstar Assets or





                                      -18-

       UT Assets, respectively, on the Closing Date but for their
prior sale,
       disposal, destruction or other disposition during the
Actual Closing
       Period.

              (e)    Subject to the right to audit set forth in
Section 9.7(d),
       the Closing Period Adjustment Statement shall become final
and binding
       on Newstar and UT Development, respectively, on the 30th
day following
       the date of receipt thereof, unless prior to such 30th day
such party
       shall deliver to UTPC written notice of its disagreement
therewith,
       together with proposed changes thereto.  If such notice is
delivered,
       then the Closing Period Adjustment Statement shall become
final and
       binding upon written agreement between Newstar or UT
Development, as the
       case may be, and UTPC resolving all disagreements of the
disputing
       party.  If the Closing Period Adjustment Statement has not
become final
       and binding by the 30th day following the receipt by UTPC
of written
       notice of disagreement, then such disagreement shall be
submitted to
       binding arbitration by the firm of Arthur Andersen & Co.
or other
       nationally recognized independent accountants as may be
jointly selected
       by Newstar and UT Development.  The fees and expenses of
such resolution
       shall all be borne by Enstar.  The determination of the
Closing Period
       Adjustment Statement by such resolution shall be final and
binding upon
       UTPC and the disputing party.

              (f)    Within two days from the date the applicable
Closing
       Period Adjustment Statement becomes final and binding, UT
Development or
       Newstar, as the case may be, shall by wire transfer to a
designated
       account make payments (if any) required thereunder to the
other with
       regard to the difference between the Closing Period
Adjustment Statement
       and the Closing Statement.  With respect to any amounts
owed by Newstar
       or UT Development to the other pursuant to this Section
9.7(f), Ultramar
       and UTPC hereby agree to guarantee the timely payment of
such amounts by
       Newstar and UT Development, respectively.

              (g)    After the Closing, UTPC shall be responsible
for handling
       any open audits, which may arise, that relate to periods
prior to the
       Closing Date for which UTPC previously handled under the
Management
       Agreement but shall be compensated pursuant to the terms
of the Unimar
       Partnership Agreement.  To the extent such audits result
in any claims
       or liabilities, such claims or liabilities will be for the
benefit of or
       be borne by (i) Enstar to the extent such matter relates
to the period
       prior to the Valuation Date, (ii) Newstar or UT
Development, as the case
       may be, who for purposes of this accounting adjustment is
deemed to own
       the applicable Transferred Asset after the Valuation Date
and (iii) by
       Enstar with respect to any other audit.  Any disagreement
as to
       adjustment resulting from such open audit shall be
submitted to binding
       arbitration by the firm of Arthur Andersen & Co. or other
nationally
       recognized independent accountants as may be jointly
selected by Newstar
       and UT Development.  The fees and expenses of such
resolution shall be
       borne by Enstar.  The determination of such open audit
adjustment by
       such resolution shall be final and binding upon the
disputing parties.
       Payment of any adjustments hereunder shall be handled in
the same manner
       as in Section 9.7(f).  Newstar shall have the right, at
its election, to
       take over the handling of any open audit that relates to
the Newstar
       Assets.





                                      -19-

              Section 9.8. Payments and Invoices Received After
the Closing.

              (a)    After the Closing, Newstar and UT
Development shall,
       immediately upon their receipt, turn over or cause to be
turned over to
       the appropriate party, any amounts from or related to the
Transferred
       Assets received by Newstar, UT Development or their
affiliates, which
       amounts (i) are accounted for in the Closing Period
Adjustment
       Statements and have not been previously turned over to the
appropriate
       party in accordance with the Closing Period Adjustment
Statements or
       (ii) related to the period prior to the Valuation Date.

              (b)    After the Closing, Newstar and UT
Development shall,
       immediately upon their receipt, turn over or cause to be
turned over to
       the appropriate party any invoices or any other demand for
payment for
       costs and expenses that were incurred as costs for
operation or
       ownership of or expenses related to the Transferred Assets
(i) during
       the Closing Period and which are accounted for in the
Closing Period
       Adjustment Statements and have not previously been turned
over to the
       appropriate party in accordance with the Closing Period
Adjustment
       Statements or (ii) during the period prior to the
Valuation Date.

              (c)    After the Closing, Enstar shall, immediately
upon its
       receipt, turn over or cause to be turned over to Newstar
or UT
       Development, as the case may be, (i) all amounts that
would be, but were
       not, properly included in the Closing Period Adjustment
Statements
       including applicable insurance proceeds, if any, that
relate to such
       Closing Period and (ii) any amounts from the Transferred
Assets received
       by Enstar, which amounts relate to the period after the
Closing Date
       pursuant to the Letters in Lieu of Division and Transfer
Orders,
       assignments or notices required pursuant to this
Agreement.

              Section 9.9. Surety Bond Coverage.  Ultramar shall
use its best
efforts to obtain as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Closing
replacement surety bonds for Newstar obtaining the release of
UTPC and Enstar.
Ultramar agrees to indemnify and hold harmless UTPC against and
from any loss,
cost or expense incurred or suffered by UTPC or Enstar arising
out of any claim
and premium payment related to UTPC's or Enstar's maintenance of
such surety
bonds for Newstar after the Closing Date.

              Section 9.10. Confidentiality.  After the Closing
or termination
of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall continue to hold in
confidence all
information and data concerning the Transferred Assets no longer
owned by such
party or its affiliates (other than information and data that
becomes generally
available to the public other than through disclosure by any of
the parties
hereto or their officers, employees or representatives),
including without
limitation, seismic data pursuant to the terms of the Seismic
Agreement;
provided, however, the foregoing shall not restrict necessary
disclosures in
compliance with applicable securities laws or other laws or an
order by court
or governmental agency.  The aforesaid obligation shall terminate
at such time
as the information and data in question become generally
available to the
public other than through the breach by any of the parties hereto
or its
affiliates, officers, employees or representatives of said
obligation.





                                      -20-

              Section 9.11. Severance.  Enstar shall only be
responsible for
all payments and liabilities from the severance of ten employees
designated by
UTPC who are not offered continuation of employment with UTPC or
its
affiliates; provided, the aggregate costs of such severance
payments by Enstar
shall not exceed $300,000.

              Section 9.12. Captions.  The captions in this
Agreement are for
convenience only and shall not be considered a part of or affect
the
construction or interpretation of any provision of this
Agreement.

              Section 9.13. Governing Law.  THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE LEGAL
RELATIONS BETWEEN THE PARTIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICTS
OF LAWS OTHERWISE APPLICABLE TO SUCH DETERMINATION.  NOTHING
HEREIN SHALL
AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO COMMENCE LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE
PROCEED AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

              Section 9.14. Waivers.  Any failure of any party or
parties to
comply with any of its or their obligations, agreements or
conditions herein
contained may be waived in writing, but not in any other manner,
by the party
or parties to whom such compliance is owed.  No waiver of, or
consent to a
change in, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be
deemed or shall
constitute a waiver of, or consent to a change in, other
provisions hereof
(whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a
continuing waiver
unless otherwise expressly provided.

              Section 9.15. Acknowledgement.  WITHOUT DIMINISHING
THE SCOPE OF
THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF UNIMAR,
ULTRASTAR,
UNISTAR, ENSTAR, NEWSTAR, UT DEVELOPMENT AND UTPC IN THIS
AGREEMENT AND WITHOUT
AFFECTING OR IMPAIRING THE PARTIES' HERETO RIGHTS TO RELY
THEREON, THE PARTIES
HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NONE OF SUCH PARTIES HAS MADE, AND
UNIMAR
HEREBY
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS AND NEGATES, ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR
WARRANTY, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE CONDITION OF THE ASSETS AND
OPERATIONS OF ENSTAR,
THE SUBSIDIARIES AND THE PARTNERSHIPS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY
IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR
PURPOSE) AND TO THE RESERVE REPORT BY WILLIAMSON DATED MARCH 31,
1989 EFFECTIVE
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1988, THE EXISTENCE OR EXTENT OF OWNERSHIP,
TITLE,
RECOVERABILITY OR VALUES OF RESERVES SHOWN THEREIN OR PRODUCT
PRICING
ASSUMPTIONS, GEOLOGICAL, GEOPHYSICAL OR SEISMIC DATA USED
THEREIN, AND FURTHER,
THE PARTIES HERETO ACCEPT ALL THE PROPERTY OF ENSTAR IN ITS "AS
IS," "WHERE IS"
CONDITION.

              Section 9.16. Files and Records.  After the Closing
Date, the
parties hereto agree that upon a reasonable request each party
shall make
available to the other parties during reasonable times and at
such requesting
party's expense, for review and copying necessary information to
which it has
access without violating confidentiality provisions with respect
to (a)





                                      -21-

federal, local or state regulatory or tax matters, (b) resolution
of existing
disputes or contract compliance issues relating to the
Transferred Assets, (c)
matters relating to this Agreement or (d) other matters or
disputes relating to
Unimar's, Enstar's or their affiliates' prior ownership of or
liability with
respect to the Transferred Assets.  The parties hereto agree that
after the
Closing Date they will hold in strict confidence and not disclose
to anyone
other than their respective officers, employees and
representatives, and to
other persons as required in connection with the foregoing uses,
any
information and data concerning the Transferred Assets unless
such information
and data is generally available to the public other than through
disclosure by
such party or is required to be disclosed under applicable
securities or other
laws or order by court or governmental agency.

              Section 9.17. Equitable Remedy.  The parties hereto
agree that
money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of
Sections 2.3,
2.4, 2.7, 2.8, 9.10 or 9.16 of this Agreement and that each such
party shall be
entitled to equitable relief, including injunction and specific
performance, in
the event of any breach of any of those Sections, in addition to
all other
remedies available at law or in equity.

              Section 9.18. Severability.  If any provision of
this Agreement
is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder of this
Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect.

              Section 9.19. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement,
including the
Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto, constitutes  the entire
agreement among
the parties hereto.

              Section 9.20.  Conflict.  In the event that after
the Closing
there shall be any conflict between the provisions of this
Agreement and the
Related Agreements, the provisions of the Related Agreements
shall control.

              IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed
by a duly
authorized officer of each of the parties hereto, all as of the
date first
above written.

                                       UNIMAR COMPANY

                                       By:   Unistar, Inc., a
General Partner

                                             By:   /s/W.M. KRIPS  
         
                                                 
- -------------------------
                                             Name:  W.M. KRIPS    
          
                                             Title: President    

   


                                      By:    Ultrastar, Inc., a
General Partner

                                             By:  /s/R.W. BLAND   
         
                                                 
- --------------------------
                                             Name:  R.W. BLAND    
        
                                             Title: Senior Vice
President   





                                      -22-

                                        UNISTAR, INC.

                                        By:  /s/W.M. KRIPS        
      
                                            
- ---------------------------------
                                        Name:  W.M. KRIPS         
     
                                        Title: President          
         


                                        ULTRASTAR, INC.

                                        By:  /s/R.W. BLAND        
     
                                            
- ---------------------------------
                                        Name:  R.W. BLAND         
     
                                        Title: Senior Vice
President    


                                         ENSTAR CORPORATION

                                         By:  /s/R.W. BLAND       
      
                                             
- --------------------------------
                                         Name:  R.W. BLAND        
     
                                         Title: President         
          


                                          NEWSTAR INC.

                                          By:  /s/R.W. BLAND      
       
                                              
- -------------------------------
                                          Name:  R.W. BLAND       
      
                                          Title: President        
           


                                           UNION TEXAS
DEVELOPMENT
                                             CORPORATION

                                           By:  /s/W.M. KRIPS     
         
                                               
- ------------------------------
                                           Name:  W.M. KRIPS      
        
                                           Title: President       
            


                                           UNION TEXAS PETROLEUM
                                             CORPORATION

                                           By:  /s/W.M. KRIPS     
         
                                               
- ------------------------------
                                           Name:  W.M. KRIPS      
        
                                           Title: Senior Vice
President    


                                            ULTRAMAR AMERICA
LIMITED

                                            By:  /s/R.W. BLAND    
         
                                                
- ----------------------------- 
                                            Name:  R.W. BLAND     
        
                                            Title: Vice President 
            





                                      -23-



List of omitted Exhibits and Schedules to Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization
dated December 22, 1989 among Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc.,
Unistar, Inc.,
ENSTAR Corporation, Newstar, Inc., Union Texas Development
Corporation, Union
Texas Petroleum Corporation and Ultramar America Limited.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBITS                 DESCRIPTION
<S>                      <C>
Exhibit A                Assets Conveyed to UT Development
Exhibit B                Assets Conveyed to Newco
Exhibit C                Form of Conveyance
Exhibit D                Intentionally omitted
Exhibit E                Transition Space and Services Agreement
Exhibit F                Enstar Discharge Agreement
Exhibit G                Assumption and Indemnification Agreement
Exhibit H                Marketing Agreement
Exhibit I                IRS Request
Exhibit J                Partnership Amendment
Exhibit K                Termination Agreement
Exhibit L                Amended 1985 Agreement
Exhibit M                Amended 1987 Agreement
Exhibit N                Assignments
Exhibit O                Seismic Agreement
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SCHEDULES                DESCRIPTION
<S>                      <C>
Schedule 1.5             Estimated Closing Schedule
Schedule 3.3(f)          Litigation and Claims
Schedule 3.3(g)          Makeup
Schedule 3.3(h)          Gas and Oil Balancing
Schedule 9.7             Closing Period Adjustments Schedule
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED PRODUCTION SHARING
CONTRACT
<TEXT>







                           AMENDED AND RESTATED


                        PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT


                                  Between



            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA

                                (PERTAMINA)


                                    And



                         ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.,

                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY,

                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY,

                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED,

                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED,

                   UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC., and

                          HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



<PAGE>













                           AMENDED AND RESTATED
                        PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT
                                  between
                         PERTAMINA AND VICO, ET AL
                 (effective August 8, 1968-August 7, 1998)<PAGE>
           

CONTENTS


Section                                                  Page

  I   Scope and Definitions                                 2

 II   Term                                                  4

III   Exclusion of Areas                                    4

 IV   Work Program and Expenditures                         5

  V   Rights and Obligations of the Parties                 6

 VI   Recovery of Investment Credit and
      Operating Costs and Handling of Production           11

VII   Valuation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas               14

VIII  Compensation and Production Bonuses                  17

 IX   Payments and Currency                                17

  X   Title to Equipment                                   18

 XI   Consultation and Arbitration                         19

XII   Employment and Training of Indonesian Personnel      19

XIII  Termination                                          19

XIV   Books and Accounts and Audits                        19

 XV   Other Provisions                                     20

XVI   Effectiveness                                        22

 Exhibit "A":  Map of Contract Area                            A-1

 Exhibit "B":  Description of Contract Area                    B-1

 Exhibit "C":  Accounting Procedure                            C-1
<PAGE>
                           AMENDED AND RESTATED

                        PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT


    THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT (this
"Contract"), is made and entered into in Jakarta, Indonesia, on
this ..... day of ...................., 1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN
PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA, a State Enterprise,
established on the basis of Law No. 8/1971 ("Pertamina"), party of
the first part, and ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC., a Delaware, USA
corporation ("Huffco"), VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, a Delaware,
USA corporation ("Virginia"), VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, a Nevada,
USA corporation, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED, a Bermuda corporation,
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, a Bahamian corporation,
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC., a Liberian corporation, and
HUFFINGTON CORPORATION, a Delaware, USA corporation (all of which
are referred to herein collectively as "Contractors", and each
separately as "Contractor"), parties of the second part (Pertamina
and each Contractor being referred to herein either individually as
a "Party" or collectively as the "Parties");

                                WITNESSETH:

    WHEREAS, P.N. Perusahaan Minyak Nasional ("Permina"),
predecessor to Pertamina, entered into a Production Sharing
Contract dated August 8, 1968 with Huffco and Virginia covering
certain lands in East Kalimantan and South Sumatra, Indonesia,
including the Contract Area, which Production Sharing Contract has
heretofore been amended by, inter alia, documents dated as of
January 1, 1978 and April 14, 1981 entered into by Pertamina and
Contractors, or their respective predecessors in interest (such
Production Sharing Contract, as so amended, being herein called the
"Original Production Sharing Contract"); and

    WHEREAS, all of the interest of Huffco and Virginia in the
Original Production Sharing Contract is now held by Contractors;
and

    WHEREAS, all lands described in and covered by the Original
Production Sharing Contract, other than the Contract Area, have
been relinquished from the effect thereof; and

    WHEREAS, this Contract is due to expire at midnight on August
7, 1998, and contemporaneously herewith the Parties are entering
into a Production Sharing Contract (the "Renewed Production Sharing
Contract") covering the Contract Area, such Renewed Production
Sharing Contract to take effect immediately on the expiration of
this Contract; and

    WHEREAS, all mineral oil and gas existing within the statutory
mining territory of the Republic of Indonesia are national riches
controlled by the State; and

    WHEREAS, Pertamina has an exclusive "Authority to Mine" for
Petroleum in and throughout the area outlined on the map which is
Exhibit "A", which area is more particularly described in Exhibit
"B", each of which is  attached hereto and made a part hereof,
which area is herein referred to as the "Contract Area"; and

    WHEREAS, Pertamina wishes to promote the development of the
Contract Area, and Contractors desire to join and assist Pertamina
in accelerating the exploration and development of Petroleum which
has heretofore been discovered, together with the potential
resources within the Contract Area; and

    WHEREAS, Contractors have the financial ability, technical
competence and skill necessary to carry out the Petroleum
Operations hereinafter described; and 

    WHEREAS, in accordance with Law No. 44 Prp/1960 and Law No.
8/1971, cooperative agreements in the form of a production sharing
contract may be entered into in the sector of oil and gas between
Pertamina and foreign capital investors;

    WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the terms of the Original
Production Sharing Contract in certain respects and to incorporate
such amendments, as well as all prior amendments, into this
Contract, which will affirm and define the rights and obligations
of the Parties with respect to the exploration, development,
production and export of hydrocarbons from the Contract Area from
the Effective Date through the remainder of the term originally
stated therein (i.e., through August 7, 1998) and will, as of the
Effective Date, supersede and replace the Original Production
Sharing Contract; 

    NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual
promises, covenants and conditions hereinafter contained, it is
hereby agreed as follows:


SECTION I

SCOPE AND DEFINITIONS

1.1 SCOPE

    This Contract is a production sharing contract.  In accordance
with the provisions herein contained, Pertamina shall have and be
responsible for the management of the operations contemplated
hereunder.  Contractors shall be responsible to Pertamina for the
execution of such operations in accordance with the provisions of
this Contract and are hereby appointed and constituted the
exclusive companies to conduct Petroleum Operations.  Contractors
shall provide all the financial and technical assistance required
for such operations.  Contractors shall carry the risk of Operating
Costs required in carrying out operations and shall therefore have
an economic interest in the development of the Petroleum deposits
in the Contract Area.  Such costs shall be included in Operating
Costs recoverable as provided in Section VI.  Except as may
otherwise be provided in this Contract, in the Accounting Procedure
attached hereto or by written agreement of Pertamina, Contractors
will not incur interest expenses to finance their operations
hereunder.  During the term of this Contract the total production
achieved in the conduct of such operations shall be divided in
accordance with the provisions of Section VI hereof.

1.2 DEFINITIONS

    In the text of this Contract, the Words and Terms defined in
Article 1 of Law No. 44 Prp/1960 shall have the same meaning in
accordance with such definitions.  In addition the following terms
shall be defined as set forth below:

    Affiliated Company or Affiliate means, as to each Party to
this Contract, a company or other entity that controls or is
controlled by such Party or a company or other entity which
controls or is controlled by a company or other entity which
controls such Party, it being understood that control shall mean
ownership by one company or entity of at least fifty per cent (50%)
of (a) the voting stock, if the other company is a corporation
issuing stock, or (b) the controlling rights or interests, if the
other entity is not a corporation.

    Barrel means a quantity or unit of oil, forty-two (42) United
States gallons at the temperature of sixty degrees (60o)
Fahrenheit.

    Budget of Operating Costs means cost estimate of all items
included in the Work Program.

    Calendar Year or Year means a period of twelve (12) months
commencing with January 1 and ending on the following December 31
according to the Gregorian Calendar.

    Contract Area means the Area within the statutory mining
territory of Indonesia covered by the "Authority to Mine" which is
the subject of this Contract, which Contract Area is outlined and
described in Exhibits "A" and "B" attached hereto and made a part
hereof.

    Contract Year means a period of twelve (12) consecutive months
according to the Gregorian Calendar counted from the Effective Date
of this Contract or from the anniversary of such Effective Date.

    Crude Oil means crude mineral oil, asphalt, ozokerite and all
kinds of hydrocarbons and bitumens, both in solid and in liquid
form, in their natural state or obtained from Natural Gas by
condensation or extraction.

    Effective Date means the date that both this Contract and the
Renewed Production Sharing Contract are approved by the Government
of the Republic of Indonesia in accordance with the provisions of
applicable law.

    First Tranche Petroleum shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.3.1.

    Force Majeure means delays or defaults in performance under
this Contract caused by circumstances beyond the control and
without the fault or negligence of Contractors and/or Pertamina
that may affect economically or otherwise the continuing of
operations under this Contract, including but not restricted to
acts of God or the public enemy, perils of navigation, fire, flood,
hostilities, war (declared or undeclared), blockade, labor
disturbances, strikes, riots, insurrections, civil commotion,
quarantine restrictions, epidemics, storms, earthquake or
accidents.

    Foreign Exchange means currency other than that of the
Republic of Indonesia but acceptable to Pertamina and to the
Republic of Indonesia and to Contractors.

    Investment Credit means the investment credit provided for in
Section 6.1.7 of this Contract.

    Natural Gas means all gaseous hydrocarbons produced from
wells, including wet mineral gas, dry mineral gas, casinghead gas
and residue gas remaining after the extraction of liquid
hydrocarbons from wet gas.

    Operating Costs means the expenditures made and obligations
incurred in carrying out Petroleum Operations hereunder determined
in accordance with the Accounting Procedure attached hereto and
made a part hereof as Exhibit "C".

    Petroleum means mineral oil and gas, herein called Crude Oil
and Natural Gas, as defined in this Contract and in Law No. 44
Prp/1960.

    Petroleum Operations means all exploration, development,
extraction, producing,  transportation, marketing and other
operations authorized or contemplated under this Contract.

    Work Program means a statement itemizing the Petroleum
Operations to be carried out in the Contract Area as set forth in
Section IV.


SECTION II

TERM

2.1.1    The term of this Contract shall be thirty (30)
years as from August 8, 1968, and as of the Effective Date this
Contract shall replace and supersede the Original Production
Sharing Contract.

2.1.2    On the date of execution hereof Pertamina and
Contractors have entered into the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract covering the Contract Area, less such portions thereof
which may be relinquished during the term of this Contract, during
the period August 8, 1998 through August 7, 2018.


SECTION III

EXCLUSION OF AREAS


3.1.1    Contractors, having fulfilled their obligations
under the Original Production Sharing Contract to relinquish
portions of the contract areas described therein, shall carry on
Petroleum Operations in the Contract Area as defined in this
Contract.

3.1.2    In addition to the relinquishments heretofore
made, it is agreed that the following additional surrenders of
portions of the Contract Area shall be made:

    (a)  By not later than the first anniversary of the
         Effective Date Contractors shall surrender an
         area equal to ten percent (10%) of the
         Contract Area;

    (b)  By not later than the fourth anniversary of
         the Effective Date Contractors shall surrender
         an additional area equal to ten percent (10%)
         of the Contract Area; and

    (c)  By not later than August 7, 1998 Contractors
         shall surrender an additional area equal to
         ten percent (10%) of the Contract Area;

provided, however, that the foregoing provisions shall not require
Contractors to surrender any portion of the Contract Area
corresponding to the surface area of any field in which Petroleum
has been discovered.

 3.1.3   Upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Pertamina prior
to the end of any Calendar Year, Contractor shall have the right to
surrender any portion of the Contract Area, and such portion shall
then be credited against that portion of the Contract Area which
Contractors are next required to surrender under the provisions of
Section 3.1.2.


SECTION IV

WORK PROGRAM AND EXPENDITURES 


4.1.1 Contractors, in conducting exploration operations under
the Original Production Sharing Contract, have complied with the
provisions respecting minimum expenditures set forth in Section 4.2
thereof.  Further, Contractors have submitted and Pertamina has
approved Work Programs for each Calendar Year through 1990, and
such Work Programs through Calendar Year 1989 have been conducted
in accordance with the Original Production Sharing Contract.

 4.1.2   At least three (3) months prior to the beginning of each
Calendar Year, or at such other times as otherwise mutually agreed
by the Parties,  Contractors shall prepare and submit for approval
to Pertamina a Work Program and Budget of Operating Costs for the
Contract Area setting forth the Petroleum Operations which
Contractors propose to carry out during the ensuing Calendar Year.

 4.1.3   Should Pertamina wish to propose a revision as to certain
specific features of said Work Program and Budget of Operating
Costs, it shall within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof so
notify Contractors specifying in reasonable details its reasons
therefor.  Promptly thereafter, the Parties  will meet and endeavor
to agree on the revisions proposed by Pertamina.  In any event, any
portion of the Work Program as to which Pertamina has not proposed
a revision shall insofar as possible be carried out as prescribed
herein.

4.1.4 It is recognized by the Parties that the details of a
Work Program may require changes in the light of existing
circumstances, and nothing herein contained shall limit the right
of Contractors to make such changes, provided they do not change
the general objective of the Work Program nor increase the
expenditures in the approved Budget of Operating Costs.

4.1.5 It is further recognized that in the event of emergency
or extraordinary circumstances requiring immediate action, any
Party may take all actions it deems proper or advisable to protect
its interests and those of its respective employees, and any cost
so incurred shall be included in the Operating Costs.

4.1.6 Pertamina agrees that the approval of a proposed Work
Program and Budget of Operating Costs will not be unreasonably
withheld.

4.1.7 The amount to be spent by Contractors in conducting
further exploration operations, including delineation drilling,
pursuant to this Contract in each of the six (6) Calendar Years
commencing with Calendar Year 1990 shall be not less than the
amount set forth opposite each such Year as follows:

      CALENDAR YEAR             EXPLORATION EXPENDITURE  

         1990                   US$ 19,000,000
         1991                       12,000,000
         1992                        6,000,000
         1993                        6,000,000
         1994                        6,000,000
         1995                        6,000,000

All Operating Costs incurred by Contractors from and after January
1, 1990 for exploration operations hereunder shall be credited
against the amounts referred to above.  If during any Calendar Year
Contractors should spend less than the amount of money required to
be so expended, an amount equal to such under expenditure may, with
Pertamina's consent, be carried forward and added to the amount to
be expended in the following Calendar Year without prejudice to
Contractors' rights hereunder.  If during any Calendar Year
Contractors should expend more than the amount of money required to
be so expended, the excess may be subtracted from the amount of
money to be so expended by Contractors during the succeeding
Calendar Year or Years.


SECTION V

RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

5.1.1 Subject to Sections 5.1.2(f), (g) and (h):

5.1.2 Contractors shall:

      (a)    Advance all necessary funds and purchase or lease all
             material, equipment and supplies required to be purchased or
             leased with Foreign Exchange pursuant to the Work Program.

      (b)    Furnish all technical aid, including foreign personnel,
             required for the performance of the Work Program, payment
             whereof requires Foreign Exchange.

      (c)    Furnish such other funds for the performance of the Work
             Program that requires payment in Foreign Exchange including
             payment to foreign third parties who perform services as a
             contractor.

      (d)    Be responsible for the preparation and execution of the Work
             Program, which shall be implemented in a workmanlike manner
             and by appropriate scientific methods; and Contractors shall
             take the necessary precautions for protection of navigation
             and fishing and shall prevent extensive pollution of the sea
             or rivers.  It is also understood that the execution of the
             Work Program shall be exercised so as not to conflict with
             obligations imposed on the Government of Indonesia by
             International Law.

      (e)    Retain control to all leased property paid for with Foreign
             Exchange and brought into Indonesia and be entitled to freely
             remove same therefrom.

      (f)    Each Contractor shall have the right to sell, assign,
             transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all its rights and
             interests under this Contract to any Affiliated Company
             without the prior written consent of Pertamina, provided that
             Pertamina shall be notified in writing of the same beforehand
             and further provided that any assignee to which such rights
             and interests are assigned shall not hold more than one
             Production Sharing Contract.

      (g)    Each Contractor shall have the right to sell, assign,
             transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of any part of its
             rights and interests under this Contract undividedly to
             parties other than Affiliated Companies with the prior written
             consent of Pertamina, which consent shall not be unreasonably
             withheld.

      (h)    Each Contractor shall have the right to sell, assign,
             transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all of its rights and
             interests under this Contract undividedly to parties other
             than Affiliated Companies with the prior written consent of
             Pertamina and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia,
             which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

      (i)    Have the right of ingress to and egress from the Contract Area
             and to and from facilities wherever located at all times.

      (j)    Have the right to use and have access to, and Pertamina shall
             furnish, all geological, geophysical, drilling, well,
             production and other information held by Pertamina or by any
             other governmental agency or enterprise relating to the
             Contract Area, including well location maps.

      (k)    Have the right to use and have access to, and Pertamina shall
             make available so far as possible, all geological,
             geophysical, drilling, well, production and other information
             now or in the future held by it or by any other governmental
             agency or enterprise relating to the areas adjacent to the
             Contract Area.

      (l)    Submit to Pertamina copies of all such original geological,
             geophysical, drilling, well, production and other data and
             reports as may be compiled during the term hereof.

      (m)    Prepare and carry out plans and programs for industrial
             training and education of Indonesians for all job
             classifications with respect to operations contemplated
             hereunder, as provided in Section XII hereof.

      (n)    Each Contractor shall have the right during the term hereof
             to freely lift, dispose of and export its share of Petroleum
             and retain abroad the proceeds obtained therefrom.

      (o)    Appoint an authorized representative for Indonesia with
             respect to this Contract, who shall have an office in Jakarta.

      (p)    After commercial production commences, fulfill their
             obligation towards the supply of the domestic market in
             Indonesia.  Contractors agree to sell and deliver to Pertamina
             a portion of the share of the Crude Oil to which they are
             entitled pursuant to Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1 calculated for
             each Year as follows:


           (i)     multiply the total quantity of Crude Oil produced from
                   the Contract Area by a fraction, the numerator of which
                   is the total quantity of Crude Oil to be supplied and
                   the denominator of which is the entire Indonesian
                   production of Crude Oil of all petroleum companies;
           (ii)    compute twenty-five percent (25%) of the total
                   quantity of Crude Oil produced from the Contract
                   Area; and

           (iii)   multiply the lower quantity computed either under (i)
                   or (ii) by  the resultant percentage of Contractors'
                   entitlement as applicable under Section 6.1.3 from
                   the Crude Oil remaining after deducting Operating
                   Costs.

         The quantity of Crude Oil computed under (iii) shall be the
         maximum quantity to be supplied by Contractors in any Year
         pursuant to this paragraph, and deficiencies, if any, shall
         not be carried forward to any subsequent Year; provided, that
         if for any Year the recoverable Operating Costs exceed the
         difference of total sales proceeds from Crude Oil produced and
         saved hereunder minus First Tranche Petroleum under Section
         6.3.1 and Investment Credit under Section 6.1.7, Contractors
         shall be relieved from this supply obligation for such Year.

      (q)  The price at which such Crude Oil shall be delivered and sold
           under Section 5.1.2(p) shall be 20 US cents per Barrel f.o.b.
           point of export with respect to Crude Oil from fields
           commencing production prior to February 23, 1989, and ten
           percent (10%) of the price determined under Section 6.1.2 with
           respect to Crude Oil from fields commencing production from
           and after such date.  Contractors shall not be obligated to
           transport such Crude Oil beyond the point of export, but upon
           request Contractors shall assist in arranging transportation
           and such assistance shall be without cost or risk to
           Contractors.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for a period of
           five (5) consecutive years (meaning sixty (60) consecutive
           months) starting the month of the first delivery of Crude Oil
           produced and saved from each new field in the Contract Area,
           the fee per Barrel for the quantity of Crude Oil supplied to
           the domestic market from each such new field shall be equal
           to the price determined in accordance with Section VI for
           Crude Oil from such field taken for the recovery of Operating
           Costs.  The proceeds in excess of the aforesaid 20 US cents
           per Barrel or ten percent (10%) of the price under Section
           6.1.2, whichever is applicable, shall preferably be used to
           assist financing of continued exploration efforts by
           Contractors in the Contract Area or in other areas of the
           Republic of Indonesia if such opportunity exists.  In case no
           such opportunity can be demonstrated to exist in accordance
           with good oil field practice, Contractors shall be free to use
           such proceeds at their own discretion.

      (r)  Give preference to such goods and services which are produced
           in Indonesia or rendered by Indonesian nationals, provided
           such goods and services are offered at equally advantageous
           conditions with regard to quality, price, availability at the
           time and in the quantities required.

      (s)  Each Contractor shall pay its Corporate Income Tax imposed by
           the Government of the Republic of Indonesia pursuant to the
           Corporation Tax Ordinance (1925), as amended, and to the
           Interest, Dividends and Royalty Tax Law No. 12 (1959), as
           amended, and Contractors shall comply with the laws and
           regulations relating to the filing of returns, the payment of
           tax and estimated taxes.

5.1.3 Pertamina shall:

      (a)  Have and be responsible for the management of the operations
           contemplated hereunder; however, Pertamina shall assist and
           consult with Contractors with a view to the fact that
           Contractors are responsible for the Work Program.

      (b)  Except with respect to the obligation of each Contractor to
           pay its Indonesian Corporate Income Tax and the Tax on
           Interest, Dividends and Royalty as provided in Section
           5.1.2(s), assume and discharge all other Indonesian taxes of
           Contractors, including value added taxes, transfer taxes,
           import and export duties on materials, equipment and supplies
           brought into or taken out of Indonesia by Contractors, their
           contractors or subcontractors, and exactions in respect of
           property, capital, net worth, operations, remittances or
           transactions including any tax or levy on or in connection
           with operations performed hereunder by Contractors.  Pertamina
           shall not be obliged to pay the Indonesian Corporate Income
           Tax or the tax on Interest, Dividends and Royalty of
           Contractors, nor taxes on tobaccos, liquor and personnel
           income tax, nor income tax or other taxes not listed above of
           contractors and subcontractors.  The obligations of Pertamina
           hereunder shall be deemed to have been complied with by the
           delivery to Contractors, within one hundred and twenty (120)
           days after the end of each Calendar Year, of documentary proof
           in accordance with the Indonesian fiscal laws that liability
           for the above-mentioned taxes has been satisfied, except that
           with respect to any of such liabilities which Contractors may
           be obliged to pay directly, Pertamina shall reimburse
           Contractors only out of its share of production hereunder
           within sixty (60) days after receipt of invoice therefor. 
           Pertamina should be consulted prior to payment of such taxes
           by Contractors or by any other party on Contractors' behalf.

      (c)  Otherwise assist and expedite Contractors' execution of the
           Work Program by providing facilities, supplies and personnel,
           including but not limited to supplying or otherwise making
           available all necessary visas, work permits, transportation,
           security protection and rights of way and easements as may be
           requested by Contractors and made available from the resources
           under Pertamina's control.  In the event such facilities,
           supplies or personnel are not readily available, then
           Pertamina shall promptly secure the use of such facilities,
           supplies and personnel from alternative sources.  Expenses
           thus incurred by Pertamina at Contractors' request shall be
           reimbursed to Pertamina by Contractors and included in the
           Operating Costs.  Such reimbursements will be made in United
           States Dollars computed at the rate of exchange extended by
           the Indonesian Government to Petroleum companies at the time
           of conversion.  Contractors shall advance to Pertamina before
           the beginning of each annual Work Program a minimum amount of
           Seventy-five Thousand US Dollars (US $75,000) for the purpose
           of enabling Pertamina to meet rupiah expenditures incurred
           pursuant to this Section 5.1.3(c).  If at any time during the
           annual Work Program period the minimum amount advanced under
           this Section 5.1.3(c) has been fully expended, separate
           additional advance payments as may be necessary to provide for
           rupiah expenses estimated to be incurred by Pertamina during
           the balance of such annual Work Program period will be made. 
           If any amount advanced hereunder is not expended by Pertamina
           by the end of an annual Work Program period, such unexpended
           amount shall be credited against the minimum amount to be
           advanced pursuant to this Section 5.1.3(c) for the succeeding
           annual Work Program period.

      (d)  Ensure that at all times during the term hereof sufficient
           rupiah funds shall be available to cover the rupiah
           expenditures necessary for the execution of the Work Program.

      (e)  Have title to all original data resulting from Petroleum
           Operations, including but not limited to geological,
           geophysical, petrophysical, engineering, well logs and
           completion, status reports and any other data as Contractors
           may compile during the term hereof; provided, however, that
           all such data shall not be disclosed to third parties without
           informing Contractors and giving Contractors the opportunity
           to discuss the disclosure of such data if Contractors so
           desire, and further provided that Contractors may retain
           copies of such data.

      (f)  To the extent that it does not interfere with Contractors'
           performance of the Petroleum Operations, use the equipment
           which becomes its property by virtue of this Contract solely
           for the Petroleum Operations envisaged under this Contract;
           and if Pertamina wishes to use such equipment for any
           alternative purpose, then Pertamina shall first consult
           Contractors.


SECTION VI

RECOVERY OF INVESTMENT CREDIT AND OPERATING

COSTS AND HANDLING OF PRODUCTION


6.1   CRUDE OIL

         6.1.1     Contractors are authorized by Pertamina and obligated
to market all Crude Oil produced and saved from the Contract Area
subject to the provisions hereinafter set forth.

         6.1.2     Contractors will recover all Operating Costs out of the
sales proceeds or other disposition of the required quantity of
Crude Oil equal in value to such Operating Costs which is produced
and saved hereunder and not used in Petroleum Operations.  Except
as provided in Sections 7.1.1(d) and (e), Contractors shall be
entitled to take and receive and freely export such Crude Oil.  For
purposes of determining the quantity of Crude Oil delivered to 
Contractors required to recover said Operating Costs, the weighted
average price of all Crude Oil produced and sold from the Contract
Area during the Calendar Year will be used, excluding, however,
deliveries made pursuant to Section 5.1.2(p).  If, in any Calendar
Year, the Operating Costs recoverable exceed the value of the Crude
Oil produced and saved hereunder and not used in Petroleum
Operations, then the unrecovered excess shall be recovered in
succeeding Years.

         6.1.3     Of the Crude Oil remaining after deducting Operating
Costs:

           (a)     For Crude Oil production as a result of tertiary
                   recovery EOR projects, the Parties shall be entitled to
                   take and receive each Year, respectively, 54.5455% for
                   Pertamina and 45.4545% for Contractors.  Tertiary
                   recovery EOR production represents a separate segment
                   from the others.

           (b)     For Crude Oil production from pre-Tertiary reservoir
                   rocks, the Parties shall be entitled to take and
                   receive each Year as follows:

                   (i)         Pertamina 54.5455% and Contractors 45.4545%
                               for the segment of 0 to 50,000 Barrels daily
                               average of all of such pre-Tertiary production
                               of the Contract Area for the Year;

                   (ii)        Pertamina 65.9091% and Contractors 34.0909%
                               for the segment of 50,001 Barrels to 150,000
                               Barrels daily average of all of such
                               pre-Tertiary production of the Contract Area
                               for the Year; and

                   (iii)       Pertamina 77.2727% and Contractors 22.7273%
                               for the segment of 150,001 Barrels daily
                               average of all of such pre-Tertiary production
                               of the Contract Area for the Year and more.

             Pre-Tertiary reservoir rocks mean petroleum reservoir
             rocks deposited or formed in pre-Tertiary times.

           (c)     For Crude Oil production of the Contract Area other
                   than those under Sections 6.1.3(a) and (b) above, each
                   year Pertamina shall be entitled to take and receive
                   65.9091% and Contractors shall be entitled to take and
                   receive 34.0909%.  Crude Oil under this Section
                   6.1.3(c) represents a separate segment from the others.

The deduction of Operating Costs before the entitlements are taken
by each respective Party as provided under this Section 6.1.3 shall
be subject to the following proration method:  for each Year, the
recoverable Operating Costs shall be apportioned for deduction from
the production of each of the segments as hereinabove defined at
the same ratios as the production from each such segment over the
total production of such Year.

         6.1.4     Title to Contractors' portion of Crude Oil under
Sections 6.1.3, 6.1.7 and 6.3.1, as well as to such portion of
Crude Oil exported and sold to recover Operating Costs and
Investment Credit, shall pass to Contractors at the point of export
or, in the case of Crude Oil delivered to Pertamina pursuant to
Section 5.1.2(p) or otherwise, at the point of delivery.

         6.1.5     Contractors will use their best reasonable efforts to
market the Crude Oil to the extent markets are available.  Each
Party shall be entitled to take and receive its respective portion
in kind.

         6.1.6     If Pertamina elects to take any part of its portion of
Crude Oil in kind, it shall so advise Contractors in writing not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the commencement of each
semester of each Calendar Year specifying the quantity which it
elects to take in kind, such notice to be effective for the ensuing
semester of such Calendar Year (provided, however, that such
election shall not interfere with the proper performance of any
Crude Oil sales agreement for Petroleum produced within the
Contract Area which a Contractor has executed prior to the notice
of such election).  Failure to give such notice shall be
conclusively deemed to evidence the election not to take in kind. 
Any sale of Pertamina's portion of Crude Oil shall not be for a
term of more than one (1) year (meaning twelve (12) consecutive
months) without Pertamina's consent.

         6.1.7     Contractors may recover an investment credit (the
"Investment Credit") amounting to twenty percent (20%) of the
capital investment costs directly required for developing Crude Oil
production facilities (as defined in Article II, paragraph 3(c) of
the Accounting Procedure attached hereto as Exhibit "C") of each
new field out of deduction from gross production before recovering
Operating Costs, commencing in the earliest production Year or
Years before tax deduction (to be paid in advance in such
production Year when taken).  The Investment Credit may be applied
to new secondary recovery and tertiary recovery EOR projects but is
not applicable to "interim production schemes" or further
investments to enhance production and reservoir drainage in excess
of what was contemplated in the original project as approved by
Pertamina.

6.2   NATURAL GAS

         6.2.1     Any Natural Gas produced from the Contract Area, to the
extent not used in Petroleum Operations hereunder, may be flared if
the processing and utilization thereof is not economical.  Such
flaring shall be permitted to the extent that gas is not required
to effectuate the maximum economic recovery of Petroleum by
secondary recovery operations, including repressuring and
recycling.

         6.2.2     Should Pertamina and Contractors consider that the
processing and utilization of Natural Gas is economical and choose
to participate in the processing and utilization thereof, in
addition to that used in secondary recovery  operations, then the
construction and installation of facilities for such processing and
utilization shall be carried out pursuant to an approved Work
Program.  It is hereby agreed that, while it is the intention of
Pertamina and Contractors to enter into further contractual
arrangements to implement the foregoing, all costs and revenues
derived from such processing, utilization and sale of Natural Gas
shall be treated on the basis provided in Section 6.2.3.

         6.2.3     Natural Gas produced during each Year shall be divided
between Pertamina and Contractors in accordance with the following:

           (a)     Contractors will recover Operating Costs out of the
                   sales proceeds or other disposition of the required
                   quantity of Natural Gas equal in value to such
                   Operating Costs which is produced and saved hereunder
                   and not used in Petroleum Operations.  Contractors
                   shall be entitled to take and receive and freely export
                   such Natural Gas.  If, in any Calendar Year, the
                   Operating Costs exceed the value of the Natural Gas
                   produced and saved hereunder and not used in Petroleum
                   Operations, then the unrecovered excess shall be
                   recovered in succeeding Years.

           (b)     Of the Natural Gas and propane and butane fractions
                   extracted from Natural Gas but not spiked in Crude Oil
                   remaining after deducting Operating Costs associated
                   with Natural Gas operations as stipulated in Exhibit
                   "C", Pertamina shall be entitled to take and receive
                   20.4545% and Contractors shall be entitled to take and
                   receive 79.5455%.

         6.2.4     In the event Contractors consider that the processing
and utilization of Natural Gas is not economical, then Pertamina
may choose to take and utilize such Natural Gas that would
otherwise be flared, all costs of taking and handling to be for the
sole account and risk of Pertamina.

6.3   FIRST TRANCHE PETROLEUM

         6.3.1     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere
contained in this Contract, the Parties shall be entitled to take
and receive in each Year twenty percent (20%) of all Petroleum
produced and saved in such Year ("First Tranche Petroleum") before
any allocation of Crude Oil or Natural Gas to Contractors for the
recovery of Investment Credit and Operating Costs as provided in
this Section VI.  Such First Tranche Petroleum comprising Crude Oil
shall be shared between Pertamina and Contractors in accordance
with the sharing splits provided under Section 6.1.3, by
apportioning it, as applicable, to the respective production
segments as therein defined, at the same ratios as the production
from each segment over the total production of the Year.  Such
First Tranche Petroleum comprising Natural Gas shall be shared
between Pertamina and Contractors in accordance with the sharing
split provided under Section 6.2.3(b).


SECTION VII

VALUATION OF CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS

      7.1.1  Crude Oil sold to third parties shall be valued as
follows:

           (a)     All Crude Oil taken by Contractors, including their
                   share and the share for the recovery of Operating
                   Costs, and sold to third parties shall be valued at the
                   net realized price f.o.b. Indonesia received by
                   Contractors for such Crude Oil.

           (b)     All of Pertamina's Crude Oil taken by Contractors and
                   sold to third parties shall be valued at the net
                   realized price f.o.b. Indonesia received by Contractors
                   for such Crude Oil.

           (c)     Pertamina shall be duly advised before the sales
                   referred to in Sections 7.1.1(a) and (b) are made.

           (d)     Subject to any existing Crude Oil sales agreement, if
                   a more favorable net realized price is available to
                   Pertamina for the Crude Oil referred to in Sections
                   7.1.1(a) and (b), except Contractors' share of Crude
                   Oil, then Pertamina shall so advise Contractors in
                   writing not less than ninety (90) days prior to the
                   commencement of the deliveries under Pertamina's
                   proposed sales contract.  Forty-five (45) days prior to
                   the start of such deliveries, Contractors shall notify
                   Pertamina regarding Contractors' intention to meet the
                   more favorable net realized price in relation to the
                   quantity and period of delivery concerned in said
                   proposed sales contract.  In the absence of such notice
                   Pertamina shall market said Crude Oil.

           (e)     Pertamina's marketing of such Crude Oil as referred to
                   in Section 7.1.1(d) shall continue until forty-five
                   (45) days after Pertamina's net realized price on said
                   Crude Oil becomes less favorable.  Contractors'
                   obligation to market said Crude Oil shall not apply
                   until after Pertamina has given Contractors at least
                   forty-five (45) days advance notice of its desire to
                   discontinue such sales.  As long as Pertamina is
                   marketing the Crude Oil referred to above, it shall
                   account to Contractors, on the basis of the more
                   favorable net realized price.

           (f)     Without prejudice to any of the provisions of Section
                   VI and Section VII, Contractors may at their option
                   transfer to Pertamina during any Calendar Year the
                   right to market any Crude Oil which is in excess of
                   Contractors' normal and contractual requirements,
                   provided that the price is not less than the net
                   realized price from the Contract Area.  Pertamina's
                   request stating the quantity and expected loading date
                   must be submitted in writing at least thirty (30) days
                   prior to lifting said Crude Oil.  Such lifting must not
                   interfere with Contractors' scheduled tanker movements. 
                   Pertamina shall account to Contractors in respect of
                   any sale made by it hereunder.

           (g)     Pertamina shall have the option in any Year in which
                   the quantity of Petroleum to which it is entitled
                   pursuant to Sections 6.1.3, 6.2.3 and 6.3.1 hereof is
                   less than 50% of the total production, by ninety (90)
                   days' written notice in advance of that Year, to market
                   for the account of Contractors, at the price provided
                   for in Section VII hereof for the recovery of Operating
                   Costs, a quantity of Petroleum which together with
                   Pertamina's entitlement under Sections 6.1.3, 6.2.3 and
                   6.3.1 equals fifty percent (50%) of the total Petroleum
                   produced and saved from the Contract Area.

         7.1.2     Crude Oil sold to other than third parties shall be
valued as follows:

           (a)     By using the weighted average per unit price received
                   by Contractors and Pertamina from sales to third
                   parties excluding, however, commissions and brokerages
                   paid in relation to such third party sales, during the
                   three (3) months preceding such sale, adjusted as
                   necessary for quality, grade and gravity; and

           (b)     If no such third party sales have been made during such
                   period of time, then on the basis used to value
                   Indonesian Crude Oil of similar quality, grade and
                   gravity and taking into consideration any special
                   circumstances with respect to sales of such Indonesian
                   Crude Oil.

         7.1.3     Third party sales referred to in this Section VII shall
mean sales by Contractors to purchasers independent of Contractors,
that is purchasers with whom (at the time the sale is made)
Contractors have no contractual interest involving directly or
indirectly any joint interest.

         7.1.4     Commissions or brokerages incurred in connection with
sales to third parties, if any, shall not exceed the customary and
prevailing rate.

         7.1.5     Natural Gas sold to third parties shall be valued at
the net realized price received therefor.  With respect to Natural
Gas delivered from the Contract Area in support of Pertamina's
obligations under sales contracts with third parties, the Parties
have agreed in the past, and may agree in the future, that the net
realized price for such Natural Gas shall constitute the amounts
paid by the buyers under such sales contracts, less deductions for
costs of the trades incurred outside of this Contract (e.g., costs
of construction, including financing, and operation of the plant in
which such Natural Gas is processed, transportation costs from such
plant or the Contract Area, as may be applicable, to the point of
delivery of such Natural Gas under the sales contracts and other
costs agreed to by Pertamina and Contractors).

         7.1.6     During each given Calendar Year, the handling of
production (i.e., the implementation of the provisions of Section
VI hereof) and the proceeds thereof shall be provisionally dealt
with on the basis of the relevant Work Program and Budget of
Operating Costs based upon estimates of quantities of Petroleum to
be produced, of internal consumption in Indonesia, of marketing
possibilities, of prices and other sale conditions as well as of
any other relevant factor.  Within thirty (30) days after the end
of such Calendar Year, adjustments and cash settlements between the
Parties shall be made on the basis of the actual quantities,
amounts and prices involved, in order to comply with the provisions
of this Contract.

         7.1.7     In the event Petroleum Operations involve the
segregation of Crude Oils of different quality and/or grade and if
the Parties do not otherwise mutually agree:

           (a)     Any and all provisions of this Contract concerning
                   valuation of Crude Oil shall separately apply to each
                   segregated Crude Oil; and

           (b)     Each Crude Oil produced and segregated in a given Year
                   shall contribute to:

                   (i)      The "required quantity" of Crude Oil to which
                            the Parties are entitled in such Year pursuant
                            to Section 6.3.1;

                   (ii)     The "required quantity" utilized in such Year
                            for the recovery of Investment Credit pursuant
                            to Section 6.1.7;

                   (iii)    The "required quantity" utilized in such Year
                            for the recovery of Operating Costs pursuant
                            to Section 6.1.2 hereof;

                   (iv)     The "required quantity" of Crude Oil to which
                            the Parties are entitled in such Year pursuant
                            to Section 6.1.3 hereof; and

                   (v)      The "required quantity" of Crude Oil which
                            Contractors agree to sell and deliver in such
                            Year for domestic consumption in Indonesia
                            pursuant to Section 5.1.2(p) hereof, out of
                            the share of Crude Oil to which it is entitled
                            pursuant to Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1;

             with quantities, each of which shall bear to the
             respective "required quantity" (referred to in (i)
             through (v) above) the same proportion as the quantity
             of such Crude Oil produced and segregated in such given
             Year bears to the total quantity of Crude Oil produced
             in such Year from the Contract Area.


SECTION VIII

COMPENSATION AND PRODUCTION BONUSES

         8.1.1     As consideration for Pertamina to enter into this
Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing Contract Contractors
shall pay to Pertamina the following bonuses:

           (a)     A signature bonus of US $10,000,000 shall be due thirty
                   (30) days after the date of execution hereof by all
                   parties.

           (b)     A production bonus of US $5,000,000 shall be due thirty
                   (30) days following the end of the month in which
                   cumulative production of Crude Oil from the Contract
                   Area (or, in the case of production from unitized
                   areas, deemed by the applicable unit agreement to be
                   from the Contract Area) first exceeds 185,000,000
                   Barrels.

         8.1.2     The bonuses provided for in Section 8.1.1 shall be
borne solely by Contractors and shall not be included in or
recoverable as Operating Costs.  It is acknowledged that (a) the
amounts of such bonus payments have been determined based on the
tax laws specified in Section 5.1.2(s), and (b) for Indonesian tax
purposes each such bonus payment shall be deductible from
Contractors' taxable income in respect of the Calendar Year in
which payment is made.


SECTION IX

PAYMENTS AND CURRENCY

      9.1.1  All payments which this Contract obligates Contractors
to make to Pertamina or the Government of the Republic of Indonesia 
shall be made in United States Dollars at a bank to be designated
by each of them and agreed upon by Bank Indonesia or, at
Contractors' election, other currencies acceptable to them, except
that Contractors may make such payments in Indonesian Rupiahs to
the extent that such currency is realized as a result of the sale
of Crude Oil, Natural Gas or Petroleum products, if any.  

         9.1.2     All payments due to a Contractor shall be made in
United States Dollars, or, at Pertamina's election, other
currencies acceptable to such Contractor, at a bank to be
designated by such Contractor.

         9.1.3     Any payments required to be made pursuant to this
Contract shall be made within thirty (30) days following the end of
the month in which the obligation to make such payments occurs.


SECTION X

TITLE TO EQUIPMENT

         10.1.1    Equipment purchased by Contractors pursuant to the
Work Program shall become the property of Pertamina (in case of
import, when landed at the Indonesian port of import) and will be
used in Petroleum Operations hereunder.

         10.1.2    The provisions of Section 10.1.1 shall not apply to
leased equipment belonging to third parties who perform services as
a contractor.  Any such leased equipment belonging to foreign third
parties may be freely exported from Indonesia.


SECTION XI

CONSULTATION AND ARBITRATION

         11.1.1    Periodically, Pertamina and Contractors shall meet to
discuss the conduct of the Petroleum Operations envisaged under
this Contract and will make every effort to settle amicably any
problem arising therefrom.

         11.1.2    Disputes, if any, arising between Pertamina and
Contractors relating to this Contract or the interpretation and
performance of any of the clauses of this Contract, and which
cannot be settled amicably, shall be submitted to the decision of
arbitration.  Pertamina on the one hand and Contractors on the
other hand shall each appoint one (1) arbitrator and so advise the
other Party, and these two (2) arbitrators will appoint a third. 
If either Party fails to appoint an arbitrator within thirty (30)
days after receipt of a written request to do so, such arbitrator
shall, at the request of the other Party, if the Parties do not
otherwise agree, be appointed by the President of the International
Chamber of Commerce.  If the first two (2) arbitrators appointed as
aforesaid fail to agree on a third within thirty (30) days
following the appointment of the second arbitrator, the third
arbitrator shall, if the Parties do not otherwise agree, be
appointed, at the request of either Party, by the President of the
International Chamber of Commerce.  If an arbitrator fails or is
unable to act, his successor will be appointed in the same manner
as the arbitrator whom he succeeds.

         11.1.3    The decision of a majority of the arbitrators shall
be final and binding upon the Parties.

         11.1.4    In the event the arbitrators are unable to reach a
decision, the dispute shall be referred to Indonesian Court of Law
for settlement.

         11.1.5    Any arbitration proceedings hereunder shall be held
at such place as the parties may agree, but absent agreement shall
be held at Geneva, Switzerland.  Except as provided in this
Section, arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
rules of arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.


SECTION XII

EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING OF INDONESIAN PERSONNEL


         12.1.1    Contractors agree to employ qualified Indonesian
personnel in their operations and, after commercial production
commences, will undertake the schooling and training of Indonesian
personnel for labor and staff positions, including administrative
and executive management positions.  At such time Contractors shall
also consider with Pertamina a program of assistance for training
Pertamina's personnel.

         12.1.2    Costs and expenses of training Indonesian personnel
for employment by Contractors shall be included in Operating Costs. 
Costs and expenses for a program of training for Pertamina's
personnel shall be borne on a basis to be agreed by Pertamina and
Contractors.


SECTION XIII

TERMINATION


         13.1.1    At any time, if in the opinion of Contractors
circumstances do not warrant continuation of the Petroleum
Operations, Contractors may by giving written notice to such effect
to Pertamina and after consultation with Pertamina relinquish their
rights and be relieved of their obligations pursuant to this
Contract, except such rights and obligations as relate to the
period prior to such relinquishment.

         13.1.2    Either Party shall be entitled to terminate this
Contract in its entirety by ninety (90) days' written notice if a
major breach of contract is committed by the other Party, provided
that conclusive evidence thereof is proved by arbitration or a
final court decision as stipulated in Section XI.


SECTION XIV

BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS AND AUDITS


14.1  BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS

         14.1.1    Subject to the requirements of Section 5.1.2(s),
Pertamina shall be responsible for keeping complete books and
accounts with the assistance of Contractors reflecting all
Operating Costs as well as monies received from the sale of Crude
Oil and Natural Gas, consistent with modern petroleum industry
practices and proceedings as described in Exhibit "C" attached
hereto.  Should there be any inconsistency between the provisions
of this Contract and the provisions of Exhibit "C", then the
provisions of Section 6.1.2 of this Contract shall prevail.  Until
such time that commercial production commences, however, Pertamina
delegates to Contractors its obligations to keep books and
accounts.

14.2  AUDITS

         14.2.1    Contractors shall have the right to inspect and audit
Pertamina's books and accounts relating to this Contract for any
Calendar Year within the one (1) year period following the end of
such Calendar Year.  Any such audit will be satisfied within twelve
(12) months after its commencement.  Any exception must be made in
writing within sixty (60) days following the end of such audit, and
failure to give such written exception within such time shall
establish the correctness of Pertamina's books and accounts.

         14.2.2    Pertamina and the Government of the Republic of
Indonesia shall have the right to inspect and audit Contractors'
books and accounts relating to this Contract for any Calendar Year
covered by this Contract.  Any such audit will be satisfied within
twelve (12) months after its commencement.  Any exception must be
made in writing within sixty (60) days following the completion of
such audit.  In addition, Pertamina and the Government of the
Republic of Indonesia may require Contractors to engage their
independent accountants to examine, in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards, Contractors' books and accounts
relating to this Contract for any Calendar Year or perform such
auditing procedures as deemed appropriate by Pertamina.  A copy of
the independent accountant's report of any exceptions shall be
forwarded to Pertamina within sixty (60) days following the
completion of such audit.


SECTION XV

OTHER PROVISIONS


15.1  NOTICES

         15.1.1    Any notices required or given by either Party to the
other shall be deemed to have been delivered when a properly
acknowledged receipt has been obtained from the receiving Party. 
All such notices shall be addressed as follows:

             If to Pertamina:

             PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
             DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
             (PERTAMINA)
             Jalan Merdeka Timur 1-A
             Jakarta, Indonesia

             If to Contractors:

             ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
             Jl. H. Rasuna Said
             Kuningan Plaza, P.O. Box 2828
             Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia

The Parties may substitute or change such addresses on written
notice thereof.

15.2  LAWS AND REGULATIONS

         15.2.1    The laws of the Republic of Indonesia shall apply to
this Contract.

         15.2.2    No term or provision of this Contract shall prevent
or limit the Government of the Republic of Indonesia from
exercising its inalienable rights.

15.3  SUSPENSION OF OBLIGATION

         15.3.1    Any failure or delay on the part of Pertamina or
Contractors, or any of them, in the performance of their
obligations or duties under this Contract shall be excused if and
to the extent attributable to Force Majeure.

         15.3.2    If operations are delayed, curtailed or prevented by
such causes, then the time for carrying out the obligations thereby
affected, the term of this Contract and all rights and obligations
hereunder shall be extended for a period equal to the period thus
involved.

         15.3.3    The Party whose ability to perform its obligations is
so affected shall notify the other Party thereof in writing,
stating the cause, and both Pertamina and Contractors shall do all
reasonably within their power to remove such cause; provided, that
nothing herein contained shall require Pertamina or Contractors, or
any of them, to accede to the demands of labor unions or their
respective employees which either, as the case may be, considers
unreasonable.

15.4  PROCESSING OF PRODUCTS

         15.4.1    Contractors shall be willing to consider entering
into another contract or loan agreement for the processing of
products derived from the Petroleum Operations hereunder, on
mutually agreeable terms.

         15.4.2    Within the framework of the preceding principle,
Contractors would agree on the conditions stated below to have
refined in Indonesia 28.57% of the share of Crude Oil to which they
are entitled pursuant to Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1, and should no
refining capacity be available therefor, to set up a corresponding
refining capacity for that purpose.  The conditions above referred
to are that:

           (a)     Pertamina has first requested Contractors thereto;

           (b)     Contractors' share of Crude Oil pursuant to Sections
                   6.1.3 and 6.3.1 hereof be not less than 175,000 Barrels
                   per day; and

           (c)     If refining capacity has to be erected, that the
                   setting up and use of such refining capacity be
                   economical in the judgment of the Parties.

         15.4.3    It is further agreed that Contractors may in lieu of
setting up such refining capacity, but subject to the same
conditions, make an equivalent investment in another project
related to the Petroleum or petrochemical industries.

         15.4.4    Petroleum to be delivered to such facilities would be
sold by Contractors at the net realized prices f.o.b. Indonesia
received by Contractors established pursuant to Section VII hereof
or at another mutually agreed price.


SECTION XVI

 EFFECTIVENESS

 
         16.1.1    This Contract shall come into effect on the Effective
Date.

         16.1.2    This Contract shall not be annulled, amended or
modified in any respect except by the mutual consent in writing of
the Parties.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA AND CONTRACTORS have executed
this Contract, in quadruplicate and in the English language, as of
the day and year first above written.


PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN              ROY M. HUFFINGTON INC.
 MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
 (PERTAMINA)


By:                                           By:                     



VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY       VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY





By:             /s/                      By:       /s/              
                                         

ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED           UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                         LIMITED


By:            /s/                       By:       /s/          

UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.         HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



By:                                      By:                     



         APPROVED by the Minister of Mines and Energy this       day
of                1990, on behalf of the Government of the Republic
of Indonesia.



                                                     /s/           
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT "A"
                                     
[To be provided]

<PAGE>
EXHIBIT "B"

     Attached to and made an integral part of the Contract between
Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and
Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company, Virginia
Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Huffington
Corporation ("Contractors").

1.   CONTRACT AREA

     1.1 The "Contract Area", as defined in Section 1.2 of the
Contract to which this Exhibit "B" is attached, means the area
outlined on Exhibit "A" to such Contract, which area is more
particularly described as follows:

     Using the Greenwich Coordinate system, starting at point
     "A", located at the intersection of the coastline at
     high tide and coincidental with the Equator, proceed
     Southwest following the coastline at high tide to point
     "B", located at the intersection of the coastline at
     high tide and 01o30'00" South latitude;

     Thence, due West in a direct line coincidental with
     01o30'00" South latitude to point "C", located at
     116o21'16" East longitude and 01o30'00" South latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "D",
     located at 116o30'04" East longitude and 01o21'15" South
     latitude;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincidental with
     01o21'15" South latitude to point "E", located at
     116o32'30" East longitude and 01o21'15" South latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "F",
     located at 116o39'14" East longitude and 01o13'38" South
     latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "G",
     located at 116o48'53" East longitude and 00o54'05" South
     latitude;

     Thence, Northwesterly in a direct line to point "H",
     located at 116o42'47" East longitude and 00o35'53" South
     latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "I",
     located at 116o45'44" East longitude and 00o30'00" South
     latitude;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
     00o30'00" South latitude to point "J", located at
     116o51'13" East longitude and 00o30'00" South latitude;

     Thence, Southeasterly in a direct line to point "K",
     located at 116o53'49" East longitude and 00o36'00" South
     latitude;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
     00o36'00" South latitude to point "L", located at
     117o03'37" East longitude and 00o36'00" South latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "M",
     located at 117o04'42" East longitude and 00o30'51" South
     latitude;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
     00o30'51" South latitude to point "N", located at
     117o09'13" East longitude and 00o30'51" South latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "O",
     located at 117o10'53" East longitude and 00o21'49" South
     latitude;

     Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "P",
     located at 117o17'00" East longitude and 00o04'20" South
     latitude;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
     00o04'20" South latitude to point "Q", located at
     117o20'00" East longitude and 00o04'20" South latitude;

     Thence, due North in a direct line coincident with
     117o20'00" East longitude to point "R", located at
     117o20'00" East longitude and the equator;

     Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with the
     equator to point "A", the point of beginning.

     1.2 It is understood and agreed that within the Contract Area
where Pertamina had, prior to August 8, 1968, drilled, discovered
and established Natural Gas or other Petroleum reserves in fields
operated by it, Contractors shall have no interest in any of the
then known productive zones in these fields, and the same shall not
be part of the Contract Area.  Such fields, including the depths of
such known productive zones, are described in Section 2 of this
Exhibit "B".  Conversely, where Pertamina outside such fields had
no producing or shut-in reserves as of August 8, 1968 and where
Contractors may discover Natural Gas or other Petroleum,
Contractors shall be entitled to their share of such production at
any and all depths.

     1.3 It is the intention and desire of both Parties to this
Contract to have Contractors also drill deep tests on selected
producing structures, and, where Contractors establish production
in deeper zones than those that were productive as of August 8,
1968, Contractors shall share in this new production in accordance
with the terms of this Contract.  However, prior to drilling deeper
tests on such known producing structures, where Pertamina and
Contractors shall jointly decide it is desirable, Pertamina and
Contractors shall determine the depth of the lowest producing zone
in the field, and any new production discovered in formations or
beds below such lowest zone shall be jointly shared by Pertamina
and Contractors in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

2.   EXCLUDED AREAS

     The shallow producing fields as of August 8, 1968 reserved by
Pertamina in Section 1.2 of this Exhibit "B" are described by the
longitudinal and latitudinal coordinates of the corners of their
respective boundaries, with the depths reserved expressed in feet,
below.  Except as otherwise noted, the boundary lines of such
fields are straight lines running from point to point.

     Field          Point       Longitude        Latitude 

1.   Klandasan-       A         116o43'24"       01o15'45"
     Wailawi          B         116o46'22"       01o15'45"
        C           116o57'22"  01o10'25"
        D           116o57'22"  01o14'15"
        E           116o50'02"  01o16'25"
        F           116o46'02"  01o16'25"
        G           116o45'42"  01o21'10"
        H           116o43'24"  01o21'10"

The boundaries of the Klandasan-Wailawi fields between points D and
E and between points F and G follow the coast line at high tide of
the island of Kalimantan.  The depth reserved for the Klandasan-
Wailawi field is 1,772 feet.

2.   Samboja/Jembatan  A        117o01'32"       00o59'30"
     Bengkok          B         117o02'32"       00o59'55"
        C           117o01'52"  01o00'40"
        D           117o01'52"  01o03'35"
        E           117o00'32"  01o03'35"
        F           117o00'32"  01o00'15"

The depths reserved for the Samboja/Jembatan Bengkok field are,
with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points A, B, C and F (Jembatan Bengkok), 1,627 feet;
and, with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points F, C, D and E (Samboja), 5,611 feet.

3.   Sanga-Sanga      A         117o17'17"       00o26'55"
        B           117o19'22"  00o26'55"
        C           117o19'22"  00o32'20"
        D           117o18'32"  00o33'55"
        E           117o18'12"  00o34'40"
        F           117o17'27"  00o36'05"
        G           117o17'17"  00o36'30"
        H           117o13'52"  00o43'10"
        I           117o12'12"  00o42'25"
        J           117o14'57"  00o36'55"
        K           117o15'52"  00o34'55"
        L           117o16'52"  00o32'55"
        M           117o17'32"  00o31'35"

The depths reserved for the Sanga-Sanga field are, with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
A, B, C and M (North Kutai Lama), 6,240 feet; with respect to the
portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points M, C,
D and L (South Kutai Lama), 3,770 feet; with respect to the portion
bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points L, D, E and
K (Anggana), 3,803; with respect to the portion bounded by lines
whose corners are situated at points K, E and F (Tanjung Una),
2,943 feet; with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose
corners are situated at points K, F, G and K (Muara), 4,003 feet;
and with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points J, G, H and I (Louise), 4,807 feet.

4.   Sei Nangka       A         117o06'17"       00o43'10"
        B           117o08'57"  00o43'10"
        C           117o05'47"  00o50'50"
        D           117o03'07"  00o50'50"

The depth reserved for the Sei Nangka field is 1,503 feet.

5.   Sambutan         A         117o11'17"       00o30'10"
        B           117o12'12"  00o30'10"
        C           117o12'02"  00o32'20"
        D           117o11'17"  00o32'20"

The depth reserved for the Sambutan field is 4,062 feet.

6.   Binangat-Pelarang  A       117o13'57"       00o24'50"
        B           117o14'52"  00o24'50"
        C           117o14'1.69"                 00o27'0.4"
        D           117o13'02"  00o29'25"
        E           117o12'12"  00o29'25"
        F           117o13'07"  00o27'0.4"

The depths reserved for the Binangat-Pelarang fields are, with
respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated
at points A, B, C and F (Binangat), 2,238 feet; and with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
F, C, D and E, 2,159 feet.

7.   Ulu Karang       A         117o15'47"       00o22'15"
     Mumus-Bivak      B         117o16'42"       00o22'15"
        C           117o16'28.47"                00o23'15.40"
        D           117o15'52"  00o24'30"
        E           117o14'57"  00o24'30"
        F           117o15'27.54"                00o23'15.40"

The depths reserved for the Ulu Karang Mumus-Bivak fields are, with
respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated
at points A, B, C and F (Bivak), 1,962 feet; and with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
F, C, D and E (Ulu Karang Mumus), 1,972 feet.

8.   Semberah         A         117o18'12"       00o16'05"
        B           117o19'02"  00o16'05"
        C           117o18'32"  00o17'25"
        D           117o18'42"  00o17'25"
        E           117o18'42"  00o18'25"
        F           117o18'04"  00o18'25"
        G           117o17'17"  00o20'35"
        H           117o16'32"  00o20'35"

The depth reserved for the Semberah field is 3,973 feet.

3.   SECONDARY RECOVERY OPERATIONS

     3.1 Contractors will be willing to consider secondary
recovery operations in previously abandoned fields or essentially
depleted fields where Pertamina may consider it feasible and
desirable, and in such instances these areas shall be considered to
be part of the Contract Area.
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT "C"


     Attached to and made an integral part of the Contract between
Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara ("Pertamina")
and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and
Huffington Corporation ("Contractors").


ACCOUNTING PROCEDURE


Article I
General Provision

1.   Definitions

     The accounting procedure herein provided for is to be followed
and observed in the performance of either Party's obligations under
the Contract to which this Exhibit "C" is attached.  The
definitions and terms appearing in this Exhibit "C" shall have the
same meaning as those defined in said Contract.

2.   Accounts and Statements

     Pertamina's and Contractors', as the case may be, accounting
records and books will be kept in accordance with generally
accepted and recognized accounting systems, consistent with modern
petroleum industry practices and procedures.  Books and reports
will be maintained and prepared in accordance with methods
established by Pertamina.  The chart of accounts and related
account definitions will be prescribed by Pertamina.  Reports will
be organized for the use of Pertamina in carrying out its
management responsibilities under this Contract.

Article II
Operating Costs

     The Parties, as the case may be, shall maintain an "Operating
Costs Account" in which there shall be reflected all Operating
Costs in connection with Petroleum Operations carried out under
this Contract.

1.   Definition

     For any Year in which commercial production occurs, Operating
Costs consist of (a) current Year's non-capital costs, (b) current
Year's depreciation for capital costs, and (c) current Year's
allowed recovery of prior year's unrecovered Operating Costs.

2.   Non-Capital Costs

     Non-capital costs means those Operating Costs incurred that
relate to the current Year's operations.  In addition to costs
relating only to current operations, the costs of surveys and the
intangible costs of drilling exploratory and development wells as
described in paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below, will be classified
as non-capital costs.  Non-capital costs include, but are not
limited to, the following:

     (a) Operations - Labor, materials and services used in day to
         day oil well operations, oil field production facilities
         operations, secondary recovery operations, storage,
         handling, transportation and delivery operations, gas
         well operations, gas field production facilities
         operations, gas transportation, and delivery operations,
         gas processing auxiliaries and utilities, and other
         operating activities, including repairs and maintenance.

     (b) Office, Services and General Administration - General
         services including technical and related services,
         material services, transportation, rental of specialized
         and heavy engineering equipment, site rentals and other
         rentals of services and property, personnel expenses,
         public relations, and other expenses abroad.

     (c) Production Drilling - Labor, materials, supplies and
         services used in drilling wells with the object of
         penetrating a proven reservoir, including the drilling of
         delineation wells as well as redrilling, deepening or
         recompleting wells, and access roads leading directly to
         wells.

     (d) Exploratory Drilling - Labor, materials, supplies and
         services used in the drilling of wells with the object of
         finding unproven reservoirs of Crude Oil and Natural Gas,
         and access roads leading directly to wells.

     (e) Surveys - Labor, materials, supplies and services used in
         aerial, geological, topographical, geophysical and
         seismic surveys, and core hole drilling.

     (f) Other Exploration Expenditures - Auxiliary or temporary
         facilities having lives of one year or less used in
         exploration and purchased geological and geophysical
         information.

3.   Capital Costs

     Capital Costs means expenditures made for items which normally
have a useful life beyond the Year incurred.  A reasonable annual
allowance for depreciation of capital costs, computed as described
in Article III, Section 1, will be allowed as a recoverable
Operating Cost for the current Year.  Capital costs include
classification described herein but are not limited to the
following specifications:

     (a) Construction Costs of Utilities and Auxiliaries - Work
         shops, power and water facilities, warehouse and field
         roads except the access roads mentioned in Paragraphs
         2(c) and 2(d) above.

     (b) Construction, Housing and Welfare - Housing, recreational
         facilities and other tangible property incidental to
         construction.

     (c) Production Facilities - Offshore platforms (including the
         costs of labor, fuel, hauling and supplies for both the
         offsite fabrication and onsite installation of platforms,
         and other construction costs in erecting platforms and
         installing submarine pipelines), wellhead equipment,
         subsurface lifting equipment, production tubing, sucker
         rods, surface pumps, flow lines, gathering equipment,
         delivery lines, storage facilities, oil jetties and
         anchorages, treating plants and equipment, secondary
         recovery systems, gas plants and steam systems.

     (d) Movables - Surface and subsurface drilling and production
         tools, equipment and instruments, barges, floating craft,
         automotive equipment, aircraft, construction equipment,
         furniture and office equipment and miscellaneous
         equipment.

Article III
Accounting Methods To Be Used To
Calculate Recovery of Operating Costs

1.   Depreciation

     Depreciation for each asset will be calculated beginning the
Year in which it is placed into service, with a full Year's
depreciation allowed the initial Year.  The method used to
calculate each Year's allowable recovery of capital costs is the
double declining balance depreciation method.  A switchover to the
straight line method is allowed whenever it becomes advantageous to
the Contractors.  The lives to be used by Group II contractors, as
defined in Subsection 2 of this Article, is as follows:

     Construction utilities and auxiliaries         14 years
     Construction housing and welfare          20 years
     Production facilities                          14 years
     Movables:
      Automobiles and pickups except buses              3 years
      Trucks -light (less than 13,000 pounds 
      and tractor units                                       4        years
      Trucks -heavy (more than 13,000 pounds) 
      and trailers  6 years
      Buses                                         9 years
      Aircraft                                      6 years
      Railroad cars and locomotives           15 years
      Vessels, barges, tugs and similar water 
        transportation equipment              18 years
      Drilling and production tools, equipment
        and instruments                            14 years
      Construction equipment                   6 years
      Furniture and office equipment          10 years

     The lives to be used by Group I contractors, as defined in
Subsection 2 of this Article, are one-half (50%) of the lives
described above.

     If a Contractor is reclassified into Group II, as described
in Subsection 2 of this Article, assets capitalized prior to the
Year of reclassification will continue to depreciate based upon
one-half (50%) of the lives described above.  If a Contractor is
reclassified into Group I, as described in Subsection 2 of this
Article, the undepreciated balance of assets capitalized prior to
the Year of reclassification will be depreciated over the remaining
Group I lives.  The undepreciated balance of assets taken out of
services will not be charged to Operating Costs but will continue
depreciating based upon the lives described above, except where
such assets have been subjected to unanticipated destruction, for
example, by fire or accident.

2.   Group I/Group II Classification

     Contractors shall be classified as either Group I or Group II
with respect to both Crude Oil and Natural Gas depending on the
ratio of the proven reserves to estimated yearly production of the
Contract Area as follows:

     Group I In the case of proven reserves having seven or fewer
             years of remaining production.

     Group II  In the case of proven reserves having more than
               seven years of remaining production.

     A separate calculation shall be made for Crude Oil and Natural
Gas and Contractors may be treated as a Group I Contractors for
Crude Oil and Group II Contractors for Natural Gas or vice versa. 
Contractors shall be considered to be Group I Contractors for all
assets attributable to new oil fields commencing production in 1977
or later.  If Contractors are initially classified as Group I, a
recalculation of the ratio of the proven reserves to estimated
yearly production will be performed when additional proven reserves
have been discovered.  This recalculation may result in a
reclassification of Contractors into Group II.  If Contractors are
initially classified as Group II, a reclassification to Group I
will result if the ratio of the remaining proven reserves to the
estimated production of the immediately succeeding Year is seven or
less.

3.   Overhead Allocation

     General and administrative costs, other than direct charges,
allocable to this operation should be determined by a detailed
study, and the method determined by such a study shall be applied
each Year consistently.  The method selected must be approved by
Pertamina, and such approval can be reviewed periodically by
Pertamina and Contractors.

4.   Interest Recovery

     Interest at rates not exceeding prevailing commercial rates
may be allowed as a recoverable Operating Cost for financing of
capital investments whether such financing is obtained from
Affiliates or the parent companies of Contractors or from third
party Nonaffiliates.  Details of financing plan and amounts must be
included in each Year's budget of Operating Costs and approved by
Pertamina.  For purposes of interest recovery, all other financing
must be approved by Pertamina.

5.   Allocation of Oil and Gas Costs

     Operating Costs directly associated with the production of
Natural Gas will be directly chargeable against Natural Gas
revenues in determining entitlements under Section 6.2.3. 
Operating Costs incurred for production of both Natural Gas and
Crude Oil will be allocated to Natural Gas and Crude Oil based on
the relative value of the products produced for the current Year.

     Common support costs will be allocated on an equitable basis
agreed to by both Parties.

     If after commencement of production the Natural Gas revenues
do not permit full recovery of Natural Gas costs, as outlined
above, then the excess costs shall be recovered from Crude Oil
revenues.

     Likewise, if excess Crude Oil costs (Crude Oil costs less
Crude Oil revenues) exist, this excess can be recovered from
Natural Gas revenues.  If production of either Natural Gas or Crude
Oil has commenced while the other has not, the allocable production
costs and common support costs will be allocated in an equitable
manner.  Propane and Butane fractions extracted from Natural Gas
but not spiked in Crude Oil shall be deemed as Natural Gas for the
purpose of accounting.

6.   Inventory Accounting

     The costs of non-capital items purchased for inventory will
be recoverable at such time as the items have landed in Indonesia.

7.   Order of Priority

     (a) Recovery of Operating Costs in principle takes priority
         over the Investment Credit allowance.  However, the
         Investment Credit to which Contractors become entitled
         in any Year may only be recovered within that Year or
         the next following Calendar Year and the above priority
         rule may be disregarded if necessary to allow full
         recovery of the Investment Credit in those two Years.

     (b) Operating Costs recoverable out of Crude Oil Production
         pursuant to Subsection 6.1.2 of the Contract shall be
         recovered in the following order:

         (i) Amortization of non-capital carryforward provided
             for in Paragraph 2 of Article IV hereof.

         (ii)  Amortization of capital carryforward provided for
               in Paragraph 4 of Article IV hereof.

         (iii) Unrecovered prior Year non-capital costs.

         (iv)  Unrecovered prior Year depreciation of capital
               assets.

         (v) Current Year non-capital costs.

         (VI)  Current Year's depreciation for capital costs. 
               The interest allowance pursuant to Paragraph 4 of
               Article III hereof with respect to current Year's
               capital costs shall be computed as current Year's
               non-capital costs.

     (c) Operating Costs recoverable out of Natural Gas
         Production shall be recovered in the same order of
         priority as Crude Oil listed in (b) above, except that
         the entire Natural Gas Production shall be available for
         cost recovery without deduction of the Investment
         Credit.

8.   Insurance and Claims

     Operating Costs shall include premiums paid for insurance
normally required to be carried for the operations relating to
Contractors' obligations conducted under the Contract, together
with all expenditures incurred and paid in settlement of any and
all losses, claims, damages, judgments and other expenses including
fees relating to Contractors' obligations under the Contract.

<PAGE>
                                 CONTENTS


Section                                                         Page

    I Scope and Definitions                                 2

   II Term                                                  4

  III Exclusion of Areas                                    5

   IV Work Program and Expenditures                         5

    V Rights and Obligations of the Parties                 7

   VI Recovery of Investment Credit and 
      Operating Costs and Handling of Production           11

  VII Valuation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas               15

 VIII Compensation and Production Bonuses                  18

   IX Payments and Currency                                18

    X Title to Equipment                                   19

   XI Consultation and Arbitration                         19

  XII Employment and Training of Indonesian Personnel      20

 XIII Termination                                          20

  XIV Books and Accounts and Audits                        21

   XV Other Provisions                                     22

  XVI Effectiveness                                        23

Exhibit "A":Map of Contract Area                          A-1

Exhibit "B":Description of Contract Area                  B-1

Exhibit "C":Accounting Procedure                          C-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT
<TEXT>








                        PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT


                                  Between



            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA

                                (PERTAMINA)


                                    And



                         ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.,

                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY,

                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY,

                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED,

                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED,

                   UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC., and

                          HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



                Effective as of the 8th day of August 1998
<PAGE>
                                 CONTENTS


Section                                                 Page

  I  Scope and Definitions                                 2

 II  Term                                                  4

III  Exclusion of Areas                                    4

 IV  Work Program and Expenditures                         5

  V  Rights and Obligations of the Parties                 6

 VI  Recovery of Investment Credit and Operating
     Costs and Handling of Production                     10

VII  Valuation of Crude Oil                               14

VIII Compensation and Production Bonuses                  17

 IX  Payments and Currency                                17

  X  Title to Equipment                                   18

 XI  Consultation and Arbitration                         18

XII  Employment and Training of Indonesian Personnel      19

XIII Termination                                          19

XIV  Books and Accounts and Audits                        19

 XV  Other Provisions                                     20

XVI  Effectiveness                                        22

Exhibit "A":  Map of Contract Area                       A-1

Exhibit "B":  Description of Contract Area               B-1

Exhibit "C":  Accounting Procedure                       C-1
<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS



SCOPE AND DEFINITIONS                                                 - 2 -

TERM                                                                  - 5 -

EXCLUSION OF AREAS                                                    - 5 -

WORK PROGRAM AND EXPENDITURES                                         - 6 -

RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES                                 - 6 -

RECOVERY OF INVESTMENT CREDIT AND OPERATING

                     COSTS AND HANDLING OF PRODUCTION                - 11 -

VALUATION OF CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS                               - 15 -

COMPENSATION AND PRODUCTION BONUSES                                  - 18 -

PAYMENTS AND CURRENCY                                                - 19 -

TITLE TO EQUIPMENT                                                   - 19 -

CONSULTATION AND ARBITRATION                                         - 20 -

EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING OF INDONESIAN PERSONNEL                      - 20 -

TERMINATION                                                          - 21 -

BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS AND AUDITS                                        - 21 -

OTHER PROVISIONS                                                     - 22 -

EFFECTIVENESS                                                        - 24 -
<PAGE>
                        PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT


    THIS PRODUCTION SHARING CONTRACT (this "Contract"), is made
and entered into in Jakarta, Indonesia, on this       day of      
               , 1990, to become effective as of August 8, 1998, by
and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA, a
State Enterprise, established on the basis of Law No. 8/1971
("Pertamina"), party of the first part, and ROY M. HUFFINGTON,
INC., a Delaware, USA corporation ("Huffco"), VIRGINIA
INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, a Delaware, USA corporation ("Virginia"),
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, a Nevada, USA corporation, ULTRAMAR
INDONESIA LIMITED, a Bermuda corporation, UNION TEXAS EAST
KALIMANTAN LIMITED, a Bahamian corporation, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL
COMPANY, INC., a Liberian corporation, and HUFFINGTON CORPORATION,
a Delaware, USA corporation (all of which are referred to herein
collectively as "Contractors", and each separately as
"Contractor"), parties of the second part (Pertamina and each
Contractor being referred to herein either individually as a
"Party" or collectively as the "Parties");

                                WITNESSETH:

    WHEREAS, P.N. Perusahaan Minyak Nasional ("Permina"),
predecessor to Pertamina, entered into a Production Sharing
Contract dated August 8, 1968 with Huffco and Virginia covering
certain lands in East Kalimantan and South Sumatra, Indonesia,
including the Contract Area, which Production Sharing Contract, has
been amended and restated in its entirety by an Amended and
Restated Production Sharing Contract dated as of the date of
execution of this Contract between Pertamina and Contractors  (such
Production Sharing Contract, as so amended and restated, being
herein called the "Predecessor Production Sharing Contract"); and

    WHEREAS, all of the interest of Huffco and Virginia in the
Predecessor Production Sharing Contract is now held by Contractors;
and

    WHEREAS, the Predecessor Production Sharing Contract will
expire by its terms at midnight on August 7, 1998, and Pertamina
and Contractors desire to enter into this Contract to provide for
the continued exploration and development of the Contract Area from
and after such date; and

    WHEREAS, all mineral oil and gas existing within the statutory
mining territory of the Republic of Indonesia are national riches
controlled by the State; and

    WHEREAS, Pertamina has an exclusive "Authority to Mine" for
Petroleum in and throughout the area outlined on the map which is
Exhibit "A", which area is more particularly described in Exhibit
"B", each of which is  attached hereto and made a part hereof,
which area is herein referred to as the "Contract Area"; and

    WHEREAS, Pertamina wishes to promote the development of the
Contract Area, and Contractors desire to join and assist Pertamina
in accelerating the exploration and development of Petroleum which
has heretofore been discovered, together with potential resources
within the Contract Area; and

    WHEREAS, Contractors have the financial ability, technical
competence and skill necessary to carry out the Petroleum
Operations hereinafter described; and 

    WHEREAS, in accordance with Law No. 44 Prp/1960 and Law No.
8/1971, cooperative agreements in the form of a production sharing
contract may be entered into in the sector of oil and gas between
Pertamina and foreign capital investors;

    NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual
promises, covenants and conditions hereinafter contained, it is
hereby agreed as follows:


SECTION I

SCOPE AND DEFINITIONS


1.1 SCOPE

    This Contract is a production sharing contract.  In accordance
with the provisions herein contained, Pertamina shall have and be
responsible for the management of the operations contemplated
hereunder.  Contractors shall be responsible to Pertamina for the
execution of such operations in accordance with the provisions of
this Contract and are hereby appointed and constituted the
exclusive companies to conduct Petroleum Operations.  Contractors
shall provide all the financial and technical assistance required
for such operations.  Contractors shall carry the risk of Operating
Costs required in carrying out operations and shall therefore have
an economic interest in the development of the Petroleum deposits
in the Contract Area.  Such costs shall be included in Operating
Costs recoverable as provided in Section VI.  Except as may
otherwise be provided in this Contract, in the Accounting Procedure
attached hereto or by written agreement of Pertamina, Contractors
will not incur interest expenses to finance their operations
hereunder.  During the term of this Contract the total production
achieved in the conduct of such operations shall be divided in
accordance with the provisions of Section VI hereof.

1.2 DEFINITIONS

    In the text of this Contract, the Words and Terms defined in
Article 1 of Law No. 44 Prp/1960 shall have the same meaning in
accordance with such definitions.  In addition the following terms
shall be defined as set forth below:

    Affiliated Company or Affiliate means, as to each Party to
this Contract, a company or other entity that controls or is
controlled by such Party or a company or other entity which
controls or is controlled by a company or other entity which
controls such Party, it being understood that control shall mean
ownership by one company or entity of at least fifty per cent (50%)
of (a) the voting stock, if the other company is a corporation
issuing stock, or (b) the controlling rights or interests, if the
other entity is not a corporation.

    Badak Unit means the unit area defined in the Badak Gas Unit
Joint Operating Agreement dated as of January 1, 1976 between
Contractors, or their respective predecessors in interest, and the
Total Group, including the depth limitation specified therein,
which agreement was approved on behalf of the Republic of Indonesia
by letter No. 220/D.J./Migas/77 dated 26 December 1977 from the
Director General for Oil and Natural Gas of the Department of Mines
and by Pertamina by letter No. 25/DR/DU/1978 dated 12 January 1978.

    Barrel means a quantity or unit of oil, forty-two (42) United
States gallons at the temperature of sixty degrees (60o)
Fahrenheit.

    Budget of Operating Costs means cost estimate of all items
included in the Work Program.

    Calendar Year or Year means a period of twelve (12) months
commencing with January 1 and ending on the following December 31
according to the Gregorian Calendar.

    Contract Area means the Area within the statutory mining
territory of Indonesia covered by the "Authority to Mine" which is
the subject of this Contract, which Contract Area is outlined and
described in Exhibits "A" and "B" attached hereto and made a part
hereof.

    Contract Year means a period of twelve (12) consecutive months
according to the Gregorian Calendar counted from the Effective Date
of this Contract or from the anniversary of such Effective Date.

    Crude Oil means crude mineral oil, asphalt, ozokerite and all
kinds of hydrocarbons and bitumens, both in solid and in liquid
form, in their natural state or obtained from Natural Gas by
condensation or extraction.

    Effective Date means August 8, 1998, which date is recognized
to be later than the date of approval of this Contract by the
Government of the Republic of Indonesia in accordance with the
provisions of applicable law.

    First Tranche Petroleum shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.3.1.

    Force Majeure means delays or defaults in performance under
this Contract caused by circumstances beyond the control and
without the fault or negligence of Contractors and/or Pertamina
that may affect economically or otherwise the continuing of
operations under this Contract, including but not restricted to
acts of God or the public enemy, perils of navigation, fire, flood,
hostilities, war (declared or undeclared), blockade, labor
disturbances, strikes, riots, insurrections, civil commotion,
quarantine restrictions, epidemics, storms, earthquake or
accidents.

    Foreign Exchange means currency other than that of the
Republic of Indonesia but acceptable to Pertamina and to the
Republic of Indonesia and to Contractors.

    Investment Credit means the investment credit provided for in
Section 6.1.7 of this Contract.

    Natural Gas means all gaseous hydrocarbons produced from
wells, including wet mineral gas, dry mineral gas, casinghead gas
and residue gas remaining after the extraction of liquid
hydrocarbons from wet gas.

    Nilam Unit means the unit area defined in the Nilam Unit
Agreement dated as of January 1, 1980 between Contractors, or their
respective predecessors in interest, and the Total Group, including
the depth limitation specified therein, which agreement was
approved on behalf of the Republic of Indonesia by letter No.
2231/DM/Migas/1982 dated 31 December 1982 from the Director General
for Oil and Natural Gas of the Department of Mines and Energy and
by Pertamina by letter No. 9534/D0421/82-S1 dated 2 August 1982.

    Operating Costs means the expenditures made and obligations
incurred in carrying out Petroleum Operations hereunder determined
in accordance with the Accounting Procedure attached hereto and
made a part hereof as Exhibit "C".

    Petroleum means mineral oil and gas, herein called Crude Oil
and Natural Gas, as defined in this Contract and in Law No. 44
Prp/1960.

    Petroleum Operations means all exploration, development,
extraction, producing,  transportation, marketing and other
operations authorized or contemplated under this Contract.

    Total Group means Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum,
Ltd., or its predecessor in interest.

    Work Program means a statement itemizing the Petroleum
Operations to be carried out in the Contract Area as set forth in
Section IV.


SECTION II

TERM


    2.1.1 The term of this Contract shall be twenty (20) years
as from August 8, 1998.


SECTION III

EXCLUSION OF AREAS


    3.1.1 Pursuant to the terms of the Predecessor Production
Sharing Contract, Contractors are obligated to relinquish portions
of the Contract Area comprising thirty percent (30%) of its area
prior to the Effective Date.  Contractors shall carry on Petroleum
Operations hereunder on the unrelinquished portion of the Contract
Area.

    3.1.2 In addition to the relinquishments of portions of
the Contract Area provided for in the Predecessor Production
Sharing Contract, the Parties agree that the following additional
surrenders of portions of the Contract Area shall be made:

    (a)   By not later than December 31, 2000 Contractors shall
          surrender an area equal to ten percent (10%) of the
          Contract Area;

    (b)   By not later than December 31, 2002 Contractors shall
          surrender an additional area equal to fifteen percent
          (15%) of the Contract Area; and

    (c)   By not later than December 31, 2004 Contractors shall
          surrender an additional area equal to fifteen percent
          (15%) of the Contract Area;

provided, however, that the foregoing provisions shall not require
Contractors to surrender any portion of the Contract Area
corresponding to the surface area of any field in which Petroleum
has been discovered.

3.1.3     Upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Pertamina prior
to the end of any Calendar Year, Contractor shall have the right to
surrender any portion of the Contract Area, and such portion shall
then be credited against that portion of the Contract Area which
Contractors are next required to surrender under the provisions of
Section 3.1.2.


SECTION IV

WORK PROGRAM AND EXPENDITURES

    4.1.1 Contractors shall carry out Petroleum Operations
under this Contract from and after the Effective Date.

    4.1.2 At least three (3) months prior to the beginning of
each Calendar Year, or at such other times as otherwise mutually
agreed by the Parties,  Contractors shall prepare and submit for
approval to Pertamina a Work Program and Budget of Operating Costs
for the Contract Area setting forth the Petroleum Operations which
Contractors propose to carry out during the ensuing Calendar Year.

    4.1.3 Should Pertamina wish to propose a revision as to
certain specific features of said Work Program and Budget of
Operating Costs, it shall within thirty (30) days after receipt
thereof so notify Contractors specifying in reasonable details its
reasons therefor.  Promptly thereafter, the Parties  will meet and
endeavor to agree on the revisions proposed by Pertamina.  In any
event, any portion of the Work Program as to which Pertamina has
not proposed a revision shall insofar as possible be carried out as
prescribed herein.

    4.1.4 It is recognized by the Parties that the details of
a Work Program may require changes in the light of existing
circumstances, and nothing herein contained shall limit the right
of Contractors to make such changes, provided they do not change
the general objective of the Work Program nor increase the
expenditures in the approved Budget of Operating Costs.

    4.1.5 It is further recognized that in the event of
emergency or extraordinary circumstances requiring immediate
action, any Party may take all actions it deems proper or advisable
to protect its interests and those of its respective employees, and
any cost so incurred shall be included in the Operating Costs.

    4.1.6 Pertamina agrees that the approval of a proposed
Work Program and Budget of Operating Costs will not be unreasonably
withheld.


SECTION V

RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES


    5.1.1 Subject to Sections 5.1.2(f), (g) and (h):

    5.1.2 Contractors shall:

          (a)  Advance all necessary funds and purchase or lease
               all material, equipment and supplies required to be
               purchased or leased with Foreign Exchange pursuant
               to the Work Program.

          (b)  Furnish all technical aid, including foreign
               personnel, required for the performance of the Work
               Program, payment whereof requires Foreign Exchange.

          (c)  Furnish such other funds for the performance of the
               Work Program that requires payment in Foreign
               Exchange including payment to foreign third parties
               who perform services as a contractor.

          (d)  Be responsible for the preparation and execution of
               the Work Program, which shall be implemented in a
               workmanlike manner and by appropriate scientific
               methods; and Contractors shall take the necessary
               precautions for protection of navigation and
               fishing and shall prevent extensive pollution of
               the sea or rivers.  It is also understood that the
               execution of the Work Program shall be exercised so
               as not to conflict with obligations imposed on the
               Government of Indonesia by International Law.

          (e)  Retain control to all leased property paid for with
               Foreign Exchange and brought into Indonesia and be
               entitled to freely remove same therefrom.

          (f)  Each Contractor shall have the right to sell,
               assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of
               all its rights and interests under this Contract to
               any Affiliated Company without the prior written
               consent of Pertamina, provided that Pertamina shall
               be notified in writing of the same beforehand and
               further provided that any assignee to which such
               rights and interests are assigned shall not hold
               more than one Production Sharing Contract.

          (g)  Each Contractor shall have the right to sell,
               assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of
               any part of its rights and interests under this
               Contract undividedly to parties other than
               Affiliated Companies with the prior written consent
               of Pertamina, which consent shall not be
               unreasonably withheld.

          (h)  Each Contractor shall have the right to sell,
               assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of
               all of its rights and interests under this Contract
               undividedly to parties other than Affiliated
               Companies with the prior written consent of
               Pertamina and the Government of the Republic of
               Indonesia, which consent shall not be unreasonably
               withheld.

          (i)  Have the right of ingress to and egress from the
               Contract Area and to and from facilities wherever
               located at all times.

          (j)  Have the right to use and have access to, and
               Pertamina shall furnish, all geological,
               geophysical, drilling, well, production and other
               information held by Pertamina or by any other
               governmental agency or enterprise relating to the
               Contract Area, including well location maps.

          (k)  Have the right to use and have access to, and
               Pertamina shall make available so far as possible,
               all geological, geophysical, drilling, well,
               production and other information now or in the
               future held by it or by any other governmental
               agency or enterprise relating to the areas adjacent
               to the Contract Area.

          (l)  Submit to Pertamina copies of all such original
               geological, geophysical, drilling, well, production
               and other data and reports as may be compiled
               during the term hereof.

          (m)  Prepare and carry out plans and programs for
               industrial training and education of Indonesians
               for all job classifications with respect to
               operations contemplated hereunder, as provided in
               Section XII hereof.

          (n)  Each Contractor shall have the right during the
               term hereof to freely lift, dispose of and export
               its share of Petroleum and retain abroad the
               proceeds obtained therefrom.

          (o)  Appoint an authorized representative for Indonesia
               with respect to this Contract, who shall have an
               office in Jakarta.

          (p)  After commercial production commences, fulfill
               their obligation towards the supply of the domestic
               market in Indonesia.  Contractors agree to sell and
               deliver to Pertamina a portion of the share of the
               Crude Oil to which they are entitled pursuant to
               Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1 calculated for each Year
               as follows:

               (i)  multiply the total quantity of Crude Oil
                    produced from the Contract Area by a fraction,
                    the numerator of which is the total quantity
                    of Crude Oil to be supplied and the
                    denominator of which is the entire Indonesian
                    production of Crude Oil of all petroleum
                    companies;

               (ii) compute twenty-five percent (25%) of the total
                    quantity of Crude Oil produced from the
                    Contract Area; and

               (iii) multiply the lower quantity computed either
                     under (i) or (ii) by  the resultant
                     percentage of Contractors' entitlement as
                     applicable under Section 6.1.3 from the
                     Crude Oil remaining after deducting
                     Operating Costs.

               The quantity of Crude Oil computed under (iii)
               shall be the maximum quantity to be supplied by
               Contractors in any Year pursuant to this paragraph
               and deficiencies, if any, shall not be carried
               forward to any subsequent Year; provided, that if
               for any Year the recoverable Operating Costs exceed
               the difference of total sales proceeds from Crude
               Oil produced and saved hereunder minus First
               Tranche Petroleum under Section 6.3.1 and
               Investment Credit under Section 6.1.7, Contractors
               shall be relieved from this supply obligation for
               such Year.

          (q)  The price at which such Crude Oil shall be
               delivered and sold under Section 5.1.2(p) shall be
               20 US cents per Barrel f.o.b. point of export with
               respect to Crude Oil from fields commencing
               production prior to February 23, 1989, and ten
               percent (10%) of the price determined under Section
               6.1.2 with respect to Crude Oil from fields
               commencing production from and after such date. 
               Contractors shall not be obligated to transport
               such Crude Oil beyond the point of export, but upon
               request Contractors shall assist in arranging
               transportation and such assistance shall be without
               cost or risk to Contractors.  Notwithstanding the
               foregoing, for a period of five (5) consecutive
               years (meaning sixty (60) consecutive months)
               starting the month of the first delivery of Crude
               Oil produced and saved from each new field in the
               Contract Area, the fee per Barrel for the quantity
               of Crude Oil supplied to the domestic market from
               each such new field shall be equal to the price
               determined in accordance with Section VI for Crude
               Oil from such field taken for the recovery of
               Operating Costs.  The proceeds in excess of the
               aforesaid 20 US cents per Barrel or ten percent
               (10%) of the price under Section 6.1.2, whichever
               is applicable, shall preferably be used to assist
               financing of continued exploration efforts by
               Contractors in the Contract Area or in other areas
               of the Republic of Indonesia if such opportunity
               exists.  In case no such opportunity can be
               demonstrated to exist in accordance with good oil
               field practice, Contractors shall be free to use
               such proceeds at their own discretion.

          (r)  Give preference to such goods and services which
               are produced in Indonesia or rendered by Indonesian
               nationals, provided such goods and services are
               offered at equally advantageous conditions with
               regard to quality, price, availability at the time
               and in the quantities required.

          (s)  Each Contractor shall pay to the Government of the
               Republic of Indonesia the Income Tax including
               final tax on profits after tax deduction imposed on
               it pursuant to the Indonesian Income Tax Law and
               its implementing regulations.  Contractors shall
               comply with the requirements of the law in
               particular with respect to filing of returns,
               assessments of tax and keeping and showing of books
               and records.

    5.1.3 Pertamina shall:

      (a) Have and be responsible for the management of the
          operations contemplated hereunder; however,
          Pertamina shall assist and consult with Contractors
          with a view to the fact that Contractors are
          responsible for the Work Program.

      (b) Except with respect to the obligation of each
          Contractor to pay its Indonesian Income Tax
          including final tax on profits after tax deduction
          as provided in Section 5.1.2(s), assume and
          discharge other Indonesian taxes of Contractors,
          including value added taxes, transfer taxes, sales
          taxes, import and export duties on materials,
          equipment and supplies brought into or taken out of
          Indonesia by Contractors, their contractors or
          subcontractors and exactions in respect of
          property, capital, net worth, operations,
          remittances or transactions including any tax or
          levy on or in connection with operations performed
          hereunder by Contractors.  Pertamina shall not be
          obliged to pay the Indonesian Income Tax including
          final tax on profits after tax deduction, nor taxes
          on tobaccos, liquor and personnel income tax, nor
          income tax or other taxes not listed above of
          contractors and subcontractors.  The obligations of
          Pertamina hereunder shall be deemed to have been
          complied with by the delivery to Contractors,
          within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the
          end of each Calendar Year, of documentary proof in
          accordance with the Indonesian fiscal laws that
          liability for the above-mentioned taxes has been
          satisfied, except that with respect to any of such
          liabilities which Contractors may be obliged to pay
          directly, Pertamina shall reimburse Contractors
          only out of its share of production hereunder
          within sixty (60) days after receipt of invoice
          therefor.  Pertamina should be consulted prior to
          payment of such taxes by Contractors or by any
          other party on Contractors' behalf.

      (c) Otherwise assist and expedite Contractors'
          execution of the Work Program by providing
          facilities, supplies and personnel, including but
          not limited to supplying or otherwise making
          available all necessary visas, work permits,
          transportation, security protection and rights of
          way and easements as may be requested by
          Contractors and made available from the resources
          under Pertamina's control.  In the event such
          facilities, supplies or personnel are not readily
          available, then Pertamina shall promptly secure the
          use of such facilities, supplies and personnel from
          alternative sources.  Expenses thus incurred by
          Pertamina at Contractors' request shall be
          reimbursed to Pertamina by Contractors and included
          in the Operating Costs.  Such reimbursements will
          be made in United States Dollars computed at the
          rate of exchange extended by the Indonesian
          Government to Petroleum companies at the time of
          conversion.  Contractors shall advance to Pertamina
          before the beginning of each annual Work Program a
          minimum amount of Seventy-five Thousand US Dollars
          (US $75,000) for the purpose of enabling Pertamina
          to meet rupiah expenditures incurred pursuant to
          this Section 5.1.3(c).  If at any time during the
          annual Work Program period the minimum amount
          advanced under this Section 5.1.3(c) has been fully
          expended, separate additional advance payments as
          may be necessary to provide for rupiah expenses
          estimated to be incurred by Pertamina during the
          balance of such annual Work Program period will be
          made.  If any amount advanced hereunder is not
          expended by Pertamina by the end of an annual Work
          Program period, such unexpended amount shall be
          credited against the minimum amount to be advanced
          pursuant to this Section 5.1.3(c) for the
          succeeding annual Work Program period.

      (d) Ensure that at all times during the term hereof
          sufficient rupiah funds shall be available to cover
          the rupiah expenditures necessary for the execution
          of the Work Program.

      (e) Have title to all original data resulting from
          Petroleum Operations, including but not limited to
          geological, geophysical, petrophysical,
          engineering, well logs and completion, status
          reports and any other data as Contractors may
          compile during the term hereof; provided, however,
          that all such data shall not be disclosed to third
          parties without informing Contractors and giving
          Contractors the opportunity to discuss the
          disclosure of such data if Contractors so desire,
          and further provided that Contractors may retain
          copies of such data.

      (f) To the extent that it does not interfere with
          Contractors' performance of the Petroleum
          Operations, use the equipment which becomes its
          property by virtue of this Contract solely for the
          Petroleum Operations envisaged under this Contract;
          and if Pertamina wishes to use such equipment for
          any alternative purpose, then Pertamina shall first
          consult Contractors.


SECTION VI

RECOVERY OF INVESTMENT CREDIT AND OPERATING

COSTS AND HANDLING OF PRODUCTION

6.1 CRUDE OIL

    6.1.1 Contractors are authorized by Pertamina and
obligated to market all Crude Oil produced and saved from the
Contract Area subject to the provisions hereinafter set forth.

    6.1.2 Contractors will recover all Operating Costs out of
the sales proceeds or other disposition of the required quantity of
Crude Oil equal in value to such Operating Costs which is produced
and saved hereunder and not used in Petroleum Operations.  Except
as provided in Sections 7.1.1(d) and (e), Contractors shall be
entitled to take and receive and freely export such Crude Oil.  For
purposes of determining the quantity of Crude Oil delivered to 
Contractors required to recover said Operating Costs, the weighted
average price of all Crude Oil produced and sold from the Contract
Area during the Calendar Year will be used, excluding, however,
deliveries made pursuant to Section 5.1.2(p).  If, in any Calendar
Year, the Operating Costs recoverable exceed the value of the Crude
Oil produced and saved hereunder and not used in Petroleum
Operations, then the unrecovered excess shall be recovered in
succeeding years.

    6.1.3 Of the Crude Oil remaining after deducting Operating
Costs:

      (a) For Crude Oil production as a result of tertiary
          recovery EOR projects, the Parties shall be
          entitled to take and receive each Year,
          respectively, 61.5385% for Pertamina and 38.4615%
          for Contractors.  Tertiary recovery EOR production
          represents a separate segment from the others.

      (b) For Crude Oil production from pre-Tertiary
          reservoir rocks, the Parties shall be entitled to
          take and receive each Year as follows:

          (i)  Pertamina 61.5385% and Contractors 38.4615% for the
               segment of 0 to 50,000 Barrels daily average of all
               of such pre-Tertiary production of the Contract
               Area for the Year;

          (ii) Pertamina 71.1538% and Contractors 28.8462% for the
               segment of 50,001 Barrels to 150,000 Barrels daily
               average of all of such pre-Tertiary production of
               the Contract Area for the Year; and

          (iii)     Pertamina 80.7692% and Contractors 19.2308 for
                    the segment of 150,001 Barrels daily average
                    of all of such pre-Tertiary production of the
                    Contract Area for the Year and more.

          Pre-Tertiary reservoir rocks mean petroleum reservoir
          rocks deposited or formed in pre-Tertiary times.

      (c) For Crude Oil production of the Contract Area other
          than those under subparagraphs (a) and (b) above,
          each year Pertamina shall be entitled to take and
          receive 71.1538% and Contractors shall be entitled
          to take and receive 28.8462%.  Crude Oil under this
          subparagraph (c) represents a separate segment from
          the others.

The deduction of Operating Costs before the entitlements are taken
by each respective Party as provided under this Section 6.1.3 shall
be subject to the following proration method:  for each Year, the
recoverable Operating Costs shall be apportioned for deduction from
the production of each of the segments as hereinabove defined at
the same ratios as the production from each such segment over the
total production of such Year.

    6.1.4 Title to Contractors' portion of Crude Oil under
Sections 6.1.3, 6.1.7 and 6.3.1, as well as to such portion of
Crude Oil exported and sold to recover Operating Costs and
Investment Credit, shall pass to Contractors at the point of export
or, in the case of Crude Oil delivered to Pertamina pursuant to
Section 5.1.2(p) or otherwise, at the point of delivery.

    6.1.5 Contractors will use their best reasonable efforts
to market the Crude Oil to the extent markets are available.  Each
Party shall be entitled to take and receive its respective portion
in kind.

    6.1.6 If Pertamina elects to take any part of its portion
of Crude Oil in kind, it shall so advise Contractors in writing not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the commencement of each
semester of each Calendar Year specifying the quantity which it
elects to take in kind, such notice to be effective for the ensuing
semester of such Calendar Year (provided, however, that such
election shall not interfere with the proper performance of any
Crude Oil sales agreement for Petroleum produced within the
Contract Area which a Contractor has executed prior to the notice
of such election).  Failure to give such notice shall be
conclusively deemed to evidence the election not to take in kind. 
Any sale of Pertamina's portion of Crude Oil shall not be for a
term of more than one (1) year (meaning twelve (12) consecutive
months) without Pertamina's consent.

    6.1.7 Contractors may recover an investment credit (the
"Investment Credit") amounting to seventeen percent (17%) of the
capital investment costs directly required for developing Crude Oil
production facilities (as defined in Article II, paragraph 3(c) of
the Accounting Procedure attached hereto as Exhibit "C") of each
new field out of deduction from gross production before recovering
Operating Costs, commencing in the earliest production Year or
Years before tax deduction (to be paid in advance in such
production Year when taken).  The Investment Credit may be applied
to new secondary recovery and tertiary recovery EOR projects but is
not applicable to "interim production schemes" or further
investments to enhance production and reservoir drainage in excess
of what was contemplated in the original project as approved by
Pertamina.

6.2 NATURAL GAS

    6.2.1 Any Natural Gas produced from the Contract Area, to
the extent not used in Petroleum Operations hereunder, may be
flared if the processing and utilization thereof is not economical. 
Such flaring shall be permitted to the extent that gas is not
required to effectuate the maximum economic recovery of Petroleum
by secondary recovery operations, including repressuring and
recycling.

    6.2.2 Should Pertamina and Contractors consider that the
processing and utilization of Natural Gas is economical and choose
to participate in the processing and utilization thereof, in
addition to that used in secondary recovery  operations, then the
construction and installation of facilities for such processing and
utilization shall be carried out pursuant to an approved Work
Program.  It is hereby agreed that all costs and revenues derived
from such processing, utilization and sale of Natural Gas shall be
treated on a basis equivalent to that provided for herein
concerning Petroleum Operations and disposition of Crude Oil,
except of the Natural Gas and propane and butane fractions
extracted from Natural Gas but not spiked in Crude Oil after
deducting Operating Costs associated with Natural Gas operations as
stipulated in Exhibit "C", the following shall apply:
    (a)   With respect to Natural Gas produced and saved from the
          Badak Unit and the Nilam Unit which is attributable to
          this Contract and sold under (i) the LNG Sales Contract
          dated December 3, 1973 between Pertamina and certain
          buyers in Japan (including LNG delivered under such LNG
          Sales Contract in accordance with the Supply Agreement
          for Korean Carry-Over Quantities dated December 30, 1987
          between Pertamina and Contractors), (ii) the Badak LNG
          Sales Contract dated April 14, 1981 between Pertamina and
          certain buyers in Japan, (iii) seven (7) contracts for
          the sale of LPG, each dated July 15, 1986 and entitled
          Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract, between
          Pertamina and certain buyers in Japan, and (iv) any
          renewal or extension of any of such contracts, Pertamina
          shall be entitled to take and receive 51.9231% and
          Contractors shall be entitled to take and receive
          48.0769%.  If any Natural Gas is supplied from other
          fields in the Contract Area and sold under any of the
          above-mentioned sales contracts in place of proved
          reserves of Natural Gas from the Badak Unit and Nilam
          Unit, to the extent such proved reserves were certified
          and used in the determination of participation by
          Contractors in support of Pertamina's obligations under
          such sales contracts, such substitute Natural Gas will
          also be shared as provided in this Section 6.2.2(a). 
          This production represents a separate segment from that
          specified in subparagraph (b) below.  

    (b)   With respect to all other Natural Gas produced and saved
          from the Contract Area, including Natural Gas produced
          and saved from the Badak Unit and the Nilam Unit which is
          attributable to this Contract and sold under LNG sales
          contracts other than those specified in the preceding
          paragraph, Pertamina shall be entitled to take and
          receive 42.3077% and Contractors shall be entitled to
          take and receive 57.6923%.  This production represents a
          separate segment from that specified in subparagraph (a)
          above.

The deduction of Operating Costs before the entitlements are taken
by each respective Party as provided under this Section 6.2.2 shall
be subject to the following proration method:  for each Year, the
recoverable Operating Costs shall be apportioned for deduction from
the production of each of the segments as hereinabove defined at
the same ratios as the production from each such segment over the
total production of such Year.  In connection with the foregoing,
production of Natural Gas delivered under supply agreements between
Pertamina and Contractors shall be allocated among the fields from
which such Natural Gas is produced (and, as to the Badak Unit and
Nilam Unit, between Natural Gas dealt with under subparagraphs (a)
and (b) above) in the ratio in which volumes of such Natural Gas
are deemed delivered under such supply agreements in such Year.

    6.2.3 In the event, however, that Contractors consider
that the processing and utilization of Natural Gas is not
economical, then Pertamina may choose to take and utilize such
Natural Gas that would otherwise be flared, all costs of taking and
handling to be for the sole account and risk of Pertamina.

6.3 FIRST TRANCHE PETROLEUM

    6.3.1 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere
contained in this Contract, the Parties shall be entitled to take
and receive in each Year twenty percent (20%) of all Petroleum
produced and saved in such Year ("First Tranche Petroleum") before
any allocation of Crude Oil or Natural Gas to Contractors for the
recovery of Investment Credit and Operating Costs as provided in
this Section VI.  Such First Tranche Petroleum comprising Crude Oil
shall be shared between Pertamina and Contractors in accordance
with the sharing splits provided under Section 6.1.3, and such
First Tranche Petroleum comprising Natural Gas shall be shared
between Pertamina and Contractors in accordance with the sharing
splits provided under Section 6.2.2.  Such First Tranche Petroleum
shall be apportioned to the respective production segments defined
in Sections 6.1.3 and 6.2.2 in the same ratios as production from
each such segment (or, in the case of Natural Gas delivered under
supply agreements, deemed production under each such segment) over
total production for the Year.

6.4 UNRECOVERED COSTS UNDER PREDECESSOR PRODUCTION  SHARING
    CONTRACT

    6.4.1 It is agreed that the undepreciated balance as of
the Effective Date of each asset placed in service under the
Predecessor Production Sharing Contract shall be carried forward
and depreciated under the terms of this Contract, and that any
Operating Costs or Investment Credit recoverable under the terms of
the Predecessor Production Sharing Contract and remaining
unrecovered as of the Effective Date shall be carried forward and
recovered under the terms of this Contract.


SECTION VII

VALUATION OF CRUDE OIL AND NATURAL GAS

    7.1.1 Crude Oil sold to third parties shall be valued as
follows:

      (a) All Crude Oil taken by Contractors, including their
          share and the share for the recovery of Investment
          Credit and Operating Costs, and sold to third
          parties shall be valued at the net realized price
          f.o.b. Indonesia received by Contractors for such
          Crude Oil.

      (b) All of Pertamina's Crude Oil taken by Contractors
          and sold to third parties shall be valued at the
          net realized price f.o.b. Indonesia received by
          Contractors for such Crude Oil.

      (c) Pertamina shall be duly advised before the sales
          referred to in Sections 7.1.1(a) and (b) are made.

      (d) Subject to any existing Crude Oil sales agreement,
          if a more favorable net realized price is available
          to Pertamina for the Crude Oil referred to in
          Sections 7.1.1(a) and (b), except Contractors'
          share of Crude Oil, then Pertamina shall so advise
          Contractors in writing not less than ninety (90)
          days prior to the commencement of the deliveries
          under Pertamina's proposed sales contract. 
          Forty-five (45) days prior to the start of such
          deliveries, Contractors shall notify Pertamina
          regarding Contractors' intention to meet the more
          favorable net realized price in relation to the
          quantity and period of delivery concerned in said
          proposed sales contract.  In the absence of such
          notice Pertamina shall market said Crude Oil.

      (e) Pertamina's marketing of such Crude Oil as referred
          to in Section 7.1.1(d) shall continue until
          forty-five (45) days after Pertamina's net realized
          price on said Crude Oil becomes less favorable. 
          Contractors' obligation to market said Crude Oil
          shall not apply until after Pertamina has given
          Contractors at least forty-five (45) days' advance
          notice of its desire to discontinue such sales.  As
          long as Pertamina is marketing the Crude Oil
          referred to above, it shall account to Contractors,
          on the basis of the more favorable net realized
          price.

      (f) Without prejudice to any of the provisions of
          Section VI and Section VII, Contractors may at
          their option transfer to Pertamina during any
          Calendar Year the right to market any Crude Oil
          which is in excess of Contractors' normal and
          contractual requirements, provided that the price
          is not less than the net realized price from the
          Contract Area.  Pertamina's request stating the
          quantity and expected loading date must be
          submitted in writing at least thirty (30) days
          prior to lifting said Crude Oil.  Such lifting must
          not interfere with Contractors' scheduled tanker
          movements.  Pertamina shall account to Contractors
          in respect of any sale made by it hereunder.

      (g) Pertamina shall have the option in any Year in
          which the quantity of Petroleum to which it is
          entitled pursuant to Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1
          hereof is less than 50% of the total production, by
          ninety (90) days' written notice in advance of that
          Year, to market for the account of Contractors, at
          the price provided for in Section VII hereof for
          the recovery of Operating Costs, a quantity of
          Petroleum which together with Pertamina's
          entitlement under Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1 equals
          fifty percent (50%) of the total Petroleum produced
          and saved from the Contract Area.

    7.1.2 Crude Oil sold to other than third parties shall be
valued as follows:

      (a) By using the weighted average per unit price
          received by Contractors and Pertamina from sales to
          third parties excluding, however, commissions and
          brokerages paid in relation to such third party
          sales during the three (3) months preceding such
          sale, adjusted as necessary for quality, grade and
          gravity; and
      (b) If no such third party sales have been made during
          such period of time, then on the basis used to
          value Indonesian Crude Oil of similar quality,
          grade and gravity and taking into consideration any
          special circumstances with respect to sales of such
          Indonesian Crude Oil.

    7.1.3 Third party sales referred to in this Section VII
shall mean sales by Contractors to purchasers independent of
Contractors, that is purchasers with whom (at the time the sale is
made) Contractors have no contractual interest involving directly
or indirectly any joint interest.

    7.1.4 Commissions or brokerages incurred in connection
with sales to third parties, if any, shall not exceed the customary
and prevailing rate.

    7.1.5 Natural Gas sold to third parties shall be valued
at the net realized price received therefor.  With respect to
Natural Gas delivered from the Contract Area in support of
Pertamina's obligations under sales contracts with third parties,
the Parties have agreed in the past, and may agree in the future,
that the net realized price for such Natural Gas shall constitute
the amounts paid by the buyers under such sales contracts, less
deductions for costs of the trades incurred outside of this
Contract (e.g., costs of construction, including financing, and
operation of the plant in which such Natural Gas is processed,
transportation costs from such plant or the Contract Area, as may
be applicable, to the point of delivery of such Natural Gas under
the sales contracts and other costs agreed to by Pertamina and
Contractors).

    7.1.6 During each given Calendar Year, the handling of
production (i.e., the implementation of the provisions of Section
VI hereof) and the proceeds thereof shall be provisionally dealt
with on the basis of the relevant Work Program and Budget of
Operating Costs based upon estimates of quantities of Petroleum to
be produced, of internal consumption in Indonesia, of marketing
possibilities, of prices and other sale conditions as well as of
any other relevant factor.  Within thirty (30) days after the end
of such Calendar Year, adjustments and cash settlements between the
Parties shall be made on the basis of the actual quantities,
amounts and prices involved, in order to comply with the provisions
of this Contract.

    7.1.7 In the event Petroleum Operations involve the
segregation of Crude Oils of different quality and/or grade and if
the Parties do not otherwise mutually agree:

      (a) Any and all provisions of this Contract concerning
          valuation of Crude Oil shall separately apply to
          each segregated Crude Oil; and

      (b) Each Crude Oil produced and segregated in a given
          Year shall contribute to:

          (i)  The "required quantity" of Crude Oil to which the
               Parties are entitled in such Year pursuant to
               Section 6.3.1;

          (ii) The "required quantity" utilized in such Year for
               the recovery of Investment Credit pursuant to
               Section 6.1.7;

          (iii)     The "required quantity" utilized in such Year
                    for the recovery of Operating Costs pursuant
                    to Section 6.1.2 hereof;

          (iv) The "required quantity" of Crude Oil to which the
               Parties are entitled in such Year pursuant to
               Section 6.1.3 hereof; and

          (v)  The "required quantity" of Crude Oil which
               Contractors agree to sell and deliver in such Year
               for domestic consumption in Indonesia pursuant to
               Section 5.1.2(p) hereof, out of the share of Crude
               Oil to which it is entitled pursuant to Sections
               6.1.3 and 6.3.1;

      with quantities, each of which shall bear to the respective
      "required quantity" (referred to in (i) through (v) above)
      the same proportion as the quantity of such Crude Oil
      produced and segregated in such given Year bears to the
      total quantity of Crude Oil produced in such Year from the
      Contract Area.


SECTION VIII

COMPENSATION AND PRODUCTION BONUSES
                                     
    8.1.1 The consideration for Pertamina to enter into this
Contract is provided for in Section 8.1.1 of the Predecessor
Production Sharing Contract.

    8.1.2 The Predecessor Production Sharing Contract contains
in Section 8.1.1(b) a provision pursuant to which Contractors shall
pay to Pertamina a certain bonus contingent on the occurrence of a
specified level of cumulative production of Crude Oil from the
Contract Area.  If such bonus has not been paid by the Effective
Date, then Contractors agree to pay to Pertamina, in lieu of such
bonus specified in the Predecessor Production Sharing Contract, a
production bonus of US $5,000,000, which shall be due thirty (30)
days following the end of the month in which cumulative production
of Crude Oil from the Contract Area (or, in the case of production
from unitized areas, deemed by the applicable unit agreement to be
from the Contract Area) first exceeds 185,000,000 Barrels.  If such
bonus specified in the Predecessor Production Sharing Contract
shall have been paid prior to the Effective Date, then Contractors
shall have no obligation under this Contract to pay such bonus.

    8.1.3 The above-described bonus shall be borne solely by
Contractors and shall not be included in or recoverable as
Operating Costs.  It is acknowledged that (a) the amount of such
bonus payment has been determined based on the tax law specified in
Section 5.1.2(s), and (b) for Indonesian tax purposes such bonus
payment shall be deductible from Contractors' taxable income in
respect of the Calendar Year in which payment is made.


SECTION IX
                                     
PAYMENTS AND CURRENCY

    9.1.1 All payments which this Contract obligates
Contractors to make to Pertamina or the Government of the Republic
of Indonesia  shall be made in United States Dollars at a bank to
be designated by each of them and agreed upon by Bank Indonesia or,
at Contractors' election, other currencies acceptable to them,
except that Contractors may make such payments in Indonesian
Rupiahs to the extent that such currency is realized as a result of
the sale of Crude Oil, Natural Gas or Petroleum products, if any.

    9.1.2 All payments due to a Contractor shall be made in
United States Dollars, or, at Pertamina's election, other
currencies acceptable to such Contractor, at a bank to be
designated by such Contractor.

    9.1.3 Any payments required to be made pursuant to this
Contract shall be made within thirty (30) days following the end of
the month in which the obligation to make such payments occurs.


SECTION X

TITLE TO EQUIPMENT


    10.1.1     Equipment purchased by Contractors pursuant to the
Work Program shall become the property of Pertamina (in case of
import, when landed at the Indonesian port of import) and will be
used in Petroleum Operations hereunder.

    10.1.2     The provisions of Section 10.1.1 shall not apply to
leased equipment belonging to third parties who perform services as
a contractor.  Any such leased equipment belonging to foreign third
parties may be freely exported from Indonesia.


SECTION XI

CONSULTATION AND ARBITRATION

    11.1.1     Periodically, Pertamina and Contractors shall meet
to discuss the conduct of the Petroleum Operations envisaged under
this Contract and will make every effort to settle amicably any
problem arising therefrom.

    11.1.2     Disputes, if any, arising between Pertamina and
Contractors relating to this Contract or the interpretation and
performance of any of the clauses of this Contract, and which
cannot be settled amicably, shall be submitted to the decision of
arbitration.  Pertamina on the one hand and Contractors on the
other hand shall each appoint one (1) arbitrator and so advise the
other Party, and these two (2) arbitrators will appoint a third. 
If either Party fails to appoint an arbitrator within thirty (30)
days after receipt of a written request to do so, such arbitrator
shall, at the request of the other Party, if the Parties do not
otherwise agree, be appointed by the President of the International
Chamber of Commerce.  If the first two (2) arbitrators appointed as
aforesaid fail to agree on a third within thirty (30) days
following the appointment of the second arbitrator, the third
arbitrator shall, if the Parties do not otherwise agree, be
appointed, at the request of either Party, by the President of the
International Chamber of Commerce.  If an arbitrator fails or is
unable to act, his successor will be appointed in the same manner
as the arbitrator whom he succeeds.

    11.1.3     The decision of a majority of the arbitrators shall
be final and binding upon the Parties.

    11.1.4     In the event the arbitrators are unable to reach a
decision, the dispute shall be referred to Indonesian Court of Law
for settlement.

    11.1.5     Except as provided in this Section, arbitration
shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of arbitration of
the International Chamber of Commerce.


SECTION XII
EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING OF INDONESIAN PERSONNEL


    12.1.1     Contractors agree to employ qualified Indonesian
personnel in their operations and, after commercial production
commences, will undertake the schooling and training of Indonesian
personnel for labor and staff positions, including administrative
and executive management positions.  At such time Contractors shall
also consider with Pertamina a program of assistance for training
Pertamina's personnel.

    12.1.2     Costs and expenses of training Indonesian personnel
for employment by Contractors shall be included in Operating Costs. 
Costs and expenses for a program of training for Pertamina's
personnel shall be borne on a basis to be agreed by Pertamina and
Contractors.


SECTION XIII

TERMINATION


    13.1.1     At any time, if in the opinion of Contractors
circumstances do not warrant continuation of the Petroleum
Operations, Contractors may by giving written notice to such effect
to Pertamina and after consultation with Pertamina relinquish their
rights and be relieved of their obligations pursuant to this
Contract, except such rights and obligations as relate to the
period prior to such relinquishment.

    13.1.2     Either Party shall be entitled to terminate this
Contract in its entirety by ninety (90) days' written notice if a
major breach of contract is committed by the other Party, provided
that conclusive evidence thereof is proved by arbitration or a
final court decision as stipulated in Section XI.


SECTION XIV

BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS AND AUDITS

14.1  BOOKS AND ACCOUNTS

    14.1.1     Subject to the requirements of Section 5.1.2(s),
Pertamina shall be responsible for keeping complete books and
accounts with the assistance of Contractors reflecting all
Operating Costs as well as monies received from the sale of Crude
Oil and Natural Gas, consistent with modern petroleum industry
practices and proceedings as described in Exhibit "C" attached
hereto.  Should there be any inconsistency between the provisions
of this Contract and the provisions of Exhibit "C", then the
provisions of Section 6.1.2 of this Contract shall prevail.  Until
such time that commercial production commences, however, Pertamina
delegates to Contractor its obligations to keep books and accounts.

14.2  AUDITS

    14.2.1     Contractors shall have the right to inspect and
audit Pertamina's books and accounts relating to this Contract for
any Calendar Year within the one (1) year period following the end
of such Calendar Year.  Any such audit will be satisfied within
twelve (12) months after its commencement.  Any exception must be
made in writing within sixty (60) days following the end of such
audit, and failure to give such written exception within such time
shall establish the correctness of Pertamina's books and accounts.

    14.2.2     Pertamina and the Government of the Republic of
Indonesia shall have the right to inspect and audit Contractors'
books and accounts relating to this Contract for any Calendar Year
covered by this Contract.  Any exception must be made in writing
within sixty (60) days following the completion of such audit.  In
addition, Pertamina and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia
may require Contractors to engage their independent accountants to
examine, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards,
Contractors' books and accounts relating to this Contract for any
Calendar Year or perform such auditing procedures as deemed
appropriate by Pertamina.  A copy of the independent accountant's
report of any exceptions shall be forwarded to Pertamina within
sixty (60) days following the completion of such audit.


SECTION XV

OTHER PROVISIONS

15.1  NOTICES

    15.1.1     Any notices required or given by either Party to the
other shall be deemed to have been delivered when a properly
acknowledged receipt has been obtained from the receiving Party. 
All such notices shall be addressed as follows:
          
          If to Pertamina:

          PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
          DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
          (PERTAMINA)
          Jalan Merdeka Timur 1-A
          Jakarta, Indonesia

          If to Contractors:

          ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.
          Jl. H. Rasuna Said
          Kuningan Plaza, P.O. Box 2828
          Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia

The Parties may substitute or change such addresses on written
notice thereof.

15.2  LAWS AND REGULATIONS

    15.2.1     The laws of the Republic of Indonesia shall apply
to this Contract.

    15.2.2     No term or provision of this Contract, including the
agreement of the Parties to submit to arbitration hereunder, shall
prevent or limit the Government of the Republic of Indonesia from
exercising its inalienable rights.

15.3  SUSPENSION OF OBLIGATION

    15.3.1     Any failure or delay on the part of Pertamina or
Contractors, or any of them, in the performance of their
obligations or duties under this Contract shall be excused if and
to the extent attributable to Force Majeure.

    15.3.2     If operations are delayed, curtailed or prevented
by such causes, then the time for carrying out the obligations
thereby affected, the term of this Contract and all rights and
obligations hereunder shall be extended for a period equal to the
period thus involved.

    15.3.3     The Party whose ability to perform its obligations
is so affected shall notify the other Party thereof in writing,
stating the cause, and both Pertamina and Contractors shall do all
reasonably within their power to remove such cause.

15.4  PROCESSING OF PRODUCTS

    15.4.1     Contractors shall be willing to consider entering
into another contract or loan agreement for the processing of
products derived from the Petroleum Operations hereunder, on
mutually agreeable terms.

    15.4.2     Within the framework of the preceding principle,
Contractors would agree on the conditions stated below to have
refined in Indonesia 28.57% of the share of Crude Oil to which they
are entitled pursuant to Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1, and should no
refining capacity be available therefor, to set up a corresponding
refining capacity for that purpose.  The conditions above referred
to are that:

      (a) Pertamina has first requested Contractors thereto;

      (b) Contractors' share of Crude Oil pursuant to
          Sections 6.1.3 and 6.3.1 hereof be not less than
          175,000 Barrels per day; and

      (c) If refining capacity has to be erected, that the
          setting up and use of such refining capacity be
          economical in the judgment of the Parties.

    15.4.3     It is further agreed that Contractors may in lieu
of setting up such refining capacity, but subject to the same
conditions, make an equivalent investment in another project
related to the Petroleum or petrochemical industries.

    15.4.4     Petroleum to be delivered to such facilities would
be sold by Contractors at the net realized prices f.o.b. Indonesia
received by Contractors established pursuant to Section VII hereof
or at another mutually agreed price.


SECTION XVI

EFFECTIVENESS

    16.1.1     This Contract shall come into effect on the
Effective Date.

    16.1.2     This Contract shall not be annulled, amended or
modified in any respect except by the mutual consent in writing of
the Parties.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA AND CONTRACTORS have executed
this Contract, in quadruplicate and in the English language, as of
the day and year first above written.



PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN           ROY M. HUFFINGTON INC.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)


By:         /s/                                     By:           /s/           

VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



By:        /s/                    By:           /s/           

ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED                          UNION TEXAS EAST
KALIMANTAN
                                  LIMITED


By:        /s/                     By:          /s/

UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.  HUFFINGTON CORPORATION



By:         /s/                     By:         /s/



    APPROVED by the Minister of Mines and Energy this       day of 
                  , 1990, on behalf of the Government of the
Republic of Indonesia.



                                             /s/               
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT "A"


[To be supplied] <PAGE>
EXHIBIT "B"

    Attached to and made an integral part of the Contract between
Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and
Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company, Virginia
Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Huffington
Corporation ("Contractors").

1.  CONTRACT AREA

    1.1   The "Contract Area", as defined in Section 1.2 of the
Contract to which this Exhibit "B" is attached, means the area
outlined on Exhibit "A" to such Contract, which area is more
particularly described as follows:

    Using the Greenwich Coordinate system, starting at point
    "A", located at the intersection of the coastline at high
    tide and coincidental with the Equator, proceed Southwest
    following the coastline at high tide to point "B",
    located at the intersection of the coastline at high tide
    and 01o30'00" South latitude;

    Thence, due West in a direct line coincidental with
    01o30'00" South latitude to point "C", located at
    116o21'16" East longitude and 01o30'00" South latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "D",
    located at 116o30'04" East longitude and 01o21'15" South
    latitude;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincidental with
    01o21'15" South latitude to point "E", located at
    116o32'30" East longitude and 01o21'15" South latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "F",
    located at 116o39'14" East longitude and 01o13'38" South
    latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "G",
    located at 116o48'53" East longitude and 00o54'05" South
    latitude;

    Thence, Northwesterly in a direct line to point "H",
    located at 116o42'47" East longitude and 00o35'53" South
    latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "I",
    located at 116o45'44" East longitude and 00o30'00" South
    latitude;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
    00o30'00" South latitude to point "J", located at
    116o51'13" East longitude and 00o30'00" South latitude;

    Thence, Southeasterly in a direct line to point "K",
    located at 116o53'49" East longitude and 00o36'00" South
    latitude;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
    00o36'00" South latitude to point "L", located at
    117o03'37" East longitude and 00o36'00" South latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "M",
    located at 117o04'42" East longitude and 00o30'51" South
    latitude;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
    00o30'51" South latitude to point "N", located at
    117o09'13" East longitude and 00o30'51" South latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "O",
    located at 117o10'53" East longitude and 00o21'49" South
    latitude;

    Thence, Northeasterly in a direct line to point "P",
    located at 117o17'00" East longitude and 00o04'20" South
    latitude;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with
    00o04'20" South latitude to point "Q", located at
    117o20'00" East longitude and 00o04'20" South latitude;

    Thence, due North in a direct line coincident with
    117o20'00" East longitude to point "R", located at
    117o20'00" East longitude and the equator;

    Thence, due East in a direct line coincident with the
    equator to point "A", the point of beginning.

    1.2   It is understood and agreed that within the Contract Area
where Pertamina had, prior to August 8, 1968, drilled, discovered
and established Natural Gas or other Petroleum reserves in fields
operated by it, Contractors shall have no interest in any of the
then known productive zones in these fields, and the same shall not
be part of the Contract Area.  Such fields, including the depths of
such known productive zones, are describedin Section 2 of this
Exhibit "B".  Conversely, where Pertamina outside such fields had
no producing or shut-in reserves as of August 8, 1968 and where
Contractors may discover Natural Gas or other Petroleum,
Contractors shall be entitled to their share of such production at
any and all depths.

    1.3   It is the intention and desire of both Parties to this
Contract to have Contractors also drill deep tests on selected
producing structures, and, where Contractors establish production
in deeper zones than those that were productive as of August 8,
1968, Contractors shall share in this new production in accordance
with the terms of this Contract.  However, prior to drilling deeper
tests on such known producing structures, where Pertamina and
Contractors shall jointly decide it is desirable, Pertamina and
Contractors shall determine the depth of the lowest producing zone
in the field, and any new production discovered in formations or
beds below such lowest zone shall be jointly shared by Pertamina
and Contractors in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

2.  EXCLUDED AREAS

    The shallow producing fields as of August 8, 1968 reserved by
Pertamina in Section 1.2 of this Exhibit "B" are described by the
longitudinal and latitudinal coordinates of the corners of their
respective boundaries, with the depths reserved expressed in feet,
below.  Except as otherwise noted, the boundary lines of such
fields are straight lines running from point to point.

     Field          Point       Longitude        Latitude 

1.   Klandasan-       A         116o43'24"       01o15'45"
     Wailawi          B         116o46'22"       01o15'45"
        C           116o57'22"  01o10'25"
        D           116o57'22"  01o14'15"
        E           116o50'02"  01o16'25"
        F           116o46'02"  01o16'25"
        G           116o45'42"  01o21'10"
        H           116o43'24"  01o21'10"

The boundaries of the Klandasan-Wailawi fields between points D and
E and between points F and G follow the coast line at high tide of
the island of Kalimantan.  The depth reserved for the Klandasan-
Wailawi field is 1,772 feet.

2.   Samboja/Jembatan  A        117o01'32"       00o59'30"
     Bengkok          B         117o02'32"       00o59'55"
        C           117o01'52"  01o00'40"
        D           117o01'52"  01o03'35"
        E           117o00'32"  01o03'35"
        F           117o00'32"  01o00'15"

The depths reserved for the Samboja/Jembatan Bengkok field are,
with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points A, B, C and F (Jembatan Bengkok), 1,627 feet;
and, with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points F, C, D and E (Samboja), 5,611 feet.

3.   Sanga-Sanga      A         117o17'17"       00o26'55"
        B           117o19'22"  00o26'55"
        C           117o19'22"  00o32'20"
        D           117o18'32"  00o33'55"
        E           117o18'12"  00o34'40"
        F           117o17'27"  00o36'05"
        G           117o17'17"  00o36'30"
        H           117o13'52"  00o43'10"
        I           117o12'12"  00o42'25"
        J           117o14'57"  00o36'55"
        K           117o15'52"  00o34'55"
        L           117o16'52"  00o32'55"
        M           117o17'32"  00o31'35"

The depths reserved for the Sanga-Sanga field are, with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
A, B, C and M (North Kutai Lama), 6,240 feet; with respect to the
portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points M, C,
D and L (South Kutai Lama), 3,770 feet; with respect to the portion
bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points L, D, E and
K (Anggana), 3,803; with respect to the portion bounded by lines
whose corners are situated at points K, E and F (Tanjung Una),
2,943 feet; with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose
corners are situated at points K, F, G and K (Muara), 4,003 feet;
and with respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are
situated at points J, G, H and I (Louise), 4,807 feet.

4.   Sei Nangka       A         117o06'17"       00o43'10"
        B           117o08'57"  00o43'10"
        C           117o05'47"  00o50'50"
        D           117o03'07"  00o50'50"

The depth reserved for the Sei Nangka field is 1,503 feet.

5.   Sambutan         A         117o11'17"       00o30'10"
        B           117o12'12"  00o30'10"
        C           117o12'02"  00o32'20"
        D           117o11'17"  00o32'20"

The depth reserved for the Sambutan field is 4,062 feet.

6.   Binangat-Pelarang A        117o13'57"       00o24'50"
        B           117o14'52"  00o24'50"
        C           117o14'1.69"                 00o27'0.4"
        D           117o13'02"  00o29'25"
        E           117o12'12"  00o29'25"
        F           117o13'07"  00o27'0.4"

The depths reserved for the Binangat-Pelarang fields are, with
respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated
at points A, B, C and F (Binangat), 2,238 feet; and with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
F, C, D and E, 2,159 feet.

7.   Ulu Karang       A         117o15'47"       00o22'15"
     Mumus-Bivak      B         117o16'42"       00o22'15"
        C           117o16'28.47"                00o23'15.40"
        D           117o15'52"  00o24'30"
        E           117o14'57"  00o24'30"
        F           117o15'27.54"                00o23'15.40"

The depths reserved for the Ulu Karang Mumus-Bivak fields are, with
respect to the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated
at points A, B, C and F (Bivak), 1,962 feet; and with respect to
the portion bounded by lines whose corners are situated at points
F, C, D and E (Ulu Karang Mumus), 1,972 feet.

8.   Semberah         A         117o18'12"       00o16'05"
        B           117o19'02"  00o16'05"
        C           117o18'32"  00o17'25"
        D           117o18'42"  00o17'25"
        E           117o18'42"  00o18'25"
        F           117o18'04"  00o18'25"
        G           117o17'17"  00o20'35"
        H           117o16'32"  00o20'35"

The depth reserved for the Semberah field is 3,973 feet.

3.   SECONDARY RECOVERY OPERATIONS

     3.1 Contractors will be willing to consider secondary
recovery operations in previously abandoned fields or essentially
depleted fields where Pertamina may consider it feasible and
desirable, and in such instances these areas shall be considered to
be part of the Contract Area.
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT "C"


     Attached to and made an integral part of the Contract between
Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara ("Pertamina")
and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and
Huffington Corporation ("Contractors").


ACCOUNTING PROCEDURE


Article I
General Provisions

1.   Definitions

     The accounting procedure herein provided for is to be followed
and observed in the performance of each Party's obligations under
the Contract to which this Exhibit "C" is attached.  The
definitions and terms appearing in this Exhibit "C" shall have the
same meaning as those defined in said Contract.

2.   Account and Statements

     Pertamina's and Contractors', as the case may be, accounting
records and books will be kept in accordance with generally
accepted and recognized accounting systems, consistent with modern
petroleum industry practices and procedures.  Books and reports
will be maintained and prepared in accordance with methods
established by Pertamina.  The chart of accounts and related
account definitions will be prescribed by Pertamina.  Reports will
be organized for the use of Pertamina in carrying out its
management responsibilities under this Contract.


Article II
Operating Costs

1.   Definition

     For any Year in which commercial production occurs, Operating
Costs consist of (a) current Year's Non-capital Costs, (b) current
Year's depreciation for Capital Costs and (c) current Year's
allowed recovery of prior Year's unrecovered Operating Costs.

2.   Non-capital Costs

     Non-capital Costs means those Operating Costs incurred that
relate to current Year's operations.  In addition to costs relating
only to current operations, the costs of surveys and the intangible
costs of drilling exploratory and development wells, as described
in paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below, will be classified as
Non-capital Costs.  Non-capital Costs include, but are not limited
to the following:

     (a) Labor, materials and services used in day to day oil well
         operations, oil field production facilities operations,
         secondary recovery operations, storage, handling,
         transportation and delivery operations, gas well
         operations, gas field production facilities operations,
         gas transportation, and delivery operations, gas
         processing auxiliaries and utilities, and other operating
         activities, including repairs and maintenance.

     (b) Office Services and General Administration - General
         services including technical and related services,
         material services, transportation, rental of specialized
         and heavy engineering equipment, site rentals and other
         rentals of services and property, personnel expenses,
         public relations, and other expenses abroad.  

     (c) Production Drilling - Labor, materials and services used
         in drilling wells with the object of penetrating a proven
         reservoir, including the drilling of delineation wells as
         well as redrilling, deepening or recompleting wells, and
         access roads leading directly to wells.

     (d) Exploratory Drilling - Labor, materials and services used
         in the drilling of wells with the object of finding
         unproven reservoirs of oil and gas, and access roads
         leading directly to wells.

     (e) Surveys - Labor, materials and services used in aerial,
         geological, topographical, geophysical and seismic
         surveys, and core hole drilling.

     (f) Other Exploration Expenditures - Auxiliary or temporary
         facilities having lives of one year or less used in
         exploration and purchased geological and geophysical
         information.

3.   Capital Costs

     Capital Costs mean expenditures made for items which normally
have a useful life beyond the Year incurred.  A reasonable annual
allowance for depreciation of capital costs, computed as described
in Article III, Section 1, will be allowed as a recoverable
operating cost for the current Year.  Capital Costs include
classification described herein but are not limited to the
following specifications:

     (a) Construction Utilities and Auxiliaries - Work shops,
         power and water facilities, warehouses, and field roads
         except the access roads mentioned in Paragraphs 2(c) and
         2(d) above.

     (b) Construction Housing and Welfare - Housing, recreational
         facilities and other tangible property incidental to
         construction.

     (c) Production Facilities - Offshore platforms (including the
         costs of labor, fuel, hauling and supplies for both the
         offsite fabrication and onsite installation of platforms,
         and other construction costs in erecting platforms and
         installing submarine pipelines), wellhead equipment,
         subsurface lifting equipment, production tubing, sucker
         rods, surface pumps, flow lines, gathering equipment,
         delivery lines, storage facilities.  Costs of oil jetties
         and anchorages, treating plants and equipment, secondary
         recovery systems, gas plants and steam systems.

     (d) Movables - Surface and subsurface drilling and production
         tools, equipment and instruments, barges, floating craft,
         automotive equipment, aircraft, construction equipment,
         furniture and office equipment and miscellaneous
         equipment.


Article III
Accounting Methods To Be Used to Calculate
Recovery of Operating Costs


1.   Depreciation

     Depreciation will be calculated beginning the Year in which
the asset is placed into service with a full year's depreciation
allowed the initial Year.  The method used to calculate each Year's
allowable recovery of Capital Costs is the declining balance
depreciation method.  Calculation of each such Year's allowable
recovery of Capital Costs should be based on the individual asset's
Capital Cost at the beginning of such Year multiplied by the
depreciation factor as follows, for:

              - Group 1 =    50%
              - Group 2 =    25%
              - Group 3 =    10%

     For the Groups of capital assets for any Crude Oil project or
for Natural Gas projects having reserves of seven (7) years or
less, apply useful lives as follows:

Group 1

Automobiles                                       1.5 years
Trucks-light (less than 13,000 pounds) and 
tractor units                                     2.0 years
Trucks-heavy (more than 13,000 pounds)            3.0 years
Buses                                             4.5 years
Aircraft                                          3.0 years
Construction equipment                            3.0 years
Furniture and office equipment                    5.0 years

Group 2

Construction utilities and auxiliaries            5.0 years
Construction housing and welfare                  10.0 years
Production facilities                             5.0 years
Railroad cars and locomotives                     7.5 years
Vessels, barges, tugs and similar water 
transportation equipment                          9.0 years
Drilling and production tools, equipment and 
 instruments                                      5.0 years

For the Groups of capital assets for Natural Gas projects having
reserves of more than 7 years, apply useful lives as follows:

Group 1

Automobiles                                       3.0 years
Trucks-light (less than 13,000 pounds) and 
  tractor units                                   4.0 years
Trucks-heavy (more than 13,000 pounds) and 
trailers                                          6.0 years

Group 2

Aircraft                                          6.0 years
Vessels, barges, tugs and similar water 
  transportation equipment                        18.0 years
Drilling and production tools, equipment and 
instruments                                       8.0 years
Construction equipment                            6.0 years
Furniture and office equipment                    10.0 years

Group 3

Construction utilities and auxiliaries            8.0 years
Construction housing and welfare                  20.0 years
Production facilities                             8.0 years
Railroad cars and locomotives                     15.0 years

Balance of unrecovered Capital Costs is eligible for full
depreciation at the end of the individual asset's useful life.  The
undepreciated balance of assets taken out of service will not be
charged to Operating Cost but will continue depreciating based upon
the lives described above, except where such assets have been
subjected to unanticipated destruction, for example, by fire or
accident.  

2.   Overhead Allocation

     General and administrative costs, other than direct charges,
allocable to this operation should be determined by a detailed
study, and the method determined by such study shall be applied
each Year consistently.  The method selected must be approved by
Pertamina, and such approval can be reviewed periodically by
Pertamina and the Contractors.

3.   Interest Recovery

     Interest on loans obtained by a Party from Affiliates or
parent companies or from third party non-affiliates at rates not
exceeding prevailing commercial rates for capital investments in
Petroleum Operations may be recoverable as Operating Costs. 
Details of any financing plan and amounts must be included in each
Year's Budget of Operating Costs for the prior approval of
Pertamina.  All other financing must also be approved by Pertamina.

4.   Natural Gas Costs

     Operating Costs directly associated with the production of
Natural Gas will be directly chargeable against Natural Gas
revenues in determining entitlements under Section 6.2.2. 
Operating Costs incurred for production of both Natural Gas and
Crude Oil will be allocated to Natural Gas and Crude Oil based on
the relative value of the products produced for the current Year. 
Common support costs will be allocated on an equitable basis agreed
to by both Parties.  If after commencement of production the
Natural Gas revenues do not permit full recovery of Natural Gas
costs, as outlined above, then the excess costs shall be recovered
from Crude Oil revenues.  Likewise, if excess Crude Oil costs
(Crude Oil costs less Crude Oil revenues) exists, this excess can
be recovered from Natural Gas revenues.  If production of either
Natural Gas or Crude Oil has commenced while the other has not, the
allocable production costs and common support costs will be
allocated in an equitable manner.  Propane and butane fractions
extracted from Natural Gas but not spiked in Crude Oil shall be
deemed as Natural Gas for the purpose of accounting.

5.   Inventory Accounting

     The costs of non-capital items purchased for inventory will be
recoverable at such time the items have landed in Indonesia.

6.   Insurance and Claims 

     Operating Costs shall include premiums paid for insurance
normally required to be carried for the Petroleum Operations
relating to Contractors' obligations conducted under the Contract,
together with all expenditures incurred and paid in settlement of
any and all losses, claims, damages, judgments, and other expenses,
including fees relating to Contractors' obligation under the
Contract.


<PAGE>
                                 CONTENTS


Section                                                         Page

    I Scope and Definitions                                 2

   II Term                                                  5

  III Exclusion of Areas                                    5

   IV Work Program and Expenditures                         6

    V Rights and Obligations of the Parties                 6

   VI Recovery of Investment Credit and 
      Operating Costs and Handling of Production           11

  VII Valuation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas               15

 VIII Compensation and Production Bonuses                  18

   IX Payments and Currency                                19

    X Title to Equipment                                   19

   XI Consultation and Arbitration                         20

  XII Employment and Training of Indonesian Personnel      20

 XIII Termination                                          21

  XIV Books and Accounts and Audits                        21

   XV Other Provisions                                     22

  XVI Effectiveness                                        24

Exhibit "A":Map of Contract Area                          A-1

Exhibit "B":Description of Contract Area                  B-1

Exhibit "C":Accounting Procedure                          C-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.29
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>BADAK IV LNG SALES CONTRACT
<TEXT>

                       BADAK IV LNG SALES CONTRACT

     This Badak IV LNG Sales Contract (the "Contract"), dated as of
the ____ day of ____________, 1990, is made by and between
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA), a
state enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia ("Seller"), on the
one hand,

   and

OSAKA GAS CO., LTD. ("Osaka Gas"), TOKYO GAS CO., LTD. ("Tokyo
Gas") and TOHO GAS CO., LTD. ("Toho Gas"), all corporations
organized and existing under the laws of Japan (hereinafter
referred to individually as "Buyer" and collectively as "Buyers"),
on the other hand.

     In consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein,
Seller and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

     The terms or expressions set forth below will have the
following meanings when used in this Contract and where the context
permits the singular shall include the plural and vice versa:

1.1  Actual Cubic Foot
     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one foot.
1.2  Actual Loading Time
     As defined in Section 4.12(b).
1.3  Affiliate
     As defined in Article 19.
1.4  Allotted Loading Time
     As defined in Section 4.12(a).
1.5  Annual Program
     As defined in Section 12.1(a).
1.6  Arrival Temperature Requirement
     As defined in Section 4.10.
1.7  Authorizations and Approvals
     As defined in Article 26.
1.8  Badak Facility
     As defined in Section 5.2.
1.9  Base Rate
     The rate of interest announced from time to time to the press
     by Citibank, N.A., New York ("Citibank") as Citibank's base
     rate. The base rate may not be the lowest rate charged by
     Citibank to its borrowers. If there is any doubt as to the
     Base Rate for any period, a written confirmation signed by an
     officer of Citibank shall conclusively establish the Base Rate
     in effect for such period. In the event that Citibank shall
     for any reason cease quoting a base rate as described above,
     then a comparable rate shall be determined using rates then in
     effect and shall be used in place of the said base rate.

1.10 British Thermal Unit (BTU)
     The amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one
     avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.0 degrees Fahrenheit
     to 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit at an absolute pressure of 14.696
     pounds per square inch. MMBTU means one million (1,000,000)
     BTU's.

1.11 Business Day in Japan
     Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays, National Holidays
     (including compensatory days), and January 2 and 3.

1.12 Buyer's Facilities
     For the purposes of Section 15.1(a)(v) in respect of any
     Buyer, the Receiving Facilities of such Buyer and such other
     facilities directly related to the use of LNG which, if not
     operational, would reduce the amount of LNG which such Buyer
     is able to receive hereunder.

1.13 Buyers' Representative
     Such entity or entities from time to time designated by Buyers
     pursuant to Article 18.

1.14 Buyers' Transportation Agreement
     The Transportation Agreement between Buyers and Buyers'
     Transporter for transporting LNG delivered under this
     Contract.

1.15 Buyers' Transporter
     The Transporter designated in Buyers' Transportation
     Agreement.

1.16 Certificate
     As defined in Section 3.2(a).

1.17 Conditions of Use
     As defined in Section 4.4(c).

1.18 Contract Sales Price
     As defined in Section 8.1.

1.19 Cubic Meter (CBM)
     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
     meter.

1.20 DA Period
     A Fixed Quantity Period in relation to which a Downward
     Adjustment is exercised pursuant to Section 7.1(d).

1.21 Delivery Point
     The point at the Loading Port at which the flange coupling of
     Seller's loading line joins the flange coupling of the LNG
     loading manifold on board any LNG Tanker.

1.22 Downward Adjustment
     As defined in Section 7.1(d).

1.23 ETA
     Estimated time of arrival as defined in Section 4.6(a).

1.24 Financing
     As defined in Article 26.

1.25 Fixed Quantity
     As defined in Section 7.1(a).

1.26 Fixed Quantity Notice
     As defined in Section 7.1(c).

1.27 Fixed Quantity Period
     As defined in Section 7.1(a).

1.28 Force Majeure
     As defined in Section 15.1.

1.29 Force Majeure Deficiency
     As defined in Section 7.6(a).

1.30 Gas Supply Area
     The areas in East Kalimantan, Indonesia covered by production
     sharing contracts between Seller and Seller's Suppliers.

1.31 G.P.A.
     Gas Processors Association.

1.32 Gross Heating Value
     The quantity of heat, expressed in British Thermal Units,
     produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic foot
     of anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit
     and an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch,
     with the air at the same temperature and pressure as the gas,
     after cooling the products of the combustion to the initial
     temperature of the gas and air, and after condensation of the
     water formed by combustion.

1.33 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
     Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling point
     and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

1.34 LNG Tanker
     An ocean-going vessel, meeting the requirements of Section
     4.2, suitable for transporting LNG, which is used by Buyers
     for transportation of LNG delivered under this Contract.

1.35 Loading Port
     The port located at the Badak Facility.

1.36 Make-Up LNG
     As defined in Section 7.5.

1.37 Natural Gas
     Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons consisting
     essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-
     combustible gases in a gaseous state and which is extracted
     from the subsurface of the earth in its natural state,
     separately or together with liquid hydrocarbons.

1.38 Ninety-Day Schedule
     As defined in Section 12.2.

1.39 Notice of Readiness
     As defined in Section 4.9.

1.40 Omnibus Agreement
     As defined in Section 4.4(c).

1.41 Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
     Reserves which have been proved to a high degree of certainty
     by reason of actual completion, successful testing or in
     certain cases by adequate core analyses, and which are defined
     areally by reasonable geological interpretation of structure
     and known continuity of oil- or gas-saturated material.

1.42 Quantity Deficiency
     As defined in Section 7.3(a).

1.43 Receiving Facilities
     As defined in Section 5.1.

1.44 Restoration Quantities
     As defined in Section 7.6(a).

1.45 Round-Up Request
     As defined in Section 7.3(a)(ii).

1.46 Seller's Facilities
     For the purposes of Section 15.1(a)(iv), Natural Gas
     reservoirs or production facilities in the field, the
     facilities for transportation of Natural Gas from the field,
     and the Badak Facility.

1.47 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
     From time to time on any given date the amount of Natural Gas
     required to satisfy the remaining obligations of Seller on
     such date to supply LNG or Natural Gas from the Gas Supply
     Area plus the amount of Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area
     required to supply any additional commitment or commitments
     which Seller anticipates making.

1.48 Seller's Suppliers
     In respect of portions of the LNG to be sold hereunder:
     (a)  Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
          OPICOIL IJV, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union
          Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
          Company, Inc. and Virginia International Company;
     (b)  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.; and
     (c)  Unocal Indonesia Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.;
     and any successors and assigns of any of the aforesaid
     suppliers who shall have agreed in writing to be bound by all
     of the obligations of their respective assignors under the
     applicable agreement with Seller under which such suppliers
     make available for sale hereunder their respective interests
     in the quantities of LNG to be sold hereunder.

1.49 Seller's Transportation Agreement
     That certain Transportation Agreement made as of September 23,
     1973, as amended, by and between Burmah Gas Transport Limited
     and Seller.

1.50 Seller's Transporter
     Burmah Gas Transport Limited or its successors or assigns
     under Seller's Transportation Agreement.
1.51 Standard Cubic Foot (scf)
     The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor, occupying a
     volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a temperature of 60.0
     degrees Fahrenheit and at an absolute pressure of 14.696
     pounds per square inch.

1.52 Statement of Cooling Time
     As defined in Section 4.10.

1.53 Take-or-Pay Quantity
     As defined in Section 7.5.

1.54 Unloading Ports
     The ports at locations in or near Tokyo, Nagoya, Osaka and 
     Himeji, and at such other locations in Japan as may be agreed
     between Seller and Buyers, where the Receiving Facilities are
     or will be constructed.

1.55 Waiver Agreement
     As defined in Section 4.4(c).

1.56 Year 21 Quantity
     As defined in Section 7.1(d)(iv).

ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE

     Seller agrees to sell and deliver to each Buyer at the
Delivery Point, and each Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay
for, and to pay for if not taken, LNG, in the quantities, at the
price and in accordance with the other terms and conditions set
forth in this Contract.

ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

3.1  Sources of Supply
     The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and
     delivered hereunder is to be produced from the Gas Supply
     Area. Seller has and will maintain throughout the term of this
     Contract the right and ability to perform its obligations
     under this Contract to sell and deliver all quantities of LNG
     to be sold and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding any
     reference to Seller's Suppliers in this Contract, Seller is
     fully responsible for performance of all the obligations of
     Seller hereunder and no contractual default of any of Seller's
     Suppliers shall excuse Seller from its full responsibility
     hereunder.

3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas
     (a)  Seller has furnished Buyers with statements, each
          entitled "Certificate" and each dated January 31, 1986 or
          May 1, 1989, of DeGolyer and MacNaughton expressing its
          estimate of Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
          Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area. Seller represents
          that such estimated quantity is in excess of Seller's Gas
          Supply Obligation as of the date of this Contract.
          Hereafter and throughout the term of this Contract,
          before committing additional Natural Gas from the Gas
          Supply Area to sale or other utilization, Seller shall
          secure from an independent petroleum engineering
          consultant firm of recognized standing in the petroleum
          industry, qualified by reputation and experience in
          estimating reserves of oil and natural gas in subsurface
          reservoirs, the written statements (the "Certificate") of
          such firm expressing its estimate of Proved Remaining
          Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply
          Area in an amount at least equal to Seller's Gas Supply
          Obligation. Seller shall provide Buyers with copies of
          each Certificate of such independent petroleum
          engineering consultant firm on which Seller relies in
          making any such commitment for supply of Natural Gas from
          the Gas Supply Area. Seller shall also furnish all
          supporting documentation provided by such independent
          petroleum engineering consultant firm in connection with
          the issuance of such Certificate.

     (b)  If, during the term of this Contract, Seller obtains
          information which indicates unforeseen adverse changes in
          the Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas
          in the Gas Supply Area, Seller shall promptly inform
          Buyers of such situation and shall further inform Buyers
          of any measures which Seller may be required to take in
          fulfilment of its obligations under this Contract.

ARTICLE 4 - LOADING AND TRANSPORTATION

4.1  Buyers' Obligation to Provide Transportation
     Buyers shall provide, or cause to be provided, the
     transportation required to transport all quantities of LNG to
     be sold and delivered hereunder from the Loading Port.

4.2  LNG Tankers
     Buyers shall at all times provide, maintain and operate, or
     cause to be provided, maintained and operated, for their
     performance under this Contract, LNG Tankers compatible with
     the marine facilities of the Badak Facility of the following
     dimensions:
     length up to approximately two hundred ninety (290) meters
     width up to approximately forty-eight (48) meters draft up to
     approximately eleven and one-tenth (11.1) meters, which LNG
     Tankers shall be designed and at all times equipped and manned
     so as safely to permit the loading of a full cargo in
     approximately twelve (12) hours of pumping time and to accept
     cargo at a rate up to approximately eleven thousand (11,000)
     CBM per hour being the full design pumping rate of Seller's
     loading pumps (which rate shall be subject to revision after
     mutual agreement). The provisions of this Contract applicable
     to LNG Tankers shall apply whether any LNG Tanker is owned and
     operated by the Buyers or otherwise.

4.3  Loading Port Facilities
     Seller shall at all times provide, maintain and operate, or
     cause to be provided, maintained and operated, for its
     performance under this Contract, facilities at the Loading
     Port, including the following:
     (A)  a berth and port facilities, including a channel and
          turning basin, all (together with a holding anchorage
          which Seller shall cause to be designated) capable of
          receiving an LNG Tanker of the dimensions set forth in
          Section 4.2, where such LNG Tanker may safely proceed to,
          lie at and depart from, always afloat at all times of the
          tide;

     (B)  loading facilities capable of loading LNG at an
          approximate rate of ten thousand (10,000) CBM per hour at
          a normal operating pressure of about forty-two and one-
          half pounds per square inch gauge (42.5 psig) at the
          Delivery Point. In any event, pressure at the Delivery
          Point shall not exceed one hundred twenty pounds per
          square inch gauge (120 psig);

     (C)  a boil-off gas return system capable of receiving boil-
          off gas from an LNG Tanker at the rate required for the
          loading of LNG at the rate specified in Section 4.3(B);

     (D)  shore tanks and loading lines for liquid nitrogen;
          pipelines and connections for the supply of fresh water;
          and

     (E)  appropriate systems necessary for radio and telex
          communications with the LNG Tankers.

     Seller shall not be obligated to provide facilities for repair
of LNG Tankers.

4.4  Loading Port Obligations
     (a)  LNG Tankers shall utilize the Loading Port facilities
          subject to observance of all relevant port regulations.
          Any tugs, pilots or escort vessels required (or other
          support vessels required in connection with the safe
          berthing of an LNG Tanker) shall be employed at the sole
          risk and expense of the LNG Tanker. Prior to each
          loading, Buyers' Transporter shall be responsible for
          determining the availability of any nitrogen, fuel, water
          and other utilities required by the LNG Tankers at the
          Loading Port, which will be provided by Seller on an as
          available basis for Buyers' Transporter's account. 

     (b)  Buyers and/or Buyers' Transporter shall be responsible
          for payment of amounts due for supplies and services
          requested by masters of LNG Tankers and for normal port
          charges to the extent such charges are uniformly applied
          to all LNG vessels receiving exports of LNG from the
          Loading Port.

     (c)  Conditions of Use for Bontang, Selatan LNG Marine
          Terminal ("Conditions of Use") will be signed by the
          Master of each LNG Tanker before using the Loading Port
          facilities. The Conditions of Use shall be modified by an
          Omnibus Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers and
          Buyers' Transporter (the "Omnibus Agreement") and a
          Waiver Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers,
          Buyers' Transporter and Buyers (the "Waiver Agreement"),
          in the same form and substance as hitherto executed in
          connection with the use of the Loading Port by other LNG
          vessels. Prior to the first sale and delivery of LNG
          under this Contract, Seller shall sign and cause Seller's
          Suppliers to sign the Omnibus Agreement and Waiver
          Agreement, Buyers shall sign and cause Buyers'
          Transporter to sign the Waiver Agreement, and Buyers
          shall cause Buyers' Transporter to sign the Omnibus
          Agreement.

     (d)  In the interests of the smooth and timely performance of
          Buyers' obligation to provide transportation of LNG sold
          and purchased under this Contract, Seller shall provide
          assistance to Buyers, Buyers' Transporter and Buyers'
          Representative in obtaining equipment, supplies, services
          and assistance, similar to and upon the same terms as the
          assistance provided by Seller to the other LNG vessels
          using the Loading Port.

4.5  Cargo Loading
     (a)  The LNG to be sold and purchased hereunder shall be
          pumped into an LNG Tanker at the expense of Seller
          through manifold strainers of sixty (60) mesh (or such
          other mesh as shall be agreed from time to time by the
          parties) provided by the LNG Tanker and, absent agreement
          of the parties or an unavoidable circumstance or
          circumstances, shall be in full cargo lots.

     (b)  There shall be no charge for any natural gas boiled-off
          from the LNG Tankers while berthed at the Loading Port
          that is returned to shore. The LNG Tankers shall compress
          such boil-off gas to the extent required to maintain the
          gas pressure in the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks and the
          boil-off gas return line within allowable operating
          limits during loading, and Seller shall operate the boil-
          off gas return system in a manner that will permit the
          gas pressure in the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks to be
          maintained within the allowable operating limits of such
          tanks.

4.6  Notifications of Estimated Time of Arrival at Loading Port and
Cooling Requirements
     (a)  Buyers shall give Seller notice by telex or facsimile of
          the date and hour on which each LNG Tanker departs from
          an Unloading Port or drydock/repair port and the
          estimated time of arrival ("ETA") at the Loading Port.
          Said notice shall be submitted immediately after the LNG
          Tanker's departure from the Unloading Port or
          drydock/repair port. Buyers shall include in such notice
          to Seller a statement of:
          (i)  The estimated quantity of LNG that will be required
               to cool the tanks to permit continuous loading of
               LNG and the estimated time that will be required
               for such cooling, both of which will be based upon
               the date the LNG Tanker is expected to commence
               loading.

          (ii) Any operational deficiencies in the LNG Tanker that
               may affect its port performance.

          (iii)     Requirements for nitrogen, fuel, water and
                    other utilities.

               Buyers shall arrange for the LNG Tanker's master to
               notify Seller regarding any change in the ETA of
               twelve (12) hours or more. If the LNG Tanker's
               cargo tanks should require cooling or if the
               cooling or utilities requirements or the condition
               of the LNG Tanker should change on account of
               circumstances discovered after transmittal of the
               notice required by this Section 4.6(a), the master
               of the LNG Tanker shall give prompt notice thereof
               to Seller, setting forth the information required
               by the second preceding sentence, or amending any
               such information previously given to Seller.

     (b)  Seventy-two (72) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival
          at the Loading Port, the LNG Tanker's master shall give
          notice by telex to Seller stating its then ETA. If this
          ETA changes by more than six (6) hours, the LNG Tanker's
          master shall give notice of the corrected ETA promptly to
          Seller.

     (c)  Forty-eight (48) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival
          at the Loading Port, the LNG Tanker's master shall give
          notice by telex to Seller confirming or amending the last
          ETA notice. If this ETA changes by more than six (6)
          hours, the LNG Tanker's master shall give notice of the
          corrected ETA promptly to Seller.

     (d)  Twenty-four (24) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival
          at the Loading Port, an ETA notice shall be sent by telex
          and radio to Seller confirming or amending the last ETA
          notice. If this ETA changes by more than two (2) hours,
          the LNG Tanker's master shall give notice of the
          corrected ETA promptly to Seller.

     (e)  A final ETA notice shall be sent by telex and radio five
          (5) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival at the
          Loading Port.

4.7  Berthing Assignments
     Seller shall determine the berthing sequence of vessels at the
     Loading Port in order to best ensure compliance with the
     overall loading schedule of the Badak Facility (including the
     Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedules hereunder), and shall
     notify the masters of LNG Tankers via the ship's agent of
     their berthing priority upon receipt of Notice of Readiness.

4.8  Vessels Not Ready for Loading
     (a)  If an LNG Tanker arrives which is not ready to load for
          any reason, Seller may or may not allow it to berth. In
          the case of an LNG Tanker only requiring cooldown to be
          ready to load, Seller shall not defer berthing by reason
          thereof if either such cooldown was provided for in the
          most recent Ninety-Day Schedule or the cooldown time is
          not expected to exceed six (6) hours. Whenever Buyers
          notify Seller that an LNG Tanker will require cooldown,
          Seller shall make provision therefor in the Ninety-Day
          Schedule as soon as Seller can do so without disrupting
          the overall loading schedule or operations of the Badak
          Facility.

     (b)  If any LNG Tanker previously believed to be ready for
          loading or cooling is found to be unready after being
          berthed, Seller may direct the master to vacate the berth
          and proceed to anchorage, whether or not other vessels
          are awaiting a berth, unless it appears reasonably
          certain that the LNG Tanker at the berth can be readied
          within four (4) hours and Seller has not concluded that
          such LNG Tanker is unsafe.

     (c)  When the LNG Tanker at anchorage is ready, the master
          will notify Seller. Seller shall assign a berth to any
          such LNG Tanker or to any LNG Tanker awaiting cooldown at
          anchorage as soon as Seller is able to do so without
          disrupting Seller's loading requirements or operations.

4.9  Notice of Readiness
     As soon as the LNG Tanker is securely moored at the berth or
     securely anchored awaiting a berth, has received all necessary
     port clearances and is able to receive LNG for loading or
     cooling, the master shall give notice of readiness to Seller
     ("Notice of Readiness"); provided, however, that in the event
     an LNG Tanker should arrive at the Loading Port prior to the
     date established in the Ninety-Day Schedule (and any revisions
     thereof except those made after the LNG Tanker has commenced
     its voyage to the Loading Port unless made as a result of
     delays caused by the operations of the LNG Tankers), Notice of
     Readiness shall be deemed effective at the earlier of:
          (i)  0:00 a.m. local time on the scheduled loading date,
or
          (ii) the time loading commences.

4.10 Tank Temperature for Loading and Statement of Cooling Time
     Buyers shall cause Buyers' Transporter after each discharge of
     a cargo at an Unloading Port to retain on board each LNG
     Tanker sufficient LNG, based on normal operations of the LNG
     Tanker (subject to making adequate provision for any LNG
     Tanker mechanical problems of which Buyers' Transporter is
     aware), to maintain, for a period of not less than twenty-four
     (24) hours after the later of:
     (i)  the actual arrival, or

     (ii) 0:00 a.m. local time on the scheduled loading date
          (ignoring any revision to such date made after the LNG
          Tanker has commenced its voyage to the Loading Port) of
          such LNG Tanker at the Loading Port, a temperature in the
          cargo tanks to permit continuous loading of LNG ("Arrival
          Temperature Requirement"); provided, however, that the
          Arrival Temperature Requirement shall not apply upon
          entry into service or in cases where the LNG Tanker
          proceeds from a drydock/repair port to the Loading Port.
          When an LNG Tanker requires cooling, the master or
          Buyers' Representative shall so inform Seller first at
          the time of the first notice under Section 4.6(a) and
          second at the time of the Notice of Readiness. After the
          LNG Tanker has been cooled, the representatives of both
          Buyers and Seller shall sign a statement of cooling time
          ("Statement of Cooling Time").

4.11 Quantities for Purging and Cooling of Tanks
     Quantities of LNG required to purge and cool each LNG Tanker
     to the temperature that will permit continuous loading of LNG
     shall be delivered by Seller without charge to Buyers upon the
     initial entry of such LNG Tanker into service and upon its
     return to service after each annual scheduled maintenance
     period (except that for a vessel temporarily in service as an
     LNG Tanker to receive such quantities of LNG without charge to
     Buyers, such vessel must remain in service for a period of not
     less than four (4) continuous months). All other LNG required
     by the LNG Tankers for purging and cooling shall be sold,
     delivered and invoiced by Seller and paid for by the Buyer (or
     its designee) scheduled to receive the cargo of LNG next to be
     loaded at the Contract Sales Price applicable to such cargo,
     except that where any LNG Tanker having met the Arrival
     Temperature Requirement needs purging or cooldown due to an
     event which does not extend Allotted Loading Time under
     Section 4.12(c), then the LNG required in connection therewith
     shall be provided without charge. Such price shall be applied
     to the total liquid quantities delivered for purging and
     cooling, measured before evaporation of any part thereof
     occurs. The parties will determine by mutual agreement the
     rates and pressures for delivery of LNG for purging and
     cooling and the method for determining quantities used for
     such operations. Quantities of LNG used to bring the LNG
     Tankers to a temperature permitting continuous loading of LNG
     shall not be applied against the quantities required to be
     sold by Seller and taken, or paid for if not taken, by Buyers
     under other provisions of this Contract.

4.12 Loading Time
     (a)  The allotted loading time for Seller to load each LNG
          Tanker ("Allotted Loading Time") shall be twenty-four
          (24) hours, subject to adjustment as provided below.

     (b)  The actual loading time for each LNG Tanker ("Actual
          Loading Time") shall commence (i) six (6) hours after the
          time when the Notice of Readiness is received or deemed
          to be effective, as defined in Section 4.9, or (ii) when
          the LNG Tanker is "all fast alongside" the berth and
          ready to receive cooldown LNG or cargo, whichever first
          occurs, and shall end when the loading and return lines
          of the LNG Tanker are disconnected from the Seller's
          loading and return lines and all cargo papers necessary
          for departure required to be furnished by Seller are
          delivered on board in proper form and the LNG Tanker is
          permitted to proceed to sea.

     (c)  Allotted Loading Time shall be extended to include:
          (i)  The period during which proceeding from the
               anchorage, berthing, loading or clearing of the LNG
               Tanker to proceed to sea after completion of
               loading is delayed, hindered or suspended by a
               Buyer, Buyers' Transporter, LNG Tanker's master,
               port authority or any third party for reasons of
               safety, weather or otherwise and over which Seller
               has no control;

          (ii) The period of any delays attributable to the
               operation of an LNG Tanker, including the period of
               time such LNG Tanker:
               (1)  awaits a berth by reason of the exercise by
                    Seller of its rights under Section 4.8, or
               (2)  receives LNG for purging and cooldown, except
                    when:
                    (A)  the LNG Tanker met the Arrival
                         Temperature Requirement, and
                    (B)  the purging and cooldown is not due to an
                         event which extends Allotted Loading Time
                         under this Section 4.12(c);

          (iii)     Any period during which berthing or loading of
                    an LNG Tanker is delayed, hindered or
                    suspended by reason of Force Majeure pursuant
                    to Article 15; and
          (iv) Any period of delay caused by occupancy of the
               berth:
               (A)  By a previous LNG Tanker, provided such
                    occupancy is for reasons attributable to such
                    LNG Tanker;
               (B)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or another
                    vessel on its scheduled loading date (ignoring
                    any change in the schedule of the vessel
                    occupying the berth made after departure of
                    the LNG Tanker from the Unloading Port); or

               (C)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or another
                    vessel that arrived prior to the LNG Tanker
                    when the LNG Tanker arrived after its
                    scheduled loading date (ignoring any change in
                    the LNG Tanker's scheduled loading date after
                    departure of the LNG Tanker from the Unloading
                    Port), except that there shall be no addition
                    to Allotted Loading Time under this clause (C)
                    either:
                    (1)  for any period in excess of twenty-four
                         (24) hours, or
                    (2)  if the LNG Tanker arrived more than
                         twenty-four (24) hours prior to 0:00 a.m.
                         local time on the scheduled loading date
                         of the vessel occupying the berth (unless
                         loading of such vessel was necessary in
                         order to maintain production of the
                         liquefaction facilities).
4.13 Demurrage
     (a)  If Actual Loading Time exceeds Allotted Loading Time (as
          extended in accordance with Section 4.12) in loading any
          LNG Tanker, Seller shall pay to Buyers demurrage at the
          daily rate provided in Buyers' Transportation Agreement,
          but not to exceed the daily demurrage rate payable by
          Seller under Seller's Transportation Agreement, for each
          day or portion thereof.

     (b)  Buyers shall invoice Seller for amounts due under this
          Section 4.13 and Seller shall pay the invoice in
          accordance with Article 10.
 
     (c)  Under Buyers' Transportation Agreement, demurrage
          payments to Buyers' Transporter in any calendar year will
          be subject to refund to the extent that the aggregate of
          demurrage payments and freight payments received by
          Buyers' Transporter exceeds the minimum amount required
          to be paid under Buyers' Transportation Agreement for
          transportation of the Fixed Quantities in such calendar
          year. If Buyers receive from Buyers' Transporter any such
          refund, Buyers shall promptly pay to Seller a portion
          thereof calculated by multiplying the total refund by a
          fraction, the numerator of which is the amount paid by
          Seller in respect of demurrage hereunder during the year
          and the denominator of which is the total amount received
          by Buyers' Transporter in respect of demurrage during
          such year.

4.14 Effect of Loading Port Delays; Transportation Costs
     (a)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
          commencement of loading, for a reason which would not
          result in an extension of Allotted Loading Time under
          Section 4.12(c), and if as a result of such reason the
          commencement of loading is delayed beyond thirty (30)
          hours after Notice of Readiness has been given, then for
          each full hour by which commencement of loading is
          delayed beyond such thirty-hour period, Seller shall pay
          Buyer or its designee for boil-off during such delay at
          the Contract Sales Price applicable to the cargo of LNG
          next to be loaded. The hourly BTU boil-off rate to be
          applied for such purpose shall be determined by actual
          average boil-off experience of the LNG Tankers as
          determined at appropriate intervals, but the total boil-
          off during such delay shall never exceed the quantity of
          LNG on board the LNG Tanker at the commencement of the
          said thirty-hour period. Buyers shall invoice Seller for
          amounts due under this Section 4.14(a) and Seller shall
          pay the invoice in accordance with Article 10.

     (b)  If there should become due from Buyers to Buyers'
          Transporter at any time any of the following, namely:
          (i)  Any payment or payments on account of non-
               utilization of an LNG Tanker resulting from an
               event or circumstance of Force Majeure affecting
               Seller caused by an LNG vessel other than an LNG
               Tanker which payment or payments:
               (A)  shall not exceed, on a daily basis, the daily
                    demurrage rate provided in Section 4.13 for
                    the first ninety (90) days, and

               (B)  shall be payable for any days in excess of one
                    hundred eighty (180) days of such LNG Tanker
                    non-utilization caused by such Force Majeure
                    affecting Seller at the rate provided in
                    Buyers' Transportation Agreement, provided
                    that should Buyers' Transportation Agreement
                    be terminated with respect to the LNG Tanker
                    by reason of such event of Force Majeure, the
                    payment shall be equal to the termination
                    payment provided for in Buyers' Transportation
                    Agreement, and provided further that the basis
                    for calculating all payments referred to in
                    this clause (B) is reasonable when compared
                    with the obligations of Seller under Seller's
                    Transportation Agreement in the same
                    circumstances; in any event the amount payable
                    under this clause (i) shall not exceed the
                    maximum amount then available by way of P. and
                    I. cover in respect of the LNG vessel causing
                    the damage, and if amounts in respect of all
                    damages resulting from the incident which
                    would be recoverable by Seller from such P.
                    and I. cover exceed the maximum amount then
                    available by way of P. and I. cover, then
                    there shall be a proportionate reduction in
                    the amount payable under this clause (i) so
                    that such reduced amount bears the same
                    relationship to the maximum amount then
                    available by way of P. and I. cover as the
                    amount otherwise payable hereunder would bear
                    to the total amount of Seller's damages
                    resulting from the incident which are
                    recoverable from such P. and I. cover,
                    provided that Seller agrees not to include in
                    claims of Seller for damage caused to the
                    Badak Facility by an LNG vessel other than an
                    LNG Tanker any amounts paid or payable by
                    Seller to Seller's Transporter on account of
                    non-utilization of such LNG vessel or other
                    LNG vessels of Seller's Transporter; or
          (ii) Any payment or payments on account of Buyers'
               failure to provide Buyers' Transporter with the
               minimum quantities of LNG required under Buyers'
               Transportation Agreement, if the deficiency is
               caused by the failure of Seller to satisfy its
               obligations under this Contract, excluding,
               however, any payment or payments as a result of
               delay in the commencement of deliveries of LNG as
               contemplated by Section 7.1(b); then, if and to the
               extent that the amount payable to Buyers'
               Transporter has not been paid and is not payable to
               Buyers under Section 4.13, such amount shall be
               paid to Buyers by Seller. This paragraph (b) shall
               not require Seller to pay any amount which becomes
               payable to Buyers' Transporter as the result of an
               event or circumstance of Force Majeure affecting
               Buyers, or as the result of Buyers' breach of their
               obligations under this Contract. It is understood
               that no amount will be payable by Seller under this
               paragraph (b) by reason of non-utilization of an
               LNG Tanker caused by the fault or negligence of
               such LNG Tanker or Buyers' Transporter. Any
               payments under this Section 4.14(b) shall be in
               such amounts as reflect any credits to Buyers for
               other revenues earned by the LNG Tanker during the
               period of Force Majeure.

          Buyer shall invoice Seller for payments under this
          paragraph (b) and Seller shall pay those invoices in
          accordance with Article 10.

ARTICLE 5 - ONSHORE FACILITIES

5.1  Receiving Facilities
     Buyers have heretofore constructed or will construct LNG
     receiving terminal facilities at the Unloading Ports
     including, without limitation, berthing and unloading
     facilities, LNG storage tanks, vessel services facilities and
     regasification plants (the "Receiving Facilities").

5.2  Badak Facility
     Seller has heretofore constructed or will construct at
     Bontang, East Kalimantan, liquefaction plant facilities to be
     used by Seller, including, without limitation, gas
     transmission pipelines, processing facilities, storage tanks,
     utilities, berthing and loading facilities (the "Badak
     Facility").

ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

     This Contract shall come into force and effect as of and from
the date hereof and shall continue in effect until the expiration
of the parties' respective obligations to sell and purchase LNG as
provided in Article 7 or the earlier termination of this Contract
pursuant to Section 10.5 or Article 26. If Seller and any Buyer or
Buyers so agree at least five (5) years before the time this
Contract would otherwise expire, the term of this Contract as to
such Buyer or Buyers may be extended on such terms and conditions
as may be mutually agreed.

ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

7.1  Fixed Quantities
     (a)  During each calendar year specified below (each such
          period being called a "Fixed Quantity Period"), Seller
          shall sell and deliver to each Buyer, and each Buyer
          shall purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for if not
          taken, at the Contract Sales Price, a quantity of LNG
          having a heating value as specified for such Buyer for
          such Fixed Quantity Period (each such quantity being
          called a "Fixed Quantity") as follows:







            Calendar     Fixed Quantities for Each Buyer 
            Year                (billions of BTU's)
                         Osaka     Tokyo    Toho    Total
                         Gas       Gas      Gas

            1994         41,496    31,122   5,187   77,805
            1995         46,683    33,715.5 5,187   85,585.5
            1996         51,870    36,309   5,187   93,366
            1997-2013    57,057    41,496   5,187   103,740

          The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment as
          provided in Sections 7.1(b), 7.1(c), 7.1(d), 7.1(e),
          7.3(a)(i) and 7.3(a)(iii). After giving effect to any
          such adjustment, the term "Fixed Quantity" shall mean the
          applicable Fixed Quantity as so adjusted, and the
          respective obligations of Seller to sell and deliver, and
          each Buyer to purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for
          if not taken, Fixed Quantities of LNG in any Fixed
          Quantity Period, shall apply to the applicable Fixed
          Quantities as so adjusted.

     (b)  If Seller anticipates any difficulty in supplying any
          part of the Fixed Quantities for 1994 by reason of any
          new stage of the Badak Facility not being completed in
          time, then:
          (i)  to the extent LNG is then available to Seller from
               its existing facilities, Seller shall supply such
               LNG (as Fixed Quantities hereunder) during the
               period prior to such completion, and

          (ii) if no or insufficient LNG can be made available,
               then the parties shall consult and agree upon
               reductions in Fixed Quantities for the 1994 Fixed
               Quantity Period.
     (c)  Buyers shall be entitled to increase the Fixed Quantity
          listed in Section 7.1(a) for each Buyer for each Fixed
          Quantity Period by delivery to Seller of a notice (a
          "Fixed Quantity Notice") as follows:

          (i)  The Fixed Quantity Notice for such increase, if
               any, for the Fixed Quantity Period in each of 1994,
               1995 and 1996 shall be given to Seller on or before
               September 1, 1993, specifying for each Buyer the
               Fixed Quantity for each such Fixed Quantity Period.
               The Fixed Quantity of a Buyer for any such Fixed
               Quantity Period shall not be less than the Fixed
               Quantity for the last preceding period.

          (ii) The Fixed Quantity Notice for such increase, if
               any, for the Fixed Quantity Period in each of the
               years from 1997 through 2013 shall be given to
               Seller on or before September 1, 1996, specifying
               for each Buyer the Fixed Quantity for each such
               Fixed Quantity Period. The Fixed Quantity for a
               Buyer for the Fixed Quantity Period in each of the
               years 1998 to 2013 shall be equal to the Fixed
               Quantity for such Buyer for the Fixed Quantity
               Period in 1997. If  Buyers deliver a Fixed Quantity
               Notice pursuant to subparagraph (i) above in which
               a Buyer's Fixed Quantity for 1996 is greater than
               the amount of its Fixed Quantity for 1997 listed in
               Section 7.1(a), then Buyers shall deliver a Fixed
               Quantity Notice which provides for a Fixed Quantity
               for such Buyer for the Fixed Quantity Periods for
               the years 1997 through 2013 which is not less than
               its Fixed Quantity for the Fixed Quantity Period in
               1996.

          (iii)     Each Fixed Quantity Notice shall be given
                    jointly and signed by all Buyers and shall
                    specify for each Buyer the amount of the Fixed
                    Quantity for each Fixed Quantity Period. Any
                    such notice shall be effective and irrevocable
                    upon Seller's receipt thereof, and the Fixed
                    Quantity of each Buyer thereafter shall be the
                    Fixed Quantity set forth in the Fixed Quantity
                    Notice.

          (iv) The aggregate for all Buyers of the Fixed
               Quantities for any Fixed Quantity Period shall not
               exceed 119,301 billion BTU's.

     (d)  The Fixed Quantity of a Buyer for any Fixed Quantity
          Period may be reduced by the exercise of an adjustment
          ("Downward Adjustment") as follows:
          (i)  Each Buyer shall have the right to exercise a
               Downward Adjustment only by giving notice that is
               received by Seller not later than October 15 of the
               year preceding the DA Period, and/or not later than
               October 31 of the DA Period, subject to the limits
               in subparagraph (ii) below. Each such notice shall
               state that it constitutes an exercise of a Downward
               Adjustment. Notice of exercise of a Downward
               Adjustment shall be effective and irrevocable upon
               Seller's receipt thereof.

          (ii) The total amount by which the Fixed Quantity of a
               Buyer may be reduced shall not exceed ten percent
               (10%) of such Buyer's Fixed Quantity under Section
               7.1(a) (as increased pursuant to any exercise of
               Buyers' entitlement under Section 7.1(c) but
               without any adjustment pursuant to Sections 7.1(b),
               7.1(d)(i), 7.3(a)(i) or 7.3(a)(iii)) for the DA
               Period.

          (iii)     The cumulative aggregate amounts by which a
                    Buyer reduces its Fixed Quantities for all
                    Fixed Quantity Periods shall not exceed, for
                    each Buyer, fifty percent (50%) of such
                    Buyer's Fixed Quantity under Section 7.1(a)
                    (as increased pursuant to any exercise of
                    Buyers' entitlement under Section 7.1(c) but
                    without any adjustment pursuant to Sections
                    7.1(d)(i), 7.1(e), 7.3(a)(i) or 7.3(a)(iii))
                    for the Fixed Quantity Period in 1997.

          (iv) If by notice to Buyers not later than December 31,
               2010 Seller shall so require, each Buyer shall in
               the period prescribed in paragraph (A) below,
               commencing on January 1, 2014, take and pay for a
               quantity of LNG ("Year 21 Quantity") equal to the
               aggregate amount by which such Buyer (by the
               exercise of Downward Adjustments) reduces its Fixed
               Quantities during all Fixed Quantity Periods
               (including the years 2011, 2012 and 2013). For this
               purpose:
     
               (A)  The period within which such Buyer shall take
                    and pay for the Year 21 Quantity shall be a
                    fraction of a year, such fraction calculated
                    as the total Year 21 Quantities (in billions
                    of BTU's) for all Buyers divided by ninety
                    percent (90%) of the total Fixed Quantities
                    under Section 7.1(a) (as increased pursuant to
                    any exercise of Buyers' entitlement under
                    Section 7.1(c) but without any adjustment
                    pursuant to Sections 7.1(d)(i), 7.1(e),
                    7.3(a)(i) or 7.3(a)(iii)) for all Buyers for
                    the Fixed Quantity Period in 1997;

               (B)  Such period shall be a Fixed Quantity Period
                    only for the Year 21 Quantity, and the Year 21
                    Quantity of each Buyer shall be a Fixed
                    Quantity for such Buyer for such period; and

               (C)  The Year 21 Quantity shall be sold and
                    delivered, and purchased and received, under
                    and upon the terms of this Contract, except
                    that Buyers may not exercise a Downward
                    Adjustment in respect thereof.

     (e)  If an event of Force Majeure as to LNG Tankers under
          Section 15.1(b) occurs and, notwithstanding all measures
          taken by Buyers pursuant to Section 15.2(b), Buyers are
          unable either:

          (i)  to resume normal performance within a reasonable
               period of time, or

          (ii) to adopt a plan which, taking into account the then
               existing circumstances, will provide reasonable
               assurance to Seller that normal performance will be
               resumed within a period that will hold the
               resulting Force Majeure Deficiency to a level which
               can be restored within a reasonable period of time
               (thereby minimizing Seller's financial loss and
               relieving the pressure on Buyers to increase the
               quantities to be taken during later Fixed Quantity
               Periods), then Seller and Buyers will consult
               together and in good faith try to reach agreement
               as to what to do.

          If, within a period of nine (9) months from the date on
          which such event of Force Majeure occurred (or, if
          longer, the period ending with the end of the Fixed
          Quantity Period during which such event of Force Majeure
          occurred), Buyers are unable to adopt a plan that meets
          the standards in subparagraph (ii) above and gives
          reasonable assurance to Seller that performance will be
          resumed within the shortest practical time, then:

          (A)  any plan to resume normal performance thereafter
               adopted by Buyers shall be with Seller's consent,
               which shall not unreasonably be withheld, and

          (B)  then, or at any later time before such a plan has
               been adopted, Buyers, at the request of Seller in
               connection with the commitment by Seller to sell to
               third parties all or a portion of the quantities
               for which transportation has not been made
               available, shall agree to the reduction of the
               Fixed Quantities to the extent and for the term of
               such commitment which Seller proposes to make;
               provided that, if after the expiration of such
               period such a plan to resume normal performance is
               adopted by Buyers, Buyers shall no longer be
               obligated to agree to a reduction in Fixed
               Quantities.

7.2  Reallocation of Cargoes; Rate of Deliveries
     (a)  Each Buyer, upon appropriate notice to Seller, may
          reallocate all or part of an LNG Tanker cargo from one
          Buyer to another Buyer.

          In case of such reallocation, the ownership of such cargo
          or part thereof shall be transferred directly from Seller
          to the new Buyer in place of the original Buyer, but the
          respective Fixed Quantities of the Buyers concerned shall
          not be changed and the cargo in question shall be deemed
          to be received by the original Buyer in connection with
          its take or pay obligations provided for in Section 7.3.

          Each such reallocation shall be documented in a form to
          be established by Seller and Buyers, executed by the
          original Buyer and the Buyer which will actually receive
          the cargo, which document will provide that the receiving
          Buyer will assume and be responsible to Seller for
          performance of the obligations of the original Buyer in
          respect of such cargo, and that such cargo is deemed to
          be taken by the original Buyer in connection with its
          take or pay obligations provided for in Section 7.3.

          Buyers will exercise the right to reallocate cargoes in
          a manner that will not materially disrupt the shipping
          schedules at the Badak Facility.

          (b)  Within each Fixed Quantity Period the quantities to
               be delivered by Seller and received by Buyers at
               the Badak Facility shall be delivered and received
               at rates and intervals which are reasonably
               constant over the course of such Fixed Quantity
               Period, after taking into account all commitments
               of the Badak Facility and taking into consideration
               the downtime, shipping and other matters referred
               to in Article 12, so as to assure, as nearly as
               practicable, an even production rate at the Badak
               Facility and an even rate of deliveries at the
               Delivery Point.

7.3  Quantity Deficiency
     (a)  If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, a Buyer should fail
          to take the full Fixed Quantity applicable thereto, such
          Buyer shall pay Seller, at the Contract Sales Price in
          effect as of the last day of such Fixed Quantity Period,
          for the quantities of LNG required to be purchased but
          which were not taken by such Buyer during such Fixed
          Quantity Period (any such quantities being called a
          "Quantity Deficiency"), subject, however, to paragraphs
          (b), (c) and (d) below and the following:

          (i)  If, after taking into account all adjustments
               provided for in Sections 7.3(b), (c) and (d), the
               Quantity Deficiency of a Buyer at the end of any
               Fixed Quantity Period amounts to less than 2.9
               trillion BTU's, the amount of such Quantity
               Deficiency shall be carried forward and added to
               the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for the next
               succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.

          (ii) If, at the time each Annual Program is developed,
               the Quantity Deficiency of a Buyer for the
               applicable year is estimated to amount to less than
               a full cargo, such Buyer shall have the right to
               request an increase in the quantities which such
               Buyer wishes to take in such year in an amount
               sufficient to fill out such cargo (such right being
               herein referred to as a "Round-Up Request"). Any
               such Round-Up Request shall not, however, increase
               the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer. If Buyer does not
               make a Round-Up Request, or if Seller does not
               accept such Round-Up Request, the non-delivery of
               the partial cargo of Fixed Quantity shall not
               constitute a failure of Seller to make LNG
               available for sale for the purpose of paragraph (b)
               below.

          (iii)     If, at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period, a
                    Buyer has purchased and received quantities of
                    LNG hereunder in excess of the Fixed Quantity
                    of such Buyer for such Fixed Quantity Period
                    other than Make-Up LNG or Restoration
                    Quantities, the excess shall be applicable to
                    reduce the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for
                    the next succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.

     (b)  The obligation (set forth in paragraph (a) above) of each
          Buyer with regard to any Fixed Quantity Period to pay for
          Fixed Quantities not taken shall be reduced by the
          quantity of LNG which such Buyer was unable to purchase
          because of an event of Force Majeure affecting either
          Seller or such Buyer or because of Seller's failure for
          any other reason to make such quantity available for sale
          in accordance with this Contract.

     (c)  In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by Seller
          and purchased by a Buyer for each Fixed Quantity Period,
          quantities delivered and purchased within the first seven
          (7) days of the next following Fixed Quantity Period
          shall be included, provided such quantities were
          scheduled in the Annual Program for the Fixed Quantity
          Period with respect to which the calculation is being
          made.

     (d)  A reduction shall be made to any Quantity Deficiency
          equal to the amount by which such Quantity Deficiency
          resulted from a partial loading of an LNG Tanker during
          the relevant Fixed Quantity Period due to reasons
          attributable to Seller.
7.4  Allocation of Deliveries Between Buyers and Other Purchasers
     (a)  Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller under this Contract
          must be reduced by reason of Force Majeure affecting
          Seller's ability to produce or load LNG from the Badak
          Facility, an allocation of quantities then available for
          sale at the Badak Facility will be made between Buyers
          and other purchasers of LNG from the Badak Facility. At
          such times the total quantities available for sale from
          the Badak Facility shall be allocated among the
          purchasers therefrom (including the Buyers) pro rata in
          the ratio of their respective quantities which are
          eligible for allocation as provided below. The quantities
          eligible for such allocation shall, as to Buyers, be the
          Fixed Quantities to be purchased hereunder during the
          period of such Force Majeure and, as to other purchasers,
          be those fixed or contract quantities of LNG which are
          committed for sale from the Badak Facility during the
          period of such Force Majeure in satisfaction of Seller's
          contracts with other purchasers which provide for sales
          of LNG over a term of at least fifteen (15) years.

     (b)  If such Force Majeure does not preclude full production
          and loading of all Fixed Quantities under the allocation
          formula described in paragraph (a) above, but is of such
          an extent as to prevent Seller from producing and loading
          all Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities scheduled for
          delivery from the Badak Facility to Buyers and equivalent
          quantities (including quantities required to make good
          any exercise of an allowance) scheduled for delivery from
          the Badak Facility to other purchasers under LNG sales
          contracts which provide for sales over a term of at least
          fifteen (15) years, quantities of such LNG as are
          available shall be allocated between Buyers and such
          other purchasers in proportion to the respective
          quantities so scheduled.

7.5  Make-Up LNG
     If pursuant to Section 7.3(a) a Buyer shall have paid for any
     quantity of LNG which was not taken by such Buyer ("Take-or-
     Pay Quantity"), then in any subsequent year the said Buyer may
     purchase up to an equal quantity of LNG from Seller as make-up
     LNG ("Make-Up LNG") to the extent not previously made up. A
     Buyer may request Make-Up LNG by giving written notice to
     Seller as provided in Section 12.1. If, during any year for
     which Make-Up LNG has been requested,
     (i)  Seller has uncommitted quantities of LNG available for
such purposes, and

          (ii) such Buyer shall have first taken and paid for its
               Fixed Quantity for such year, then Seller shall
               sell to such Buyer the quantity of Make-Up LNG
               requested.

          A Buyer's right to purchase Make-up LNG under this
          Section 7.5 shall expire twelve (12) months after: 

          (A)  if Buyer is required to purchase a Year 21
               Quantity, the end of the period prescribed in
               Section 7.1(d)(iv)(A), or

          (B)  if Buyer is not required to purchase a Year 21
               Quantity or there is no such quantity for such
               Buyer, the end of the last Fixed Quantity Period,
               unless such Buyer shall have requested Make-Up LNG
               during the preceding twelve (12) months and the
               Make-Up LNG requested shall not have been delivered
               to such Buyer. In such circumstance, the parties
               shall consult and agree upon a deferred schedule
               for Buyer to take delivery of any outstanding
               balance of Take-or-Pay Quantity.

          Each Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG at the Contract
          Sales Price in effect as of the date of delivery, reduced
          by the amount previously paid on account of the Take-or-
          Pay Quantity, or the part thereof, being made up by such
          sale. Take-or-Pay Quantities shall be made up, and prior
          payments applicable thereto applied, in the same
          chronological order in which such quantities accrued.

7.6  Force Majeure Deficiency
     (a)  If during any Fixed Quantity Period or Fixed Quantity
          Periods all or any portion of the Fixed Quantity of LNG
          required to be taken by any Buyer therein is not
          delivered by Seller or taken by such Buyer by reason of
          Force Majeure (any such quantity not taken for such
          reason being called a "Force Majeure Deficiency"), Seller
          and the Buyer or Buyers concerned shall each make best
          efforts to restore the Force Majeure Deficiency in full
          by Seller selling and the Buyer or Buyers purchasing such
          quantities of LNG prior to the expiration of the last
          Fixed Quantity Period. The restoration quantities so
          agreed ("Restoration Quantities") will be scheduled for
          delivery pursuant to Article 12 at the mutual convenience
          of the parties. Such Restoration Quantities shall be
          subordinate to Make-Up LNG requested pursuant to Section
          7.5.

          (b)  If an event of Force Majeure relieves or delays the
               performance by any Buyer of its obligations under
               this Contract and causes a reduction in deliveries
               of LNG, and Seller sells to third parties
               quantities of LNG which Buyers are unable to
               purchase, then the Force Majeure Deficiency shall
               be reduced by the amount, if any, that the Seller's
               Gas Supply Obligation (including amounts so sold to
               third parties) exceeds the estimate of Proved
               Remaining Recoverable Reserves stated in the most
               recent Certificate as a result of such sales.

7.7  Allocation of Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities
     Whenever Make-Up LNG is requested under Section 7.5 and/or
     Restoration Quantities are requested under Section 7.6(a) by
     a Buyer or Buyers, and quantities are requested for similar
     purposes (including quantities required to make good any
     exercise of an allowance) by other purchasers from the Badak
     Facility, and uncommitted quantities of LNG are not available
     from the Badak Facility to meet all such requests, then the
     quantities of LNG which are available from the Badak Facility
     for such purposes shall be allocated, as between such Buyer or
     Buyers on the one hand and such other purchasers on the other
     hand, based on the proportion of the contract quantities of
     each requesting purchaser (including such Buyer or Buyers) to
     the total of the contract quantities of all of the requesting
     purchasers.

ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE

8.1  Contract Sales Price
     The contract sales price ("Contract Sales Price") applicable
     to the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered at the
     Delivery Point and to any quantities of LNG required to be
     taken but which are not taken and are required to be paid for
     by a Buyer under this Contract, expressed in United States
     Dollars per million British Thermal Units (US$/MMBTU), shall
     be determined according to the following formula:

          P = A x I - B
where
     P    =    the Contract Sales Price expressed in US$/MMBTU
     A    =    0.153 (barrel/MMBTU)
     B    =    0.08 (US$/MMBTU)
     I    =    the arithmetic average of the realized export
               prices in U.S. Dollars per barrel, f.o.b.
               Indonesia, of all field classifications of
               Indonesian crude oils then being sold and exported,
               except premiums and except such prices for spot
               sales.

     The Contract Sales Price to be applied to the BTU's comprising
     each cargo shall be that Contract Sales Price in effect as of
     the date of completion of loading of such cargo.

8.2  Determination of "I"
     A redetermination of "I" in the formula in Section 8.1 shall
     be made as of each effective date on which either:

     (i)  the realized export prices (except premiums and except
          prices for spot sales) of more than one of the field
          classifications of Indonesian crude oils then being sold
          and exported shall have changed from the respective
          prices therefor included in the last preceding
          determination of "I" pursuant to this Section 8.2, or

     (ii) two or more field classifications of such crude oils
          shall have been added to or deleted from the field
          classifications of crude oils being exported from
          Indonesia since the date of the last preceding
          determination of "I" made pursuant to this Section 8.2.

          The export price and classification data required to make
          the above determination shall be verified by the Ministry
          of Mines and Energy of the Republic of Indonesia.

ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE

     Delivery shall be deemed completed and title and risk of loss
shall pass from Seller to the purchasing Buyer as the LNG reaches
the Delivery Point.

ARTICLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENT

10.1 Cargo Invoices and Documents
     Promptly after completion of each loading of an LNG Tanker,
     Seller, or its representative, shall furnish to the receiving
     Buyer, or Buyers' Representative, a certificate of volume
     loaded together with such other documents concerning the cargo
     as may be reasonably requested by Buyers for the purpose of
     Japanese customs clearance.

     Seller shall further, within forty-eight (48) hours of
     completing the loading, cause a laboratory analysis to be
     completed to determine the quality and BTU content of the LNG
     and shall promptly furnish Buyer, or Buyers' Representative,
     a certificate with respect thereto together with details of
     the calculation of the number of BTU's sold.

     Promptly upon completion of such analysis and calculation,
     Seller, or its representative, shall furnish by telex or
     telegram to the receiving Buyer an invoice, stated in U.S.
     Dollars, in the amount of the Contract Sales Price for the
     number of BTU's sold together with component mol fractions,
     temperature, pressure and volume delivered. At the same time,
     Seller shall send Buyer a signed copy of the invoice and
     relevant documents showing the basis for the calculation
     thereof.

10.2 Other Invoices
     In the event that any moneys are due from one party to the
     other hereunder, including, without limitation, amounts
     payable pursuant to Section 7.3 on account of Fixed Quantities
     of LNG required to be purchased but which were not taken by a
     Buyer, then the party to whom such moneys are due shall
     furnish or cause to be furnished an invoice by telex or
     telegram therefor and relevant documents showing the basis for
     the calculation thereof. The procedure set forth in Section
     10.1 for sending a signed copy of such invoice shall be
     followed.

10.3 Invoice Due Dates
     Each invoice to a Buyer referred to in Section 10.1 above
     shall become due and payable by such Buyer on the eighth (8th)
     Business Day in Japan after the date on which the invoice
     (which may be in telex or telegraphic form) has been received
     by such Buyer in Japan.

     Each other invoice to a Buyer hereunder shall become due and
     payable by such Buyer on the twentieth (20th) calendar day
     after the date of such Buyer's receipt of such invoice in
     Japan.

     Each invoice to Seller shall become due and payable on the
     fourteenth (14th) calendar day after Seller's receipt thereof.

     If any invoice due date for Buyer is not a Business Day in
     Japan, such invoice shall become due and payable on the next
     day which is a Business Day in Japan.

     In the event the full amount of any invoice is not paid when
     due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, compounded
     annually, from and including the day following the due date up
     to and including the date when payment is made, at an interest
     rate two percent (2%) greater than the Base Rate in effect
     from time to time during the period of delinquency. Such
     interest rate shall be adjusted up or down, as the case may
     be, to reflect any changes in the Base Rate as of the dates of
     such changes in the Base Rate.
10.4 Payment
     Each Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars all
     amounts which become due and payable by such Buyer pursuant to
     any invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account or accounts in
     the United States to be designated by Seller. Seller shall
     pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars all amounts which
     become due and payable by Seller pursuant to any invoice
     issued hereunder to a bank account or accounts in Japan
     designated by and in accordance with instructions issued by
     Buyers. The paying party shall not be responsible for a
     designated bank's disbursement of amounts remitted to such
     bank, and a deposit in immediately available funds of the full
     amount of each invoice with such bank shall constitute full
     discharge and satisfaction of the obligations under this
     Contract for which such amounts were remitted. Each payment of
     any amount owing hereunder shall be in the full amount due
     without reduction or offset for any reason, including, without
     limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank transfer charges.

     Transfer of funds to the Seller's bank in the United States
     effected from Japan before the close of business in Japan on
     or before the due date of any invoice shall be deemed timely
     payment notwithstanding that such U.S. bank cannot credit such
     transfer as immediately available funds for a period of up to
     fourteen (14) hours by reason of the time difference between
     Japan and the United States, or for one or more days which are
     not banking days in the United States.

10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
     If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG sold hereunder
     or for Fixed Quantities of LNG not taken and for which a Buyer
     is obligated to pay pursuant to this Contract is not made in
     accordance with this Contract within sixty (60) days after the
     due date thereof, Seller shall be entitled, upon giving thirty
     (30) days' written notice to such Buyer, to suspend subsequent
     sales to such Buyer until the amount of such invoice and
     interest thereon has been paid, and such Buyer shall not be
     entitled to any make-up rights in respect of such suspended
     sales. If any such invoice is not paid within one hundred
     twenty (120) days after the due date thereof, then, subject to
     the further provisions of this Section 10.5, Seller shall have
     the right, at Seller's election, upon not less than eighty
     (80) days' notice to Buyer or Buyers, as the case may be, to
     exercise either of the following options:

     (i)  Seller may terminate this Contract in respect of the
          defaulting Buyer only, in which event this Contract shall
          continue in effect between Seller and the other Buyers
          just as though the defaulting Buyer had never been a
          party and the quantities of LNG thereafter to be
          purchased and received by such defaulting Buyer had never
          been included in this Contract; or

          (ii) Seller may terminate this Contract in its entirety
               as to Buyers unless prior to such termination
               arrangements shall have been made which are
               satisfactory to Seller for the payment of all
               amounts owed Seller by the defaulting Buyer and for
               the assumption of the LNG quantity and other
               obligations of the defaulting Buyer under this
               Contract by one or more Buyer(s) not defaulting.

          Termination by Seller under clause (i) or (ii) above
          shall become effective upon the date specified in such
          notice from Seller. Any such termination shall be without
          prejudice to any other rights and remedies of Seller
          arising hereunder or by law or otherwise, including the
          right of Seller to receive payment of all obligations and
          claims which arose or accrued prior to such termination
          or by reason of such default by a Buyer or Buyers.

10.6 Disputed Invoices
     In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice, 

     (i)  the invoiced party shall make provisional payment of the
          amount which is believed to be correct and shall
          immediately notify the other of the reasons for such
          disagreement, except that in case of obvious error in
          computation the correct amount shall be paid disregarding
          such error, and

     (ii) the invoiced party shall make provisional payment of the
          amount in dispute to an interest bearing escrow account
          established and controlled jointly by Seller and the
          relevant Buyer. The amount in dispute (including account
          interest thereon) shall remain in the escrow account
          until resolution of the disagreement, after which the
          amount shall be paid to the party entitled thereto. If,
          in the case of disagreement concerning one or more
          Seller's invoices, the amount of payments not in dispute
          is insufficient to permit Seller to meet its periodic
          obligations to its lenders for debt service in respect of
          the Financing, then Seller may pledge its rights in such
          escrow account to lenders as security for such Financing.

          Invoices may be contested or modified only if, within a
          period of ninety (90) days after receipt thereof, Buyer
          or Seller serves notice on the other, questioning their
          correctness. If no such notice is served, invoices shall
          be deemed correct and accepted by both parties. Promptly
          after resolution of any dispute as to an invoice, the
          amount of any overpayment or underpayment shall be paid
          by Seller or Buyer to the other, as the case may be, plus
          interest at the rate provided in Section 10.3 from the
          date payment was due to the date of payment.

ARTICLE 11 - QUALITY

11.1 Gross Heating Value
     The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall have, in a
     gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than 1065 BTU
     per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1165 BTU per
     Standard Cubic Foot. The expected range will be between 1105
     and 1160 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot.

11.2 Components
     The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall, in a gaseous
     state, contain not less than eighty-five molecular percentage
     (85 mol%) of methane (CH4) and, for the components and
     substances listed below, such LNG shall not contain more than
     the following:

     A.   Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 mol%.
     B.   Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 mol%.
     C.   Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 mol%.
     D.   Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100 Standard
          Cubic Feet (0.25 grains/100 scf).
     E.   Total sulfur content, 1.3 grains per 100 Standard Cubic
          Feet (1.3 grains/100 scf).

     Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyers is permitted
     to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in clauses D and E
     above, under normal operating conditions at the Badak
     Facility, Seller would expect such concentrations to be
     materially less.

     Should any question regarding quality of the LNG arise, Buyers
     and Seller shall consult and cooperate concerning such
     question.

ARTICLE 12 - SCHEDULING

12.1 Annual Program
     (a)  Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of
          each calendar year commencing with the year in which the
          first Fixed Quantity Period occurs, Seller shall give
          written notice to Buyers of the anticipated quantities of
          LNG to be available for sale hereunder from the Badak
          Facility for each calendar quarter of the next calendar
          year, specifying any scheduled downtime of the Badak
          Facility. On or before October 15 of each year in which
          such notice is given, each Buyer shall advise Seller in
          writing of:

          (i)  the quantities such Buyer wishes to take during
               each calendar quarter of the following year,
               specifying the amount of any Make-Up LNG and any
               Restoration Quantities (in addition to Fixed
               Quantities) requested pursuant to Article 7, and

          (ii) any planned downtime for Receiving Facilities,
               Buyers' shipping capacity and scheduled drydocking
               for LNG Tankers. 

          Seller and Buyers shall thereupon consult together with
          a view to reaching agreement by December 1st of the same
          year and Seller shall issue a programming schedule,
          including provisional loading dates, for quantities sold
          hereunder to be loaded in full cargo lots at the Badak
          Facility during each calendar month during the following
          year (the "Annual Program"), and in so doing Seller and
          Buyers shall take into consideration the contents of the
          above notices. The Annual Program shall take into account
          Seller's commitments to other purchasers of LNG from the
          Badak Facility. Such Annual Program and the Ninety-Day
          Schedules referred to below (and any revisions thereof)
          are intended to assist the parties in planning their
          respective operations during the periods involved.

     The content of the Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedules
     shall not reduce the entitlement of any party during any Fixed
     Quantity Period to sell and be paid for, or to purchase and
     receive, as the case may be, the quantities of LNG required
     under Article 7 to be sold and paid for during such Fixed
     Quantity Period. Seller and Buyers will each take all
     appropriate steps to carry out each Annual Program and Ninety-
     Day Schedule.

     (b)  An Annual Program shall be amended to reflect requests
          for:

          (i)  Make-Up LNG relating to a Take-or-Pay Quantity paid
               for in respect of the immediately preceding year;
               and/or

          (ii) Restoration Quantities relating to a Force Majeure
               Deficiency arising in respect of the immediately
               preceding year; provided that the requested LNG is
               available and such requests are received by Seller
               not later than January 15 of the year to which such
               Annual Program relates.

     (c)  An Annual Program shall be amended to the extent required
          by the exercise by any Buyer of a Downward Adjustment.

12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules
     Not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each calendar
     month, Seller shall, after discussion with each Buyer, deliver
     to each Buyer a three-month forward plan of loadings (the
     "Ninety-Day Schedule"), which follows the applicable Annual
     Program (or most current draft thereof) as nearly as
     practicable and sets forth the projected dates of loadings for
     each of the next three (3) calendar months. Each Ninety-Day
     Schedule shall reflect all adjustments, if any, necessitated
     by deviation from prior Ninety-Day Schedules so as to maintain
     as far as practicable the loadings forecast in the Annual
     Program. Both parties shall cooperate to facilitate smooth
     performance of the Ninety-Day Schedule. After consultation
     with Buyers, Seller shall revise the Ninety-Day Schedule when
     appropriate to meet operational requirements with the overall
     objective of fulfilling the Annual Program as far as
     practicable, taking into account any requests of Buyers for
     adjustments.

ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS, TESTS AND ANALYSIS

13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
     Buyers shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to be
     supplied, operated and maintained, suitable gauging devices
     for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, density, pressure and
     temperature measuring devices, and any other measurement or
     testing devices which are incorporated in the structure of LNG
     Tankers or customarily maintained on shipboard.

     Seller shall supply, operate and maintain, or caused to be
     supplied, operated and maintained, devices required for
     collecting samples and for determining quality and composition
     of the LNG and any other measurement or testing devices which
     are necessary to perform the measurement and testing required
     hereunder at the Badak Facility.

13.2 Selection of Devices
     All devices provided for in this Article 13 shall be chosen by
     mutual agreement of the parties and shall be such as at the
     time of selection are the most accurate and reliable devices
     in their practical application. The required degree of
     accuracy (which shall in any case be within the permissible
     tolerances defined in Schedule A) of such devices selected
     shall be mutually agreed upon by Buyers and Seller. In advance
     of the use of any device the party providing such device shall
     cause tests to be carried out to verify that such device has
     the required degree of accuracy. The provisions of Section
     13.10(a) shall apply to such tests.

13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration
     The parties will cooperate closely in the design, selection
     and acquisition of devices to be used for measurements and
     tests under this Article 13 in order that, to the maximum
     extent possible, all measurements and tests may be conducted
     either in American units of measurement or in metric units of
     measurement. In the event that it becomes necessary to make
     measurements and tests using a new system of units of
     measurement, the parties shall establish mutually agreeable
     conversion tables, or, if they are unable to agree, such
     tables may be established by the procedures provided for
     resolution of disputes on measurement and testing in Section
     13.11. Measurement devices shall be calibrated as follows:

Measurement    American Units      Metric Units
Volume         Cubic feet          Cubic meters

Temperature    Degrees Fahrenheit  Degrees Centigrade

Pressure       Pounds per square   Kilograms per square
               inch or inches of   centimeter or
               mercury             millimeters of mercury

Length         Feet                Meters

Weight         Pounds              Kilograms

Density        Pounds per cubic    Kilograms per cubic
               foot                meter

13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers
     Buyers shall provide Seller, or cause Seller to be provided,
     with a certified copy of tank gauge tables for each tank of
     each LNG Tanker verified by a competent impartial authority or
     authorities mutually agreed upon by the parties. Such tables
     shall include correction tables for list, trim, tank
     construction and any other items requiring such tables for
     accuracy of gauging. Seller and Buyers shall each have the
     right to have representatives present at the time each LNG
     tank on each LNG Tanker is volumetrically calibrated. If the
     LNG tanks of any LNG Tanker suffer distortion of such nature
     as to cause a prudent expert reasonably to question the
     validity of the tank gauge tables described herein (or any
     subsequent calibration provided for herein), any Buyer or
     Seller may require recalibration of such LNG tanks during any
     period when the LNG Tanker is out of service for inspection
     and/or repairs. Upon recalibration of the LNG tanks of the LNG
     Tankers, the same procedures used to provide the original tank
     gauge tables will be used to provide revised tank gauge tables
     based upon the recalibration data. The calibration of tanks
     provided for in this Section 13.4 shall constitute the only
     calibration required for purposes of this Contract.

13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered
     Volumes of LNG delivered pursuant to this Contract shall be
     determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG Tankers
     before and after loading.

     Gauging the liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tankers and
     measuring of liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor
     pressure and liquid density in each LNG tank, trim and list of
     the LNG Tankers, and atmospheric pressure shall be performed,
     or caused to be performed, by the Buyer purchasing the LNG,
     before and after loading.

     The first gauging and measurements shall be made immediately
     before the commencement of loading. The second gauging and
     measurements shall take place immediately after the completion
     of loading.

     Copies of gauging and measurement records shall be furnished
     to Seller.
     A.   Gauging the Liquid Level of LNG
          The level of the LNG in each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker
          shall be gauged by means of the gauging device installed
          in the LNG Tanker for that purpose. The level of the LNG
          in each tank shall be logged or printed.

     B.   Determination of Temperature
          The temperature of the LNG and of the vapor space in each
          cargo tank shall be measured by means of a sufficient
          number of properly located temperature measuring devices
          to permit the determination of average temperature.
          Temperatures shall be logged or printed.

     C.   Determination of Pressure
          The pressure of the vapor in each LNG tank shall be
          determined by means of pressure measuring devices
          installed in each LNG tank of the LNG Tankers. The
          atmospheric pressure shall be determined by readings from
          the standard barometer installed in the LNG Tankers.

     D.   Determination of Density
          Density of the LNG shall be computed by Seller or, if
          mutually agreed, measured. Initially the density of the
          LNG will be computed by the method described in Schedule
          A attached hereto. Should any improved data, method of
          calculation or direct measurement device become available
          which is acceptable to both Buyers and Seller, such
          improved data, method or device shall then be used. If
          density is determined by measurements, the results shall
          be logged or printed.

13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis
     Representative samples of the LNG delivered shall be obtained,
     or be caused to be obtained, in triplicate by Seller during
     the time of loading. The three (3) samples shall be taken from
     an appropriate point on Seller's loading line as close as
     possible to the loading flanges and collected in the gaseous
     state using the continuous gasification/collection method
     agreed by Buyers and Seller.

     In addition periodic samples shall be obtained during loading.
     Should Seller determine that it is necessary to utilize
     periodic samples, the composition of the LNG delivered to each
     LNG Tanker shall be the arithmetic average of the results
     obtained by analysis of such samples. The method and devices
     for sampling and the quantity of the samples to be withdrawn
     shall be determined by agreement between Buyers and Seller to
     provide for taking representative and adequate samples of the
     LNG delivered.

     The samples obtained shall be distributed as follows:
     First sample   -    for use of Seller.
     Second sample  -    for use of Buyer receiving the LNG
                         shipment.
     Third sample   -    for retention by Seller for the agreed
                         period, not to exceed twenty-five (25)
                         days, during which period any dispute as
                         to the accuracy of any analysis shall be
                         raised, in which case the sample shall be
                         further retained until such Buyer and
                         Seller agree to retain it no longer.

13.7 Quality Analysis
     The samples provided for in Section 13.6 shall be analyzed, or
     be caused to be analyzed, by Seller to determine the molar
     fraction of the hydrocarbon and other components in the sample
     by gas chromatography using a mutually agreed method in
     accordance with "G.P.A. Standard 2261, Method of Analysis for
     Natural Gas and Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas
     Chromatography", published by G.P.A., current as of January 1,
     1977 or as otherwise mutually agreed upon. If better standards
     for analysis are subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other
     recognized competent impartial authority, upon mutual
     agreement of Buyers and Seller, they shall be substituted for
     the standard then in use, but such substitution shall not take
     place retroactively. A calibration of the chromatograph or
     other analytical instrument used shall be performed by Seller
     immediately prior to the analysis of the sample of LNG
     delivered. Seller shall give advance notice to Buyers of the
     time Seller intends to conduct a calibration thereof, and
     Buyers shall have the right to have a representative present
     at each such calibration; provided, however, Seller will not
     be obligated to defer or reschedule any calibration in order
     to permit the representative of Buyers to be present.

     The sample shall be analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by
     Seller to determine the concentrations of hydrogen sulfide
     (H2S) and total sulfur content referred to in Section 11.2
     using the methods described in Schedule A attached hereto.

13.8 Operating Procedures
     Prior to conducting operations for measurement, gauging,
     sampling and analysis provided in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and
     13.7, the party responsible for such operations shall notify
     the appropriate representatives of the other party, allowing
     such representatives reasonable opportunity to be present for
     all operations and computations; however, the absence of the
     other party's representative after notification and
     opportunity to attend shall not prevent any operations and
     computations from being performed. At the request of either
     party any measurement, gauging, sampling and analysis provided
     for in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 shall be witnessed and
     verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by
     the Buyer and Seller. The results of such surveyor's
     verifications shall be made available promptly to each party.
     All records of measurement and the computation results shall
     be preserved and available to both parties for a period of not
     less than three (3) years after such measurement and
     computation.  

13.9 BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
     The quantity of BTU's sold and delivered shall be calculated
     by Seller following the procedures described in this Section
     13.9, and shall be verified by an independent surveyor
     mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyers.

     A.   Determination of Gross Heating Value
          The Gross Heating Value of the samples of the LNG shall
          be determined by computation, in accordance with the
          method described in Schedule A attached hereto, on the
          basis of the molecular composition determined pursuant to
          Section 13.7 and of the molecular weights and heating
          values described in "G.P.A. Publication 2145" published
          by G.P.A., current at the time of computation.

          If better constants or improved methods for determination
          of heating value are subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or
          other recognized competent impartial authority, they
          shall, upon mutual agreement of Seller and Buyers, be
          substituted therefor but not retroactively. The Gross
          Heating Value of the representative sample shall be the
          conclusive Gross Heating Value for the purpose of
          determining quantities of BTU's sold and delivered.

     B.   Determination of Volume of LNG Loaded
          The LNG volume in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before and
          after loading shall be determined by gauging as provided
          in Section 13.5 on the basis of the tank gauge tables
          provided for in Section 13.4. The volume of LNG remaining
          in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before loading shall then
          be subtracted from the volume after loading and the
          resulting volume shall be taken as the volume of the LNG
          delivered to the LNG Tanker.

          If failure of gauging and measuring devices of an LNG
          Tanker should make it impossible to determine the LNG
          volume, the volume of LNG delivered shall be determined
          by gauging the liquid level in Seller's onshore LNG
          storage tanks immediately before and after loading the
          LNG Tanker, and such volume shall be reduced by
          subtracting an estimated LNG volume, agreed upon by the
          parties, for boil-off from such tanks during the loading
          of such LNG Tanker. Seller shall provide Buyers, or cause
          the Buyers to be provided with, a certified copy of tank
          gauge tables for each onshore LNG tank which is to be
          used for this purpose, such tables to be verified by a
          competent impartial authority.

     C.   Determination of BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
          The quantities of BTU's sold and delivered shall be
          computed by Seller by means of the following formula:

               Q =  V  x  D x P  

     in which: Q    =    represents the quantity of the LNG sold
                         and delivered in BTU's.
               V    =    represents the volume of the LNG loaded,
                         stated in Cubic Meters, determined as
                         provided in Section 13.9B.
               D    =    represents the density of the LNG loaded,
                         stated in kilograms per Cubic Meter,
                         determined as provided in Section 13.5D.
               P    =    represents the Gross Heating Value of the
                         LNG loaded, stated in BTU's per kilogram.

     Physical constants, calculation procedures and examples of BTU
     determination are provided in Schedule A.

13.10     Verification of Accuracy and Correction for Error
          (a)  Accuracy of devices used shall be tested and
               verified at the request of either party, including
               the request by a party to verify accuracy of its
               own devices. Each party shall have the right to
               inspect at any time the measurement devices
               installed by the other party, provided that the
               other party be notified in advance. Testing shall
               be performed only when both parties are
               represented, or have received adequate advance
               notice thereof, using methods recommended by the
               manufacturer or any other method agreed to by
               Seller and Buyers. At the request of any party
               hereto, any test shall be witnessed and verified by
               an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by
               Buyers and Seller. Permissible tolerances shall be
               defined in Schedule A.

          (b)  Inaccuracy of a device exceeding the permissible
               tolerances shall require correction of previous
               recordings, and computations made on the basis of
               those recordings, to zero error with respect to any
               period which is definitely known or agreed upon by
               the parties, as well as adjustment of the device.
               All the invoices issued during such period shall be
               amended accordingly to reflect such correction and
               an adjustment in payment shall be made between the
               affected Buyer or Buyers and Seller. If the period
               of error is neither known nor agreed upon, and
               there is no evidence as to such period of error,
               corrections shall be made and invoices amended for
               each delivery made during the last half of the
               period since the date of the most recent
               calibration of the inaccurate device. However, the
               provisions of this Section 13.10(b) shall not be
               applied to require the modification of any invoice
               that has become final pursuant to Section 10.6.

13.11     Disputes
          In the event of any dispute concerning the subject matter
          of this Article 13, including, but not limited to,
          disputes over selection of the type or the accuracy of
          measuring devices, their calibration, the result of
          measurement, period of error of a device, sampling,
          analysis, computation or method of calculation, such
          dispute shall be submitted to a competent impartial
          authority mutually agreed upon by the parties to the
          dispute or, if such authority cannot be agreed upon
          within thirty (30) days of request by any such party,
          such dispute shall be decided by arbitration pursuant to
          Article 16. All decisions of an authority acting under
          this Section 13.11 shall be binding on such parties.
          Expenses incurred in connection with the services of such
          authority shall be shared equally by the Seller on the
          one hand and the Buyer or Buyers who are parties to the
          dispute on the other hand.

13.12     Costs and Expenses of Test and Verification
          All costs and expenses for testing and verifying Seller's
          measurement devices as provided for in this Article 13
          shall be borne by Seller and all costs and expenses for
          testing and verifying Buyers' measurement devices as
          provided for in this Article 13 shall be borne by Buyers.
          The fees and charges of independent surveyors for
          measurements and calculations as provided for in Sections
          13.8 and 13.9 shall be borne equally by Seller and Buyer.
          When the services of independent surveyors are required
          and selected by mutual agreement pursuant to Section
          13.10, then the fees and charges of such surveyors shall
          be borne equally by Seller and Buyers.

ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES

     Seller shall pay (or reimburse Buyers for any such payments
made by them) all taxes, royalties, duties or other imposts levied
or imposed by the Indonesian Government or any subdivision thereof,
or any other governmental authority in Indonesia, on the sale or
export of LNG under this Contract.

ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE

15.1 Events of Force Majeure
     Neither Seller nor any Buyer shall be liable for any delay or
     failure in performance hereunder if and to the extent such
     delay or failure in performance directly results from any of
     the following ("Force Majeure"):

     (a)  Other than LNG Tankers

          (i)  Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance, lightning,
               storm, typhoon, tornado, earthquake, landslide,
               soil erosion, subsidence, washout or epidemic;

          (ii) War, riot, civil war, blockade, insurrection, act
               of public enemies or civil disturbance;

          (iii) Strike, lockout or other industrial disturbance;

          (iv) Serious accidental damage to or serious failure of
               Seller's Facilities, unless such damage or failure
               is the result of willful negligence on the part of
               Seller's management;

          (v)  Serious accidental damage to or serious failure of
               a Buyer's Facilities, unless such damage or failure
               is the result of willful negligence on the part of
               such Buyer's management;

          (vi) The Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
               Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area expressed in the
               then most recent Certificate referred to in Section
               3.2(a) which can be economically produced have been
               fully depleted; 

          (vii)     Delay in completion and testing of any stage
                    of the Badak Facility so as to prevent the
                    same from becoming operational on a continuing
                    basis, which delay is caused by delay in
                    receiving major items of equipment or
                    materials from the manufacturer or vendor
                    thereof, provided that Seller shall have taken
                    all steps reasonably available to obtain
                    timely delivery of such items including the
                    placing of purchase orders within such time as
                    was prudent under then existing circumstances;
                    or

          (viii)    Act of government that directly affects the
                    ability of a party to perform any obligation
                    hereunder other than the obligation to remit
                    payments as provided in Section 10.4 on
                    account of LNG delivered and taken or not
                    taken but required to be paid for under this
                    Contract.

          (b)  As to LNG Tankers

               (i)  The removal of an LNG Tanker from service due
                    to loss, serious accidental damage or other
                    serious failure, unless such loss, damage or
                    failure is the result of willful negligence on
                    the part of Buyers;

               (ii) Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
                    lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado or
                    epidemic;

               (iii)     War, riot, civil war, blockade,
                         insurrection, act of public enemies or
                         civil disturbance;

               (iv) Strike, lockout or other industrial
                    disturbance occurring aboard an LNG Tanker or
                    at a port or other facility at which an LNG
                    Tanker calls; or 

               (v)  Act of government.

15.2 Notice; Resumption of Normal Performance
     (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of Force
          Majeure that gives a party warning that the event may
          delay or prevent the performance by Seller or any Buyer
          of any of its obligations hereunder, the party affected
          shall give notice thereof to the other parties describing
          such event and stating the obligations the performance of
          which are, or are expected to be, delayed or prevented,
          and (either in the original or in supplemental notices)
          stating:

          (i)  The estimated period during which performance may
               be suspended or reduced, including, to the extent
               known or ascertainable, the estimated extent of
               such reduction in performance; and

          (ii) The particulars of the program to be implemented to
               ensure full resumption of normal performance
               hereunder. 

     (b)  In order to ensure resumption of normal performance of
          this Contract within the shortest practicable time, the
          party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall take
          all measures to this end which are reasonable in the
          circumstances, taking into account the consequences
          resulting from such event of Force Majeure. Prior to
          resumption of normal performance the parties shall
          continue to perform their obligations under this Contract
          to the extent not prevented by such event.

15.3 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances

     Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
     disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the
     party experiencing such situation and nothing herein shall
     require such party to settle industrial disputes by yielding
     to demands made on it when it considers such action
     inadvisable.



ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION

     All disputes arising between any Buyer or Buyers, on the one
hand, and Seller, on the other hand, relating to this Contract or
the interpretation or performance hereof, shall be finally settled
by arbitration conducted in accordance with the Rules of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, effective at
the time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in accordance with
such Rules. Arbitration shall be conducted in the English language
and shall be held at Paris, France, unless another location is
selected by mutual agreement of the parties concerned. The award
rendered by the arbitrators shall be final and binding upon the
parties concerned.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW

     This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
America.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 18 - BUYERS' REPRESENTATIVE

     Buyers will from time to time jointly designate a Buyers'
Representative or Buyers' Representatives to act on behalf of the
Buyers in performing the following:

     A.   Coordination among each of the Buyers, and between Seller
          and Buyer or Buyers, and the handling of communications
          between Seller and Buyer or Buyers in connection with
          performance of this Contract; and

     B.   Implementation of various operations of each Buyer or of
          Buyers which are necessary in connection with purchasing
          and receiving of LNG hereunder.

     Buyers shall notify Seller the name and address of the entity
or each entity to act as Buyers' Representative and shall specify
the duties to be performed by each such entity.

     Seller shall be entitled to accept and rely upon any
communication received from any Buyers' Representative as if
received directly from one or more of the Buyers, and to give
communications to any Buyers' Representative with the same effect
as if given directly to a Buyer or Buyers. No act of or
authorization to a Buyers' Representative shall relieve any Buyer
from performance of any obligation or payment of any liability of
such Buyer hereunder, each Buyer remaining primarily liable
therefor at all times.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY

     No party to this Contract shall use or communicate to third
parties the contents of this Contract or other confidential
information or documents which may come into the possession of such
party in connection with the performance of this Contract without
the prior agreement of the party or parties to which such
information or documents are confidential. This restriction shall
not apply to the contents of this Contract, or information or
documents, which:

     (i)  have fallen into the public domain otherwise than through
          the act or failure to act of the party that has obtained
          them; or

     (ii) are communicated to:

          (A)  any of Seller's Suppliers, or any Affiliate (as
               defined below), with the obligation of the
               receiving person to maintain confidentiality;

          (B)  persons participating in the implementation of this
               project, such as Buyers' Transporter, Buyers'
               Representative, legal counsel, accountants, other
               professional, business or technical consultants and
               advisers, underwriters or lenders, with the
               obligation of the receiving persons to maintain
               confidentiality; or

          (C)  any governmental agency of the Republic of
               Indonesia or Japan, or having jurisdiction over any
               of Seller's Suppliers or any Affiliate, provided
               that such agency has authority to require such
               disclosure, and that such disclosure is made in
               accordance with that authority.

     As used before, the term "Affiliate" means a company that
     controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
     a party to this Contract or any of Seller's Suppliers.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES

     All notices and other communications for purposes of this
Contract shall be in writing, which shall include transmission by
telex, facsimile, cable, or other similar electronic method of
written transmission mutually agreed by Seller and Buyers, except
that notices given from LNG Tankers at sea may be by radio. Notices
and communications shall be directed as follows:

A.   To Seller at the following mail, telex, facsimile and cable  
     addresses - 

     PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS
     BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)

     (Mail address)

     P.O. Box 12/JKT
     Jalan Merdeka Timur 1A, 
     Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia

     (Telex address)

     PERTAMINA 44302 or 44152
     JAKARTA, INDONESIA

     (Facsimile address)

     62-21-355271

     (Cable address)

     PERTAMINA
     JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA

     In each case marked for the attention of:
     Head of Gas Marketing Bureau


B.   To Buyers at the following mail, telex, facsimile and cable  
     addresses -




     (i)  OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.

          (Mail address)

          4-1-2, Hiranomachi,
          Chuo-ku,
          Osaka, 541 Japan

          (Telex address)

          5225275 DAIGAS J

          (Facsimile address)

          81-6-222-2044

          (Cable address)

          GASTANK OSAKA

     In each case marked for the attention of:
     Gas Resources Dept.


     (ii) TOKYO GAS CO., LTD

          (Mail address)

          1-5-20, Kaigan,
          Minato-ku,
          Tokyo, 105 Japan

          (Telex address)

          2422272 TGGEN J

          (Facsimile address)

          81-3-432-5834

          (Cable address)

          TGCC TBA

     In each case marked for the attention of:
     Raw Materials Dept.

     (iii)   TOHO GAS CO., LTD
          (Mail address)

          19-18, Sakurada-cho,
          Atsuta-ku,
          Nagoya, 456 Japan

          (Telex address)

          4477651 TOHOGS J

          (Facsimile address)

          81-52-871-6967

     In each case marked for the attention of:
     Raw Materials Dept.

     The parties may designate additional addresses for particular
communications as required from time to time, and may change any
addresses, by notice given thirty (30) days in advance of such
additions or changes.

     Immediately upon receiving communications by telex, facsimile,
cable or other similar electronic method of written transmission,
or radio, a party shall acknowledge receipt by the same means, and
may request a repeat transmittal of the entire communication or
confirmation of particular matters. If the sender receives no
acknowledgement of receipt within twenty-four (24) hours, or
receives a request for repeat transmittal or confirmation, said
party shall repeat the transmittal or answer the particular
request.

     Without prejudice to the validity of the original notice, the
receiving party of any notice given by telex, facsimile, cable or
other similar electronic method of written transmission may request
the confirmation of the notice by letter and the sending party
shall make such confirmation by letter upon the request.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT

     Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations hereunder
may be assigned by any Buyer without the prior written consent of
Seller, or by Seller without the prior written consent of each
Buyer. Any request by a Buyer for Seller's consent to an assignment
shall be accompanied by the written consent of each other Buyer to
the proposed assignment.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     This Contract cannot be amended, modified, varied or
supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by Seller
and Buyers.

     The failure of any party at any time to require performance of
any provision of this Contract shall not affect its right to
require subsequent performance of such provision. Waiver by any
party of any breach of any provision hereof shall not constitute
the waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision. Performance
of any condition or obligation to be performed hereunder shall not
be deemed to have been waived or postponed except by an instrument
in writing signed by the party who is claimed to have granted such
waiver or postponement.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 23 - SEVERALTY

     This Contract shall be binding upon each Buyer in accordance
with its terms. The liabilities of Buyers under this Contract are
several and not joint or joint and several, and each Buyer shall be
liable only for performance of the obligations of such Buyer as
provided in this Contract.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 24 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE

     Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall be
mutually agreed upon by Seller and each Buyer separately or, when
necessary and desirable, by Seller and Buyers on a coordinated and
mutually agreeable basis.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 25 - EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION

     Seller and Buyers will maintain close communication and
mutually provide and exchange available information directly
relevant to the fulfillment of this Contract.

     The parties will consult together, by having meetings if
necessary, to coordinate plans relating to the construction or
modification of any stage of the Badak Facility and the
construction of the LNG Tankers, so as to assure that the Badak
Facility and the LNG Tankers are compatible for all purposes and
that progress is being made in accordance with the project
timetable agreed to between the parties.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 26 - TERMINATION

     Seller and each Buyer shall use best endeavors to obtain all
authorizations, approvals and permissions of national and local
governments or other competent authorities or bodies which are
required for performance of this Contract (the "Authorizations and
Approvals"), and will cooperate fully with each other wherever
necessary for this purpose. If, at the time of expiration of six
(6) months after the execution of this Contract, Seller or any
Buyer should fail to obtain the Authorizations and Approvals, or
Seller should fail to arrange the financing of the expansion of the
Badak Facility contemplated by Seller in connection with this
Contract (the "Financing"), then such party shall so notify the
other parties promptly after such expiration, and Seller and Buyers
shall consult as to the circumstances pertaining thereto. If,
within thirty (30) days after the date of the aforesaid notice, the
parties have not agreed on a postponement of the time within which
the Authorizations and Approvals shall be obtained or Financing
arranged, then either Seller or Buyers may terminate this Contract
by written notice given at any time prior to the date upon which
the Authorizations and Approvals are obtained or Financing
arranged. The same right of termination and procedures relating
thereto shall apply upon the expiration of any postponement period
or periods agreed to by the parties.  For the purposes hereof
Financing shall be deemed to have been arranged only when the
agreements and other documents required therefor shall have been
entered into by all parties thereto, shall have received all
governmental authorizations and approvals required for the
performance thereof and shall have become effective and
unconditional.

     This Contract is also subject to termination under certain
other circumstances as provided in Section 10.5.

     Termination of this Contract shall be without prejudice to any
accrued rights of the parties arising under this Contract prior to
termination.


<PAGE>
ARTICLE 27 - SCOPE

     This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and
replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in any
agreement between the parties, whether written or oral, prior to
the date of the execution hereof.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 28 - COUNTERPARTS

     This Contract is executed in four (4) identical counterparts
each of which shall have the force and dignity of an original, and
all of which shall constitute but one and the same Contract.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
Contract to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the
date first written above.

SELLER:                       BUYERS:

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN       OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)




By __________/s/_____________ By_________/s/________



                              TOKYO GAS CO., LTD.




                              By_________/s/________



WITNESS:


NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION       TOHO GAS CO., LTD.




By _________/s/_________      By ________/s/________



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.48
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO AGMT. AND PLAN OF REORG
<TEXT>

                                   AMENDMENT
                            TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
                                 REORGANIZATION
                                       OF
                               ENSTAR CORPORATION



              This Amendment to Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization of ENSTAR
Corporation (the "Amendment") is made and entered into as of May
1, 1990, among
Unimar Company, a Texas general partnership ("Unimar"),
Ultrastar, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Ultrastar"), Unistar, Inc., a Delaware
corporation
("Unistar"), ENSTAR Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("ENSTAR"), Ultramar
Production Company, a Delaware corporation ("UPC"), Union Texas
Development
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("UT Development"), Union
Texas Petroleum
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("UTPC") and Ultramar America
Limited, a
Delaware corporation ("Ultramar") and amends the Agreement and
Plan of
Reorganization of ENSTAR Corporation, dated December 22, 1989
(the
"Agreement"), among Unimar, Ultrastar, Unistar, ENSTAR, Ultramar
Production, UT
Development, UTPC and Ultramar (collectively, the "Parties").

                             W I T N E S S E T H :
              WHEREAS, the Parties entered into the Agreement to
provide for
the Reorganization;

              WHEREAS, Section 5.1(e) of the Agreement provides
that the
receipt of a favorable IRS Ruling by Unimar and ENSTAR is a
condition to the
obligation of the Parties to consummate the Reorganization;

              WHEREAS, based on advice from the IRS, ENSTAR has
withdrawn  its
request for a favorable IRS Ruling regarding the application of
Section 355 of
the Code to the Reorganization;

              WHEREAS, the Parties desire to waive the receipt of
a favorable
IRS Ruling as a condition to the consummation of the
Reorganization; and

              WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Agreement
to reflect
their agreement as to the foregoing and certain other matters;

              NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of and subject to
the mutual
agreements, terms and conditions herein contained, the Parties
hereby agree as
follows:

              1.     Amendment to Section 1.1.  Section 1.1 of
the Agreement is
       hereby amended by the addition of the following
subparagraphs (c) and
       (d) after subparagraph (b):

              "(c) ENSTAR shall transfer to UT Development all
right, title
              and interest of Enstar in and to any and all
accounts
              receivable attributable to the UT Assets;           
    





                                      -2-

               "(d) ENSTAR shall transfer to UPC all right, title
and interest 
               of ENSTAR in and to any and all accounts
receivable
               attributable to the UPC Assets."                   
    
                                                          
               2.     Amendment to Section 2.2.  Section 2.2 of
the Agreement 
        is hereby amended by the addition of the following
subparagraph (xii)
        after subparagraph (xi):                                 

                                                                  
       
              (xii) the Fee Agreement, in substantially the form
attached
              hereto as Exhibit P, providing for the payment of
certain fees
              and expenses of UTPC and Ultramar."               
                                                               
               3.     Section 4.1 of the Agreement is hereby
amended in its
        entirety to read as follows:         
                                                                  
          
               "Section 4.1.  IRS Covenant.  From the date
hereof, each
               of the parties to this Agreement covenants and
agrees that it
               will fully comply with the requirements,
representations and
               conditions that were set forth in the IRS Request
and the
               statutory basis for such Request for so long as
necessary in
               order for the Reorganization to qualify as a
distribution to
               which Section 355 of the Code applies."            
       
                                                           
               4.     Execution of Amended and Restated
Partnership Agreement.
        If, on or before the Closing Date, Ultrastar and Unistar
shall have
        executed an Amended and Restated Agreement of General
Partnership of
        Unimar Company, the Parties shall be deemed to
                                        
        
        
        
        
                                      -3-

       have waived the requirement under Section 5.1(b) of the
Agreement that
       Ultrastar and Unistar (i) shall have performed all
obligations and
       agreements and complied with all covenants and conditions
applicable to
       Ultrastar and Unistar contained in the Partnership
Amendment and (ii)
       shall have executed and delivered the Partnership
Amendment prior to or
       on the Closing Date.

              5.     Waiver of Execution of Discharge Agreement. 
If, on or
       before the Closing Date, the Discharge Agreement shall not
have been
       executed by all the parties thereto, the parties shall be
deemed to have
       waived the requirement under Section 5.1(b) of the
Agreement that each
       of the Parties (i) shall have performed all obligations
and agreements
       and complied with all covenants and conditions applicable
to it
       contained in the Discharge Agreement and (ii) shall have
executed and
       delivered the Discharge Agreement prior to or on the
Closing Date.

              6.     Waiver of IRS Ruling.  The Parties hereby
waive the
       requirement under Section 5.1(e) of the Agreement that the
receipt of a
       favorable IRS Ruling by Unistar and Ultrastar is a
condition to the
       closing of the Reorganization.

              7.     Amendment to Section 9.7.  Section 9.7 of
the Agreement is
       hereby amended by (i) substituting the term "Fee
Agreement" for
       "Partnership Agreement" in the first





                                      -4-

        sentence of paragraph (a) and for "Unimar Partnership
Agreement" in the
        first sentence of paragraph (g) and (ii) the addition of
the following
        paragraph (h) after paragraph (g):

        "(h)     Any receivable which relates to the period prior
to the
        Valuation Date and is described in the Closing Period
Adjustment
        Statement (other than receivables in respect of
indebtedness owing
        by the Partnerships to ENSTAR) which (i) has been
assigned to
        UT Development or UPC pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and
        the Conveyances and (ii) has not been paid in accordance
with
        its terms, shall be payable by ENSTAR to UT Development
or UPC, 
        as the case may be.  The amount of any such receivable
shall
        be paid within 30 days following receipt by ENSTAR of
notice of
        non-payment, which notice must be received by ENSTAR
within
        one year from the Closing Date.  The non-submitting party
shall
        have the right to audit receivable claims submitted to
ENSTAR
        for a period of 90 days following receipt by ENSTAR of
such
        notice of non-payment."

              8.     Amendment to Section 9.8.  Section 9.8 of
the Agreement
        is hereby amended by (i) deleting paragraphs (a) and (b)
and
        substituting the following:





                                      -5-

        "(a)     After the Closing, ENSTAR, UPC and UT
Development shall,   
        immediately upon their receipt, turn over or cause to be
turned
        over to UPC, UT Development or their affiliates, as the
case may be,
        any amounts from or related to the Transferred Assets
received by
        ENSTAR, UPC, UT Development or their affiliates, which
amounts are
        accounted for in the Closing Period Adjustment Statements
and have
        not been previously turned over in accordance with the
Closing
        Period Adjustment Statements.

        (b)      After the Closing, ENSTAR, UPC and UT
Development shall,
        immediately upon their receipt, turn over or cause to be
turned over
        to UPC, UT Development or their affiliates, as the case
may be, any
        invoices or any other demand for payment for costs and
expenses that
        were incurred as costs for operation or ownership of or
expenses
        related to the Transferred Assets during the Closing
Period and which
        are accounted for in the Closing Period Adjustment
Statements and
        have not previously been turned over in accordance with
the Closing
        Period Adjustment Statements."





                                      -6-

       and (ii) the addition of the following paragraph after
paragraph (c):

        "(d)    After the Closing, UPC and UT Development shall,
immediately
        upon their receipt, turn over or cause to be turned over
to ENSTAR all
        amounts that were not, and should not properly be,
included in the
        Closing Period Adjustment Statements, which amounts
relate to a
        period prior to the Valuation Date."      

              9.     Closing Date.  The Parties hereby agree that
the
       preliminary closing of the Reorganization shall be held on
April 30,
       1990 at 1:00 p.m., Houston, Texas time at the offices of
Andrews & Kurth
       and the closing of the Reorganization shall be held on May
1, 1990 (the
       "Closing Date") at 9:00 a.m., Houston, Texas, time at the
offices of
       Andrews & Kurth.

              10.    Deletion of References to Newstar.  All
references to
       Newstar, Inc. and Newstar contained in the Agreement are
hereby deleted
       and replaced with the words "Ultramar Production Company"
and "UPC"
       respectively.

              11.    Utilization of Information.  In the event
the Partnership
       Amendment is not executed on or before the Closing Date,
each of the
       Parties hereby agrees that (i) Ultrastar and its
affiliates shall have
       the right to utilize information regarding the operations
of the





                                      -7-

       UPC Assets and to deal with the UPC Assets and any
properties in the
       vicinity thereof for its own account and (ii) Unistar and
its affiliates
       shall have the right to utilize information regarding the
operations of
       the UT Assets and to deal with the UT Assets and any
properties in the
       vicinity thereof for its own account.  Neither Ultrastar
nor Unistar
       shall be obligated to disclose to or share with Unimar (or
the other
       partner in Unimar) any compensation or profit attributable
to the UPC
       Assets or the UT Assets, as the case may be, or any
properties in the
       vicinity thereof.

              12.    Continuance of Agreement.  The Agreement
shall remain in
       full force and effect and, except as specifically provided
herein, none
       of its terms or provisions are modified or amended in any
manner
       whatsoever.

              13.    Conflicts.  In the event there shall be any
conflict
       between the provisions of this Amendment and the
Agreement, the
       provisions of this Amendment shall control.

              14.    GOVERNING LAWS.  THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT
SHALL BE
       GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF
       TEXAS (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS-OF-LAW RULE OR PRINCIPLE
THAT MIGHT REFER
       SAME TO THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION), EXCEPT TO THE
EXTENT THAT
       SAME ARE MANDATORILY





                                      -8-

SUBJECT TO THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION PURSUANT TO
THE LAWS OF SUCH OTHER JURISDICTION.

              15.    Definitions.  Terms not otherwise defined
herein shall
       have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the
Agreement.

              16.    Counterparts.  This Amendment may be
executed in any
       number of counterparts, each of which when so executed
shall be
       deemed an original and all of which together shall
constitute one and
       the same instrument.

              17.    Severability.  If any provision of this
Amendment is
       invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of the
Amendment
       shall remain in full force and effect.

              IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has
caused this
Amendment to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the
date first
above written.

                                   UNIMAR COMPANY

                                   By:  Unistar, Inc., a General
Partner 

                                       By:   /s/W.M. KRIPS 
                                      
- -----------------------------
                                       Name: W.M. KRIPS           
      
                                       Title: President





                                      -9-

                                       By:  Ultrastar, Inc., a
General Partner

                                            By:  /s/ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                                
- ----------------------------
                                            Name:  ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                            Title: Senior Vice
President        


                                        UNISTAR, INC.

                                            By:  /s/W.M. KRIPS    
             
                                                
- ----------------------------
                                                 Name:  W.M.
KRIPS           
                                                 Title: President 
    


                                         ULTRASTAR, INC.

                                             By:  /s/ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                                 
- --------------------------- 
                                             Name:  ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                             Title: Senior Vice
President   


                                         ENSTAR CORPORATION

                                             By:  /s/ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                                 
- --------------------------- 
                                             Name:  ROBERT W.
BLAND   
                                             Title: President     
   


                                         ULTRAMAR PRODUCTION
COMPANY

                                             By:  /s/ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                                 
- ---------------------------   
                                             Name:  ROBERT W.
BLAND       
                                             Title: President     
       





                                      -10-

                                             UNION TEXAS
DEVELOPMENT
                                               CORPORATION

                                                 By:  /s/W.M.
KRIPS         
                                                     
- ------------------------- 
                                                      Name:  W.M.
KRIPS  
                                                      Title:
President


                                             UNION TEXAS
PETROLEUM
                                               CORPORATION

                                                 By:  /s/W.M.
KRIPS
                                                     
- -------------------------
                                                 Name:  W.M.
KRIPS 
                                                 Title: Vice
President
                                                                  
            

                                             ULTRAMAR AMERICA
LIMITED

                                                 By:  /s/ROBERT
W. BLAND       
                                                     
- -------------------------
                                                 Name:  ROBERT W.
BLAND        
                                                 Title: Vice
President 





                                      -11-



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO OPERATING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                     AMENDMENT TO OPERATING AGREEMENT


     Amendment to Operating Agreement dated April 1, 1990, between
Roy M. Huffington, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Ultramar Indonesia
Limited, a Bermuda corporation, Virginia Indonesia Company, a
Delaware corporation, Virginia International Company, a Delaware
corporation, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, a Bahamian
corporation, and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., a Liberian
corporation.

                                 RECITALS

     A.  The parties hereto are all of the current parties to that
Operating Agreement effective as of August 8, 1968 (the "Operating
Agreement"), originally between Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
International Company, Austral Petroleum Gas Corporation, Golden
Eagle Indonesia Limited and Union Texas Far East Corporation and
relating to a portion of the Island of Sumatra and a portion of the
Island of Kalimantan in the Republic of Indonesia.

     B.  Because of developments in Texas law since the date of
execution of the Operating Agreement, it is unclear whether a
provision of the Operating Agreement would be given the
construction intended by the parties.

     C.  The parties desire to amend the Operating Agreement to
remove the uncertainty created by such developments.

                                AGREEMENTS

     In consideration of the premises, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

     Section 1.  Amendment of Operating Agreement.  The parties
hereto hereby agree that Section 11.4 of the Operating Agreement is
hereby amended to be and read as follows:

     11.4 Contract Operator shall have no liability to the Parties
          for losses sustained or liabilities incurred (including
          losses or liabilities sustained or incurred as a result
          of Contract Operator's negligence), except that Contract
          Operator shall be solely responsible for any loss or
          liability to the extent such loss or liability may result
          from Contract Operator's willful misconduct, gross
          negligence or bad faith.

     Section 2.  Effectiveness.  The amendment set forth in Section
1 hereof shall be effective for all purposes as of August 8, 1968.






     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this amendment has been duly executed and
delivered by the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as
of the date first written above.

                              ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.


                              By            /S/                  
                              Title:   President                  


                              ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED


                              By            /S/                   
                              Title:   Vice President             


                              VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY


                              By            /S/                   
                              Title: President - Houston Operations



                              VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY


                              By            /S/                  
                              Title:   President                 


                              UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED


                              By            /S/                         
                              Title:   President                  


                              UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.


                              By            /S/                  

                              Title:   President                 

 







                    
   
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>BADAK II SUPPLY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT

                                    FOR

                        BADAK LNG EXPANSION PROJECT

     THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into in Jakarta as of the
14th day of April, 1981, by and between Perusahaan Pertambangan
Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara ("Pertamina"), on the one hand, and Roy
M. Huffington, Inc. ("Huffco), Virginia International Company
(VICO), Golden Eagle Indonesia Limited, The Superior Oil Company,
Union Texas Far East Corporation and Universe Tankships, Inc.
(herein referred to individually as "Contractor" and collectively
as "Contractors"), on the other.  The parties hereto  hereby agree
as follows:

ARTICLE 1

     1.1 Contractors own or control all of the interest of
Contractors in that certain Production Sharing Contract, dated
August 8, 1968, by and between Pertamina, on the one hand, and
Huffco and Vico, on the other, as amended by Amendment effective as
of January 1, 1978, such contract, as amended, being herein
referred to as the "Production Sharing Contract" and the Designated
Area referred to therein located on East Kalimantan being herein
referred to as the "Huffco Contract Area."
     1.2 Pursuant to the Production Sharing Contract, each of
Pertamina and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell and
freely export its share of the natural gas produced and saved from
the area subject to the Production Sharing Contract, such share of
such natural gas being that percentage thereof to which each is so
entitled as determined under the Production Sharing Contract, such
percentage entitlement of each party being hereinafter referred to
as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of such party.
     1.3 Pertamina and Contractors have executed Principles of
Agreement, of even date herewith, which agreement sets forth the
principles for the expansion of the Badak LNG Project and in which
agreement provision is made for the following:
    a.   The expansion of the Badak Liquefaction Plant (as defined
    in said Principles of Agreement) from two trains to four
    trains, which expansion will include construction of such
    additional storage, port, utility, main transmission
    pipelines, plant, housing, community and other facilities as
    may be required.
         b.   The expanded plant is to be utilized in part for the
         liquefaction of natural gas supplied and delivered from
         the Huffco Contract Gas (as hereinafter defined in
         Section 3.2), the Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka
         Contract Gas (as those terms are hereinafter defined in
         Section 3.3).
         c.   It is contemplated that additional LNG resulting from the
         increased capability of the plant after the addition thereto
         of the two additional liquefaction trains (herein referred to
         as the "Expansion Trains") will be sold on the basis of the
         highest price and most favorable terms available for such LNG.
         d.   The commitment by Pertamina and each Contractor to supply
         and deliver natural gas from the Huffco Contract Gas in
         support of the performance by Pertamina of its obligations
         under the LNG sales contract referred to in Section 1.4 under
         a supply agreement to be executed between Pertamina and
         Contractors concurrently with the execution of the aforesaid
         LNG sales contract.
         e.   It is contemplated that deliveries of LNG from the
         Expansion Trains will commence on or about January 1,
         1983.
     1.4 Arrangements for the sale to The Chubu Electric Power
Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka Gas Company,
Ltd., and Toho Gas Company, Ltd. (herein collectively "Buyers") of
LNG resulting from natural gas produced from the Badak, Nilam and
other nearby fields on East Kalimantan have been made by Pertamina
in collaboration with Contractors.  These arrangements require the
simultaneous execution of this Supply Agreement and that certain
LNG Sales Contract, of even date herewith, between Pertamina, as
Seller, and Buyers, hereinafter referred to as the "Badak LNG Sales
Contract".
     1.5 The Construction Funding Letter from the Buyers to
Pertamina of even date herewith, contemplates that the Buyers will
provide funds ("Development Funds") through Japan Indonesia LNG Co.
("Jilco") to Pertamina for the construction of the expansion of the
Badak Liquefaction Plant, and that the Buyers will assign to Jilco
(the "Assignment") a certain portion of the LNG to be sold to
Buyers under the Badak LNG Sales Contract.  Refunds of Development
Funds and payment of "Development Funds Costs" accrued thereon will
be made ordinarily by Jilco's setting off such amounts against the
amounts due Pertamina for the purchase price of LNG bought by Jilco
under the Badak LNG Sales Contract.  Accordingly, except as
otherwise specified herein, the term "Buyers" shall include Jilco
as assignee under the LNG Sales Contract pursuant to the
Assignment.
     1.6 Each Contract desires to dispose of its Production
Sharing Percentage share of the natural gas produced and saved from
the Huffco Contract Gas in accordance with the terms of this Supply
Agreement.

ARTICLE  2

     2.1 This Supply Agreement shall become effective on the date
hereof and shall terminate on the date that the Badak LNG Sales
Contract terminates.

                                 ARTICLE 3

     3.1 The total quantity of natural gas to be supplied and
delivered out of proved recoverable reserves of natural gas
required to support the natural gas supply required for
liquefaction and sale as LNG under the Badak LNG Sales Contract is
3.749 trillion standard cubic feet (hereinafter referred to as
"t.s.c.f."), subject to adjustments set forth in the schedule dated
June 30, 1980 attached to the Memorandum of Understanding referred
to in Section 3.4 executed by Pertamina and Contractors
concurrently with the execution of this Supply Agreement and
subsequent revisions thereto (such total quantity, as adjusted,
being hereinafter referred to as the "Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas
Requirement").
     3.2 Pertamina and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver a part of the Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas
Requirement over the term of the Badak LNG Sales Contract, which
part shall consist of an amount of natural gas to be produced from
estimated proved recoverable reserves, subject to adjustments as
provided in sections 3.4 and 3.5 (such amounts so committed, as
adjusted, being hereinafter referred to as the "Huffco Contract
Gas").  The Huffco Contract Gas and the fields in which the Huffco
Contract Gas is located are as follows:
    a.   1.129 t.s.c.f. from the Badak Gas Unit to the extent only
    of 97.9 percent of such 1.129 t.s.c.f. which is equal to the
    percentage of natural gas in the Badak Gas Unit determined to
    be located on the Huffco Contract Area pursuant to the Badak
    Gas Unit Agreement effective as of January 1, 1976, between
    Contractors and Total Indonesie, et al., hereinafter referred
    to as the "Badak Gas Unit Agreement".
    b.   1.621 t.s.c f. from Nilam Unit to the extent only of that
    percentage of such 1.621 t.s.c.f. which is equal to the
    percentage of natural gas in the Nilam Unit determined to be
    located on the Huffco Contract Area pursuant to the Nilam Unit
    Agreement to be executed between Contractors and Total
    Indonesie, et al., hereinafter referred to as the "Nilam Unit
    Agreement".
     3.3 The balance of the Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas
Requirement will be made available and committed by Pertamina and
other production sharing contractors concurrently with the
execution of this Supply Agreement and will consist of natural gas
to be produced from estimated proved recoverable reserves of
natural gas located in other nearby areas on East Kalimantan which
are not within the Huffco Contract Area.  Such balance of the Badak
LNG Sales Contract Gas Requirement is further identified as the
Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas (both hereinafter
referred to as such), the respective amounts of which, subject to
adjustments as provided in Sections 3.4 and 3.5, and the fields in
which the same are located, are as follows:
    Mahakam Contract Gas
    a.   0.522 t.s.c.f. of natural gas from Handil Field, plus
    b.   0.122 t.s.c.f. of natural gas from Bekapai Field, plus
    c.   1.129 t.s.c.f. of natural gas from Badak Gas Unit, to the
    extent only of 2.1 per cent of such 1.129 t.s.c.f. which is
    equal to the percentage of natural gas determined to be
    located on the Total Indonesie, et al., Contract Area pursuant
    to the Badak Gas Unit Agreement, plus
    d.   That percentage of 1.621 t.s.c.f. from Nilam Unit which
    is equal to the percentage of natural gas determined to be
    located on the Total Indonesie, et al., Contract Area pursuant
    to the Nilam Unit Agreement.
    Attaka Contract Gas
         0.163  t.s.c.f.  of  natural  gas   from   Attaka Field.
     3.4 The estimated amounts of natural gas constituting the
Huffco Contract Gas, the Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka
Contract Gas have been part of the estimated reserves certified by
the independent petroleum consultant firm of DeGolyer and
MacNaughton in written statements, dated on or before November 15,
1979. The reserves of natural gas so certified and the preliminary
Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas Requirement of 3.557 t.s.c.f. shall be
subject to adjustments, including, but not limited to, the
following:
    a.   Impurities contained in the natural gas to be produced
    such as CO 2 and other non-hydrocarbons contained therein.
    b.   Natural gas which is flared prior to the time facilities
    are installed to permit storing or processing of such natural
    gas.
    c.   Other adjustments equitable to all parties.
     The East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management Committee
(hereinafter referred to as such), consisting of representatives
from Pertamina and the Operators, i.e., Huffco, Total Indonesie and
Union oil Company of Indonesia, has undertaken and will undertake
to make such adjustments, provided that if the members of such
committee shall fail to agree with regard to any such adjustments,
such adjustments shall be made by Pertamina.  The adjustments which
have been made to the date of this Supply Agreement have been
described and defined in a Memorandum of Understanding, identified
in relation to this Supply Agreement and executed by Pertamina and
Contractors concurrently with the execution of this Supply
Agreement.  A supplemental memorandum reflecting the further
adjustments provided for in the above Memorandum of Understanding
and in this Supply Agreement shall be completed and executed by
Pertamina and Contractors no later than the date of the initial
delivery of LNG under the Badak LNG Sales Contract.
     3.5 To the extent that after adjustments made pursuant to
Section 3.4 the total amount of the Huffco Contract Gas, the
Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas exceeds the Badak
LNG Sales Contract Gas Requirement, the Huffco Contract Gas and the
Mahakam Contract Gas (excluding that part of the Mahakam Contract
Gas located in Handil Field and Bekapai Field) will be reduced
ratably to reach a total which, when added to the Attaka Contract
Gas and that part of the Mahakam Contract Gas located in Handil
Field and Bekapai Field, will aggregate an amount equal to the
Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas Requirement.  Any such excess reserves
of natural gas in the Huffco Contract Area (or attributed thereto
in the Badak Gas Unit Agreement and/or the Nilam Unit Agreement) is
not committed under this Supply Agreement.
     3.6 The respective amounts of the Huffco Contract Gas, the
Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas shall, subject to
Section 7.4, be final and conclusive, upon completion of
adjustments made pursuant to Sections 3.4 and 3.5, and upon
completion of such adjustments and execution of the Nilam Unit
Agreement by Contractors and Total Indonesie, et al., and the
approval thereof by Pertamina, Pertamina and Contractors shall
execute a memorandum, identified in relation to this Supply
Agreement, confirming the respective amounts of the Huffco Contract
Gas, the Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas.
     3.7 The percentage of the Badak LNG Sales Contract Gas
Requirement represented by the Huffco Contract Gas is hereinafter
called the "Huffco Contract Gas Participating Percentage", which
percentage shall be the result derived from the following formula:

Huffco Contract Gas                  Huffco Contract Gas X 100
Participating           equals       Badak LNG Sales Contract
Percentage                           Gas Requirement



ARTICLE   4

     4.1 The natural gas to be supplied and delivered from the
Huffco Contract Gas hereunder and the natural gas to be supplied
and delivered from the Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka
Contract Gas to the liquefaction plant for liquefaction and
delivery under the Badak LNG Sales Contract shall be produced from
the various fields at times and rates which change from time to
time during the term of the Badak LNG Sales Contract so as to
secure the optimum recovery of natural gas from the fields.  The
supply of natural gas from the Huffco Contract Gas, the Mahakam
Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas will be coordinated by
Pertamina so as to conserve and permit full utilization of such
natural gas.  The sources of supply, producing rates and related
matters shall be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas
Reserves Management Committee.

ARTICLE 5

     5.1 Pertamina will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of natural gas supplied from the Huffco Contract Gas,
the Mahakam Contract Gas, and the Attaka Contract Gas to be
delivered to the Buyers at the Delivery Point specified and
defined in the Badak LNG Sales Contract. Title to each
Contractor's share of LNG resulting from the liquefaction of
natural gas supplied hereunder from the Huffco Contract Gas will
pass to Pertamina eo instante with the passage of title from
Pertamina to Buyers at such Delivery Point.
     5.2 At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG at the
Delivery Point, Pertamina will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity thereof,
together with copies of the invoices to the Buyers covering such
shipment.  Pertamina will also furnish to Contractors a copy of
each invoice or other billing delivered to the Buyers on account
of take-or-pay, interest or other payment obligations of the
Buyers under the Badak LNG Sales Contract, concurrently with their
being furnished to the Buyers. Calculation of the Contract Sales
Price and currency adjustments under the Badak LNG Sales Contract,
and the amount of sales invoices and other billings to the Buyers,
and any adjustments, shall be reviewed and approved by Pertamina
and Contractors prior to presentation to the Buyers.

ARTICLE 6

     6.1 Matters which affect the Badak LNG Sales Contract or the
sale and delivery of LNG thereunder will be administered by a
representative to be appointed by Pertamina and the representative
appointed by Contractors under Section 9.1.  It is understood,
however, that it will be necessary from time to time for Pertamina
as Seller to take certain administrative and operational actions
without prior consultation where immediate action is required.
Contractors will be promptly advised of such action.
     6.2 Pertamina and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the Badak LNG Sales
Contract.  Pertamina and Contractors shall confer and agree as to
any amendment to the Badak LNG Sales Contract and as to any
permitted action or election under the Badak LNG Sales Contract
which constitutes a material adjustment in the quantities of LNG
to be sold and delivered thereunder or change in the term thereof. 
At the request of any party thereto, a memorandum evidencing such
agreement shall be prepared as soon as feasible and signed by each
party thereto.

ARTICLE 7
     7.1 The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the LNG to be delivered under this Supply Agreement shall,
subject to the provisions of Section 7.2, be its Production
Sharing Percentage of the Huffco Contract Gas Participating
Percentage of:
    a.   An amount equal to the Contract Sales Price per million
    BTU's in effect at the time of delivery of such LNG provided
    in the Badak LNG Sales Contract to be paid by each Buyer to
    Seller for LNG sold and delivered under the Badak LNG Sales
    Contract, and in addition
    b.   All other amounts which each Buyer shall become
    obligated to pay to Seller pursuant to the Badak LNG Sales
    Contract, including:
         (i)  Amounts payable by such Buyer on account of Fixed
              Quantities required to  be taken but which are not
              taken by such Buyer;
         (ii) Any incremental payments applicable to make-up
              deliveries; and
         (iii)Any interest accruing on overdue invoice payments.

    7.2  Amounts referred to in Sections 7.1 (a) and 7.1(b)     
to be paid by each Buyer to Seller under the Badak LNG Sales
Contract shall not include or be deemed to include amounts
applicable to LNG assigned to Jilco pursuant to the Assignment to
the extent such amounts are set off by Jilco against required
refunds of Development Funds or payments of Development Funds
Costs as described in Section 1.5. To the extent Jilco pays any
amount owed by it under the Badak LNG Sales Contract, rather than
exercising any right of set-off with respect thereto, amounts
referred to in Section 7.1 (a) and 7.1 (b) to be paid by each
Buyer to Seller under the Badak LNG Sales Contract shall include
the amounts so paid by Jilco.
     7.3 Amounts payable to Contractors on account of LNG
delivered under the Badak LNG Sales Contract, or on account of
take-or-pay payments or interest payable by the Buyers, or
otherwise, shall become due and payable on the due date of the
Buyers' related payment obligation pursuant to the Badak LNG Sales
Contract.  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor
of the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section
7.1, Pertamina hereby assigns to Contractors the Production
Sharing Percentage of Contractors of the Huffco Contract Gas
Participating Percentage of all amounts payable by each Buyer
under the Badak LNG Sales Contract other than amounts payable by
Jilco which are set off against required refunds of Development
Funds or payments of Development Funds Costs as described in
Section 1.5.
     7.4 The right of Contractors to the payments provided for in
this Article 7 shall extend throughout the term of this Supply
Agreement and shall not be affected by the production rates or
sources of natural gas supplied from the Huffco Contract Gas, the
Mahakam Contract Gas or the Attaka Contract Gas from time to time
during the term of the Badak LNG Sales Contract, provided,
however, that if natural gas constituting a part of the Huffco
Contract Gas, the Mahakam Contract Gas or the Attaka Contract Gas
is utilized for or committed to purposes other than the supply and
delivery of natural gas for liquefaction and sale under the Badak
LNG Sales Contract, then the Huffco Contract Gas, the Mahakam
Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract Gas will be adjusted to
correspond to the respective commitment of proven reserves of
natural gas by each to the remaining part of the Badak LNG Sales
Contract Gas Requirement, and the Huffco Contract Gas
Participating Percentage will be adjusted accordingly.
     7.5 Throughout the term of this Supply Agreement, all
payments from the Buyers under the Badak LNG Sales Contract shall
be paid by the Buyers to a leading bank in the United States
selected by Pertamina and Contractors pursuant to a Trustee/Paying
Agent Agreement, the parties to which shall include Pertamina,
each Contractor and other production sharing contractors
associated with the Mahakam Contract Gas and the Attaka Contract
Gas.  Such Trustee/ Paying Agent Agreement will provide for the
payment by the Trustee/Paying Agent bank out of the revenues
received applicable to the Huffco Contract Gas of the Huffco
Contract Gas Participating Percentage of the fees payable to P. T.
Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction Company for the processing of
natural gas supplied for the Badak LNG Sales Contract and of
amounts payable to cover the costs applicable to the Badak LNG
Expansion Project as approved by Pertamina and the Contractors. 
The amounts remaining in the hands of the Trustee/Paying Agent
bank applicable to the Huffco Contract Gas after payment of such
costs shall be disbursed to Pertamina and each Contractor in
accordance with their respective Production Sharing Percentages of
entitlement at a bank or banks of their choice.

ARTICLE 8

     8.1 All disputes arising in connection with this Supply
Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in
Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the Rules of Arbitration
of the International Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment upon the award
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction or
application may be made to such court for a juridical acceptance
of the award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. 
This Supply Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States
of America.

ARTICLE 9

     9.1    Roy M. Huffington, Inc. is designated representative
by Contractors for performance on behalf of Contractors of their 
obligation under Section 6.1 and for the giving of notices,
responses or other communications to and from Contractors under
this Supply Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by
written notice to such effect from the Contractors to Pertamina.

ARTICLE 10

     10.1     This Supply Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.
     10.2      The Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and
be binding upon, Pertamina and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Supply Agreement shall
be assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contract.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Pertamina and Contractors have executed
this Supply Agreement, by their duly authorized representatives,
this 14th day of April, 1981.

                        PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
                        DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)


                        By              /s/            

                        ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC.


                        By              /s/            


                        VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY


                        By              /s/             

                        GOLDEN EAGLE INDONESIA LIMITED


                        By              /s/            

                        THE SUPERIOR OIL COMPANY


                        By              /s/            

                        UNION TEXAS FAR EAST CORPORATION


                        By              /s/            


                        UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC.


                        By              /s/            

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>17
<DESCRIPTION>LNG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>







                                LNG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
                                 (KOREA II)
                                 
     
                                BETWEEN


            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                (PERTAMINA)

                                 As Seller

                                  AND


                                KOREA GAS CORPORATION

                                 As Buyer

                                Effective from May 7, 1991

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                       PAGE

TABLE OF CONTENTS                                        i

PREAMBLE ...........................................      1   
ARTICLE 1  -   DEFINITIONS .........................      2
               1.1  Actual Cubic Foot ..............      2
               1.2  Affiliate ......................      2
               1.3  Allowed Laytime ................      2
               1.4  Annual Program .................      2
               1.5  Applicable Production Facility..      3
               1.6  Arun Facility ..................      3
               1.7  Badak Facility .................      3
               1.8  British Thermal Unit (BTU)            3
               1.9  Business Day ....................     4
               1.10 Buyer ...........................     4
                    1.11  Buyer's Transporter  ......     4
                    1.12  Certificate ...............     4
               1.13 Conditions of Use ...............     4
               1.14 Contract ........................     4
               1.15 Contract Sales Price ............     5
               1.16 Coordinated Maintenance Schedule.     5
               1.17 Cubic Meter (CBM) ...............     5
               1.18 Demurrage .......................     5
               1.19 Delivery Point ..................     5
               1.20 Downward Adjustment (DA) ........     5
               1.21 DA Period .......................     6
               1.22 ETA .............................     6
               1.23 Fixed Quantity ..................     6
               1.24 Fixed Quantity Period ...........     6
               1.25 Force Majeure ...................     6
               1.26  Force Majeure Deficiency .......     6
               1.27 Gas Supply Area(s) ..............     7
               1.28 Gross Heating Value .............     7
               1.29 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) .....     7
               1.30 LNG Tanker ......................     8
               1.31 LNG Tanker Cargo Lot ............     8
               1.32 Loading Ports ...................     8
               1.33 Loading Port Facility(ies) ......     8
               1.34 Make-Up LNG .....................     9
               1.35  Natural Gas ....................     9
               1.36 Ninety-Day Schedule .............     9
               1.37 Notice of Readiness .............     9
               1.38 Omnibus Agreement ...............     9
               1.39 Proved Remaining Recoverable
                    Reserves ........................    10
               1.40 Quantity Deficiency .............    10
               1.41 Receiving Facility ..............    10
               1.42 Restoration Quantities ..........    10

                                                       PAGE

               1.43 Round-up Request ................    10
               1.44  Seller .........................    11
               1.45 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation ..    11
               1.46 Seller's Suppliers ..............    11
               1.47  Standard Cubic Foot (scf).......    13
               1.48 Statement of Cooling Time .......    13
               1.49 Supply Agreement ................    13
               1.50 Take-or-Pay Quantity ............    13
               1.51 Unloading Port ..................    13
               1.52 Used Laytime ....................    14
               1.53 Waiver Agreement ................    14
               1.54 Year 21 Quantity ................    14

ARTICLE 2  -   SALE AND PURCHASE ....................    15

ARTICLE 3  -   SOURCES OF SUPPLY .....................   16
               3.1  Sources of Supply ................   16
               3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas ..........   16

ARTICLE 4  -   TRANSPORTATION ........................   19
               4.1  Transportation by Buyer ..........   19
               4.2  LNG Tankers ......................   19
               4.3  Loading Port Facilities ..........   20
               4.4  Loading Port Obligations .........   22
               4.5  Cargo Loading ....................   23
               4.6  Notifications of Estimated Time 
                    of Arrival at Loading Port;
                    Cooling Requirements .............   24
               4.7  Berthing Assignments .............   27
               4.8  Vessels Not Ready for Loading ....   27
               4.9  Notice of Readiness ..............   28
               4.10 Tank Temperature for Loading and 
                    Statement of Cooling Time .......    29
               4.11 Quantities for Purging and 
                    Cooling of Tanks ................    30
               4.12 Demurrage At Loading Port.........   31
               4.13 Effect of Loading Port Delays;
                    Transportation Costs..............   35

ARTICLE 5  -   ON-SHORE FACILITIES ...................   38
               5.1  Receiving Facilities .............   38
               5.2  Production Facilities ............   38

ARTICLE 6  -   DURATION OF CONTRACT ..................   40


ARTICLE 7  -   QUANTITIES ............................   41
               7.1  Fixed Quantity ...................   41
               7.2  Deliveries .......................   44
               7.3  Buyer's Obligation 
                    to Take-or-Pay ...................   45

                                                       PAGE           

               7.4  Allocation of Deliveries of
                    Fixed Quantities Between 
                    Buyer and Other Purchasers .......   47
               7.5  Make-Up LNG ......................   49
               7.6  Force Majeure Deficiency .........   51
               7.7  Allocation for Make-Up LNG
                    and Restoration Quantities .......   54
               7.8  Priority Order ...................   54

 ARTICLE 8  -  CONTRACT SALES PRICE ..................   56
               8.1  Contract Sales Price .............   56          
               8.2  Redetermination of Contract 
                    Sales Price ......................   57
                                                     
ARTICLE 9  -   TRANSFER OF TITLE .....................   59

ARTICLE 10 -   INVOICES AND PAYMENT ..................   60
               10.1 Invoices and Cargo Documents .....   60
               10.2 Other Invoices ...................   61
               10.3 Invoice Due Dates ................   61
               10.4 Payment ..........................   63
               10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's  
                    Failure to Make Payment ..........   64
               10.6 Disputed Invoices ................   65

ARTICLE 11 -   QUALITY ...............................   67
               11.1 Gross Heating Value ..............   67
               11.2 Components .......................   67

ARTICLE 12 -   PROGRAMMING OF DELIVERIES .............   69
               12.1 Annual Programs ..................   69
               12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules .............   70
               12.3 Maintenance and Inspection 
                    Coordination .....................   71

ARTICLE 13 -   MEASUREMENT AND TESTS .................   73
               13.1 Parties to Supply Devices ........   73
               13.2 Selection of Devices .............   73
               13.3 Units of Measurement and 
                    Calibration ......................   74
               13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers..   75
               13.5 Gauging and Measuring 
                    LNG Volumes Unloaded .............   75
               13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis .....   76
               13.7 Quality Analysis .................   76
               13.8 Operating Procedures .............   77
               13.9 BTU Quantity Delivered ...........   78
               13.10 Verification of Accuracy 
                    and Correction for Error .........   78

                                                       PAGE           

               13.11 Costs and Expenses of Tests       
                    and Verifications ................   79

ARTICLE 14 -   DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES .............   80
               14.1 Indonesian Taxes .................   80
               14.2 Port Charges .....................   80

ARTICLE 15 -   FORCE MAJEURE  ........................   81
               15.1 Events of Force Majeure ..........   81
               15.2 Notice, Resumption of 
                    Normal Performance ...............   83
               15.3 Settlement of Industrial 
                    Disturbances .....................   85

ARTICLE 16 -   ARBITRATION; REFERENCE TO EXPERT ......   86
               16.1 Arbitration ......................   86
               16.2 Disputes of Technical Nature .....   86

ARTICLE 17 -   APPLICABLE LAW ........................   88

ARTICLE 18 -   AUTHORIZATIONS AND APPROVALS ..........   89

ARTICLE 19 -   CONFIDENTIALITY .......................   90

ARTICLE 20 -   NOTICES ...............................   92

ARTICLE 21 -   ASSIGNMENT ............................   95

ARTICLE 22 -   AMENDMENT AND WAIVER ..................   96
               22.1 Amendment ........................   96 
               22.2 Waiver ...........................   96 

ARTICLE 23 -   DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE ................   97

ARTICLE 24 -   JOINT COORDINATING COMMITTEE ..........   98

ARTICLE 25 -   SCOPE .................................   99

ARTICLE 26 -   LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT ...............  100

ARTICLE 27 -   HEADINGS ...............................  101

ARTICLE 28 -   COUNTERPARTS ...........................  102 

SIGNATURE PAGE ........................................  103 

SCHEDULE A     ........................................  A-1


<PAGE>
                                PREAMBLE

                                    
THIS CONTRACT, executed this 7th day of May, 1991 (the
"Contract"), is made by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA, a State Enterprise of the Republic of
Indonesia, ("Pertamina") and KOREA GAS CORPORATION, a corporation
organized under the laws of the Republic of Korea, ("KGC").  (KGC
and Pertamina are collectively referred to as the "Parties" and
individually as a "Party".)

In consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, KGC
and Pertamina hereby agree as follows:



<PAGE>
ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

The terms or expressions set forth below will have the following
meanings when used in this Contract.  Except as otherwise
specifically provided, the singular shall include the plural or
vise versa.

1.1  Actual Cubic Foot 

     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
     foot.         

1.2  Affiliate

     A company that controls, is controlled by, or that is
     controlled by a company that controls Buyer, Seller, or any
     of Seller's Suppliers.

1.3  Allowed Laytime

     As defined in Subarticle 4.12(a).

1.4  Annual Program

     As defined in Subarticle 12.1. 

1.5  Applicable Production Facility

     As defined in Subarticle 5.2.

1.6  Arun Facility

     As defined in Subarticle 5.2.

1.7  Badak Facility 

     As defined in Subarticle 5.2.

1.8  British Thermal Unit (BTU); (MMBTU)

     The amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one
     avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.0 degrees Fahrenheit
     to 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit at an absolute pressure of 14.696
     pounds per square inch.  MMBTU means one million (1,000,000)
     BTU's. 

1.9  Business Day
                                                  
     Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays and national
     holidays of the country concerned.
     
1.10 Buyer

     Korea Gas Corporation, a corporation organized under the
     laws of the Republic of Korea, or the successor-in-interest
     to such corporation, or the permitted assignee of such
     corporation or such successor-in-interest.

1.11 Buyer's Transporter

          The owner(s) and the operator of an LNG Tanker.

1.12 Certificate

          As defined in Subarticle 3.2(a). 

1.13 Conditions of Use
 
          As defined in Subarticle 4.4(c). 
    
1.14 Contract

     This Sales and Purchase Contract including Schedule A
     otherwise known as "Korea II", as it may from time to time
     be amended, modified, varied or supplemented in accordance
     with Article 22 hereof.

1.15 Contract Sales Price

     As defined in Subarticle 8.1.

1.16 Coordinated Maintenance Schedule

     As defined in Subarticle 12.3.

1.17 Cubic Meter (CBM)

     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
     meter. 

1.18 Demurrage

     As defined in Subarticle 4.12(a).

1.19 Delivery Point

     The point at the applicable Loading Port at which the flange
     coupling of Seller's loading line joins the flange coupling
     of the LNG loading manifold onboard any LNG Tanker. 

1.20 Downward Adjustment (DA)

     As defined in Subarticle 7.1(b)(1).

1.21 DA Period

     The Fixed Quantity Period in relation to which a Downward
     Adjustment is exercised pursuant to Subarticle 7.1(b). 

1.22 ETA

     Estimated time of arrival, as defined in Subarticle 4.6(a). 

1.23 Fixed Quantity

     As defined in Subarticle 7.1(a). 
    
1.24 Fixed Quantity Period

     As defined in Subarticle 7.1(a). 

1.25      Force Majeure
    
     As defined in Subarticle 15.1. 

1.26      Force Majeure Deficiency

     As defined in Subarticle 7.6(a)(1). 

1.27      Gas Supply Area(s)

     The areas in North Sumatra, Indonesia and in East
     Kalimantan, Indonesia, respectively, covered by production
     sharing contracts between Seller and Seller's Suppliers and
     such other nearby contract areas to each of the foregoing as
     Seller may designate from time to time. 

1.28 Gross Heating Value 

     The quantity of heat, expressed in British Thermal Units,
     produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic foot
     
     of anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60.0 degrees
     Fahrenheit and an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per
     square inch, with the air at the same temperature and
     pressure as the gas, after cooling the products of the
     combustion to the initial temperature of the gas and air,
     and after condensation of the water formed by combustion. 

1.29 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) 

     Natural Gas in a liquid state, at or below its boiling point
     and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere. 

1.30 LNG Tanker

     An ocean-going vessel, meeting the requirements of
     Subarticle 4.2, suitable for transporting LNG, which is used
     by Buyer for transportation of LNG delivered under this
     Contract. 

1.31 LNG Tanker Cargo Lot

     That quantity of LNG (stated in billions of BTU's) which
     represents, for purposes of calculations hereunder, the
     maximum amount of LNG that can practicably be loaded onto an
     LNG Tanker at a Loading Port, taking into account vessel
     capacity, port restrictions, heel requirements, actual
     deliveries of full LNG cargoes under this Contract and other
     relevant considerations.    

1.32 Loading Ports

     The ports respectively located at the Badak Facility and the
     Arun Facility.                 

1.33 Loading Port Facility(ies)

     As defined in Subarticle 4.3(a).

1.34 Make-Up LNG

     As defined in Subarticle 7.5(a)(1).

1.35 Natural Gas

     Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons consisting
     essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons and non-
     combustible gases in a gaseous state and which is extracted
     from the subsurface of the earth in its natural state,
     separately or together with liquid hydrocarbons. 

1.36 Ninety-Day Schedule

     As defined in Subarticle 12.2. 

1.37 Notice of Readiness

     As defined in Subarticle 4.9. 

1.38 Omnibus Agreement

     As defined in Subarticle 4.4(c). 

1.39 Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves

     Reserves which have been proved to a high degree of
     certainty by reason of actual completion and/or successful
     testing of well(s), or in certain cases by adequate core
     analyses, and which are defined areally by reasonable
     geological interpretation of structure and known continuity
     of oil- or gas-saturated material. 

1.40 Quantity Deficiency

     As defined in Subarticle 7.3(a). 

1.41 Receiving Facility

     As defined in Subarticle 5.1. 

1.42 Restoration Quantities
 
     As defined in Subarticle 7.6(a)(1).          

1.43 Round-Up Request

     As defined in Subarticle 7.3(a)(2). 

1.44 Seller

     Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
     ("Pertamina"), a State Enterprise of the Republic of
     Indonesia, or the successor-in-interest of such enterprise,
     or the permitted assignee of such enterprise or such
     successor-in-interest.

1.45 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation

     From time to time on any given date the amount of Natural
     Gas required to satisfy the remaining obligations of Seller
     on such date to supply LNG or Natural Gas from the Gas
     Supply Area(s) plus the amount of Natural Gas from the Gas
     Supply Area(s) required to supply any additional commitment
     or commitments which Seller anticipates making. 

1.46 Seller's Suppliers

     In respect of portions of the LNG to be sold hereunder:
     
          (a)   From the Badak Facility:

               (1)  Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL
                    Houston,Inc., OPICOIL IJV, Inc., Ultramar
                    Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
                    Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
                    Company,Inc. and Virginia International
                    Company; 

               (2)  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.;

               (3)  Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia
                    Petroleum Ltd.;         

          (b)  From the Arun Facility:

               (1)   Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc.

     and such other entities that may, from time to time, execute
     a Supply Agreement with Seller as well as any successors and
     assignees of any of the aforesaid suppliers who shall have
     agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations of
     their respective assignors under the applicable agreement
     with Seller under which such suppliers make available for
     sale hereunder their respective interests in the quantities
     of LNG to be sold hereunder. 

1.47 Standard Cubic Foot (scf)

     The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor occupying a
     volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a temperature of 60.0
     degrees Fahrenheit and at an absolute pressure of 14.696
     pounds per square inch. 

1.48 Statement of Cooling Time

     As defined in Subarticle 4.10. 

1.49 Supply Agreement

     As defined in Subarticle 3.1.

1.50 Take-or-Pay Quantity

     As defined in Subarticle 7.5(a)(1).

1.51 Unloading Port

     The port in Pyeong Taek near Asan Bay, Korea where the
     Receiving Facility is located and such other port in Korea
     as agreed to between Buyer and Seller.

1.52 Used Laytime

     As defined in Subarticle 4.12(a).

1.53 Waiver Agreement

     As defined in Subarticle 4.4(c).
     
1.54 Year 21 Quantity

     As defined in Subarticle 7.1(b)(4). 

ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE

Seller agrees to sell and deliver at the applicable Delivery
Point and Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay for, or to
pay for if not taken, LNG in the quantities and prices in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Contract.


ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

3.1  Sources of Supply

     The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and
     delivered hereunder is to be produced from the Gas Supply
     Areas.  Seller represents that it will maintain throughout
     the term of the Contract the right to sell all quantities of
     LNG required to be sold and delivered hereunder.  In this
     connection, Seller represents that it has executed or will
     execute from time to time, as required in order to maintain
     the right to sell quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered
     hereunder, agreements (individually a "Supply Agreement")
     with Seller's Suppliers under which Supply Agreements the
     respective Suppliers shall make available for sale and
     delivery hereunder their respective interests in the 
     quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered hereunder.

3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas

     (a)  Seller has furnished Buyer with a statement or
          statements, each entitled a "Certificate" and each
          dated on or prior to May 1, 1989, of DeGolyer and
          MacNaughton expressing that firm's estimate of Proved
          Remaining Recoverable Reserves (as defined in the
          Certificate) of Natural Gas in the applicable Gas
          Supply Area.  Seller represents that such estimated
          quantity is in excess of Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
          as of the effective date of this Contract.  Hereafter,
          and throughout the term of this Contract, before
          committing additional Natural Gas from the Gas Supply
          Area(s) to sale or other utilization, Seller shall
          secure from an independent petroleum engineering
          consultant firm of recognized standing in the petroleum
          industry, qualified by reputation and experience in
          estimating reserves of oil and natural gas in
          subsurface reservoirs the written statement (a
          "Certificate") of such firm expressing its estimate of
          Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in
          the Gas Supply Area(s) in an amount at least equal to
          Seller's Gas Supply Obligation.  Seller shall furnish
          to Buyer a copy of each Certificate of such independent
          petroleum engineering consultant firm on which Seller
          relies in making any such commitment for supply of
          Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area(s).  Seller shall
          also furnish all supporting documentation provided by
          such independent petroleum engineering consultant firm
          in connection with the issuance of such Certificate.

     (b)  If, during the term of this Contract, Seller obtains
          information from its activities (including the
          activities of Seller's Supplier(s)) in the operating
          fields in the Gas Supply Area(s) which indicates
          unforeseen  adverse  changes  in  the  Proved
          RemainingRecoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in such
          Gas Supply Area(s), Seller shall promptly inform Buyer
          of such situation and inform Buyer of any measures
          which Seller may elect to take in order to increase the
          amount of Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
          Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area(s).

ARTICLE 4 - TRANSPORTATION

4.1  Transportation by Buyer

     Buyer shall provide, or cause to be provided, transportation
     from the Loading Ports for quantities of LNG sold and
     delivered under this Contract.  The LNG shall be transported
     to and unloaded at the Unloading Port.

4.2. LNG Tankers

     (a)  Buyer, at no expense to Seller, shall at all times
          provide, maintain and operate, or cause to be provided,
          maintained and operated for its performance under this
          Contract, LNG Tankers compatible in all respects with
          the Loading Port Facilities at the Arun and Badak
          Facilities. Should any vessel proposed to be used by
          Buyer as an LNG Tanker fail to be compatible with each
          of Seller's Loading Port Facilities and if Seller
          agrees to make necessary modifications to any Loading
          Port Facility, Buyer shall reimburse Seller for all
          costs relating to such modifications incurred by
          Seller.  However, Seller shall not be obliged to make
          any modifications to its Loading Port Facilities which
          would adversely affect its obligations or rights under
          its other LNG sales contracts or adversely affect the
          operation of its facilities.  Nothing herein shall
          excuse or suspend Buyer's purchase, transportation, or
          other obligations under this Contract.

     (b)  The LNG Tanker shall be designed, equipped and manned
          so as safely to permit the loading of a full cargo in
          approximately twelve (12) hours of pumping time and to
          accept cargo at a rate up to approximately eleven
          thousand (11,000) CBM per hour (being the full design
          pumping rate of Seller's loading pumps, which rate
          shall be subject to revision after mutual agreement). 
          Buyer shall cause Buyer's Transporter to obtain, at no
          cost to Seller, all port approvals, marine permits and
          other authorizations necessary for the use of any LNG
          Tanker in Indonesia and Korea.  The provisions of this
          Contract applicable to LNG Tanker shall apply whether
          any LNG Tanker is owned and operated by the Buyer, or
          otherwise.
 
4.3  Loading Port Facilities

     (a)  Seller shall at all times provide, maintain and
          operate, or cause to be provided, maintained and
          operated, facilities at each Loading Port ("Loading
          Port Facilities") as follows:

          (1)  A berth and port facilities, including a channel
               and turning basin, all (together with a holding
               anchorage which Seller shall cause to be
               designated) capable of receiving an LNG Tanker,
               where such LNG Tanker may safely proceed to, lie
               at and depart from, always afloat at all times of
               the tide.

          (2)  Loading facilities capable of loading LNG at an
               approximate rate of ten thousand (10,000) CBM per
               hour at a normal operating pressure of about
               forty-two and one-half pounds per square inch
               gauge (42.5 psig) (3kg/CM2) at the Delivery Point. 
               Pressure at the Delivery Point shall never exceed
               one hundred twenty pounds per square inch gauge
               (120 psig) (8.5kg/CM2).

          (3)  A boil-off gas return system capable of receiving
               boil-off gas from an LNG Tanker at the rate
               required for the loading of LNG at the rate
               specified in Subarticle 4.3(a)(2) above.

          (4)  Appropriate systems for telex, facsimile and radio
               communication with the LNG Tanker.

     (b)  Seller shall not be obligated to provide facilities for
          repair of LNG Tankers.

4.4  Loading Port Obligations

     (a)  The LNG Tanker shall utilize the applicable Loading
          Port Facilities, subject to observance of all relevant
          port regulations.  Any tugs, pilots, escort or other
          support vessels required for the safe berthing of an
          LNG Tanker shall be employed at the sole risk and
          expense of the LNG Tanker.  Prior to each loading,
          Buyer shall be responsible for determining the
          availability of utilities required by the LNG Tanker at
          the applicable Loading Port, which will be provided by
          Seller, if available, and be for Buyer's account.

     (b)  Buyer shall be responsible for payment of amounts due
          for supplies and services requested by the master of
          the LNG Tanker.
          
     (c)  Conditions of Use for Blang Lancang and Bontang Selatan
          LNG Marine Terminals, respectively ("Conditions of
          Use") will be signed by the master of each LNG Tanker
          before using the applicable Loading Port Facilities. 
          The Conditions of Use for each Loading Port shall be
          modified by an omnibus agreement ("Omnibus Agreement")
          between Seller, Seller's Suppliers and Buyer's
          Transporter and a waiver agreement ("Waiver Agreement")
          between Seller, Seller's Suppliers, Buyer's Transporter
          and Buyer in the same form and substance as hitherto
          executed in connection with the use of such Loading
          Port by other LNG tankers.  Prior to the first sale and
          delivery of LNG from each Loading Port under this
          Contract, Seller shall sign, and cause Seller's
          Suppliers to sign, the Omnibus Agreement and Waiver
          Agreement; Buyer shall sign, and cause Buyer's
          Transporters to sign, the Waiver Agreement; and Buyer
          shall cause Buyer's Transporter to sign the Omnibus
          Agreement.

     (d)  In the interests of the smooth and timely performance
          of Buyer's obligation to provide transportation of LNG
          purchased under this Contract, Seller shall provide
          assistance to Buyer and Buyer's Transporter in
          obtaining equipment, supplies, services upon the same
          terms as the assistance provided by Seller to the other
          LNG tankers using the applicable Loading Port.

4.5  Cargo Loading

     (a)  The LNG to be sold and purchased hereunder shall be
          pumped into an LNG Tanker at Seller's expense through
          manifold strainers of sixty (60) mesh (or such other
          mesh as shall be agreed from time to time by the
          Parties) provided by the LNG Tanker.  Unless otherwise
          provided in this Contract or absent agreement of the
          Parties or an unavoidable circumstance, the LNG shall
          be delivered and received in full LNG Tanker Cargo
          Lots.

     (b)  There shall be no charge for any Natural Gas boiled-off
          from the LNG Tanker while berthed at a Loading Port
          that is returned to Seller's Loading Port Facilities. 
          The LNG Tanker shall compress such boil-off gas to the
          extent required to maintain the gas pressure in the LNG
          Tanker's cargo tanks as well as in the boil-off gas
          return line within allowable operating limits during
          loading.  Seller shall operate the boil-off gas return
          system in a manner that will permit the gas pressure in
          the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks to be maintained within
          the allowable operating limits of such tanks.

4.6. Notifications of Estimated Time of Arrival 
     at Loading Port; Cooling Requirements

     (a)  Buyer shall give prompt notice to Seller by telex or
          facsimile of the date and hour on which each LNG Tanker
          departs from the Unloading Port or drydock/repair port
          and the estimated time of arrival ("ETA") at the
          applicable Loading Port.  Buyer shall include in such
          notice to Seller a statement of:

          (1)  The estimated quantity of LNG that will be
               required to cool the LNG Tanker's cargo tanks to
               permit continuous loading of LNG and the estimated
               time that will be required for such cooling, both
               of which will be based upon the date the LNG
               Tanker is expected to commence loading.

          (2)  Any operational deficiencies in the LNG Tanker
               that may affect its port performance.

          (3)  Requirements for available utilities.

          Buyer shall arrange for the LNG Tanker's master to
          notify Seller regarding any change in the ETA equal to
          or greater than twelve (12) hours.  If the LNG Tanker's
          cargo tanks require cooling or if the cooling or
          utilities requirements or the condition of the LNG
          Tanker should change due to circumstances discovered
          after transmittal of the notice required by this
          Subarticle 4.6(a), the master of the LNG Tanker shall
          give prompt notice thereof to Seller, setting forth the
          information required by this Subarticle 4.6(a) and
          amending the information previously given to Seller.

     (b)  Ninety-six (96) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's arrival
          at the Loading Port, the LNG Tanker's master shall give
          notice by telex or facsimile to Seller, stating its
          ETA.  If this ETA changes by more than six (6) hours,
          the LNG Tanker's master shall promptly give notice of
          the corrected ETA to Seller.

     (c)  Forty-eight (48) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's
          arrival at the Loading Port, its master shall give
          notice by telex or facsimile to Seller confirming or
          amending its latest ETA notice.  If this ETA changes by
          more than six (6) hours the master shall promptly give
          notice of the corrected ETA to Seller.

     (d)  Twenty-four (24) hours prior to the LNG Tanker's
          arrival at the Loading Port, an ETA notice shall be
          sent by telex or facsimile and by radio to Seller
          confirming or amending the latest ETA notice.  If this
          ETA changes by more than two (2) hours the master shall
          give prompt notice of the corrected ETA to Seller.

     (e)  The master shall send a final ETA notice by telex or
          facsimile and radio five (5) hours prior to the LNG
          Tanker's arrival at the Loading Port.

4.7  Berthing Assignments

     Seller shall determine the berthing sequence of LNG tankers
     at each Loading Port in order to best ensure compliance with
     the overall loading schedule of the Arun and Badak
     Facilities, as applicable (including the Annual Program and
     Ninety-Day Schedule hereunder) and shall notify the masters
     of the LNG Tankers of their berthing priority, upon receipt
     of the Notice of Readiness.

4.8  Vessels Not Ready for Loading

     (a)  If an LNG Tanker arrives not ready to load for any
          reason, Seller may or may not allow it to berth.  In
          the case of an LNG Tanker only requiring cooldown to be
          ready to load Seller shall not defer berthing if such
          cooldown was provided for in the most recent Ninety-Day
          Schedule, or if the cooldown time is not expected to
          exceed six (6) hours.  Whenever Buyer notifies Seller
          that an LNG Tanker will require cooldown, Seller shall
          make provision therefor in the Ninety-Day Schedule as
          soon as Seller can do so without disrupting the overall
          loading schedule or operations of the applicable
          Loading Port Facility.

     (b)  If any LNG Tanker, previously believed to be ready for
          loading or cooling, is determined to be not ready after
          being berthed,  Seller may direct the master to vacate
          the berth and proceed to anchorage, whether or not
          other LNG tankers are awaiting a berth, unless it
          appears reasonably certain that such LNG Tanker can be
          readied within four (4) hours and Seller has not
          concluded that such LNG Tanker is unsafe.

     (c)  When an LNG Tanker at anchorage is ready for loading or
          cooling its master will notify Seller.  Seller shall
          assign a berth to such LNG Tanker as soon as Seller is
          able to do so without disrupting Seller's loading
          requirements or operations.

4.9  Notice of Readiness

     As soon as an LNG Tanker is securely moored at the berth or
     securely anchored awaiting a berth, has received all
     necessary port clearances and is able to receive LNG for
     loading or cooling, its master shall give notice of
     readiness to Seller ("Notice of Readiness");  provided,
     however, that in the event an LNG Tanker arrives at the
     applicable Loading Port prior to the date established in the
     Ninety-Day Schedule (and any revisions thereof except those
     made after the LNG Tanker has commenced its voyage to the
     Loading Port unless made as a result of delays caused by the
     operations of the LNG Tankers) the Notice of Readiness shall
     be deemed effective at the earlier of: (A) 0:00 a.m. local
     time on the scheduled loading date; or (B) the time loading
     commences.

4.10 Tank Temperature for Loading and Statement of Cooling Time

     Buyer shall cause Buyer's Transporter after each discharge
     of a cargo at the Unloading Port to retain on board each LNG
     Tanker sufficient LNG, based on normal operations of the
     vessel (subject to making adequate provision for any
     mechanical problems of which Buyer's Transporter is aware),
     to maintain, for a period of not less than twenty-four (24)
     hours after the later of: (A) the actual arrival; or (B)    
     0:00 a.m. local time on the scheduled loading date of such
     vessel at the applicable Loading Port, a temperature in its
     cargo tanks sufficiently cold to permit continuous loading
     of LNG ("Arrival Temperature Requirement"); provided,
     however, that the Arrival Temperature Requirement shall not
     apply upon the vessel's initial entry into service, or in
     cases where the LNG Tanker proceeds directly from a
     drydock/repair port to a Loading Port.  When an LNG Tanker
     requires cooling, the master or Buyer shall inform Seller at
     the time of the first notice under Subarticle 4.6(a) and
     also at the time of the Notice of Readiness pursuant to
     Subarticle 4.9, hereof.  After the vessel has been cooled to
     a temperature required to enable continuous loading to take
     place, Buyer and Seller shall sign a statement of cooling
     time ("Statement of Cooling Time").

4.11 Quantities for Purging and Cooling of Tanks

     Quantities of LNG required to purge and cool each LNG Tanker
     to the temperature that will permit continuous loading of
     LNG shall be delivered by Seller without charge to Buyer
     upon the initial entry of such vessel into service as an LNG
     Tanker subsequent to gas trials and upon its return to
     service after each scheduled maintenance period.  For a
     vessel temporarily in service as an LNG Tanker to receive
     such quantities of LNG without charge to Buyer, such vessel
     must remain in service for a period of not less than four
     (4) continuous months.  All other LNG required by the vessel
     for purging and cooling shall be sold, delivered and
     invoiced by Seller and paid for by Buyer at the Contract
     Sales Price applicable to such cargo;  provided that where
     any LNG Tanker, having met the Arrival Temperature
     Requirement, needs purging or cooldown due to an event which
     does not extend the Allowed Laytime under Subarticle 4.12
     below, then such LNG shall be provided by Seller without
     charge.  The Contract Sales Price shall be applied to the
     total liquid quantities delivered for purging and cooling,
     measured before evaporation.  The Parties will determine by
     mutual agreement the rates and pressures for delivery of LNG
     for purging and cooling and the method for determining
     quantities used for such operations.  Quantities of LNG used
     to bring the LNG Tanker to a temperature permitting
     continuous loading of LNG shall not be applied against the
     quantities required to be sold by Seller and taken, or paid
     for if not taken, by Buyer under Subarticle 7.3 of this
     Contract.

4.12 Demurrage at Loading Port

     (a)  In the event used laytime in loading an LNG Tanker, as
          calculated under Subarticle 4.12(c) below ("Used
          Laytime"), exceeds allowed laytime, as set forth in
          Subarticle 4.12(b) below ("Allowed Laytime"), Seller
          shall pay to Buyer, or for Buyer's account if so
          directed by Buyer, demurrage ("Demurrage") at a rate
          per day (reduced pro-rata for each partial day)
          determined in accordance with the following: 

                               (102,940,000 Million BTUs) x PB
            Demurrage = 0.45 X _________________________________  
            Rate                           365

               Where:                            

               PB   =  PT(1+i)n - RT

               in which

               PT   =  $0.599/MMBTU;

               i    =  a fixed escalation rate of 0.025

               n    =  1 on January 1, 1984 and one higher whole
                       number on each subsequent January 1.

               RT   =  $0.029/MMBTU.

          Provided, however, that no Demurrage shall be payable
          under this Subarticle 4.12(a) for any calendar quarter
          in which the aggregate number of hours by which Used
          Laytime exceeds Allowed Laytime for all voyages during
          such quarter is less than 24 hours.  Buyer shall
          invoice Seller for Demurrage amounts due under this
          Subarticle 4.12(a) at the end of each calendar quarter
          and Seller shall pay such amounts in accordance with
          terms of Subarticle 10.3(b) hereof.

     (b)  Allowed Laytime at the Loading Port shall be twenty-
          four (24) consecutive hours extended by any period of
          delay which is caused by:

          (1)  Reasons attributable to the LNG Tanker, or its
               master, crew, owner or operator, including the
               period of time when the LNG Tanker:

               (A) Awaits berth by reason of the exercise by
                   Seller of its rights under Subarticle 4.8;  or

               (B) Receives LNG for purging and cooldown.

          (2)  Force Majeure, as defined in Article 15 hereof. 

          (3)  "Adverse weather conditions", which for purposes
               hereof means weather and/or sea conditions
               actually experienced at the Loading Port that are
               sufficiently severe either: (A) to prevent all LNG
               Tankers from proceeding to berth, loading, or
               departing from berth in accordance with the
               weather standards prescribed in published
               regulations in effect at the Loading Port; or (B)
               to cause an actual determination by the master
               that it is unsafe for the LNG Tanker to berth,
               load or depart from berth.  The period of delay to
               an LNG Tanker caused by adverse weather conditions
               shall not be considered to extend past the time
               during which such adverse weather conditions
               actually prevailed, except where additional delay
               is caused by the intervening occupation of the
               berth by another LNG Tanker at the Loading Port.

          (4)  Any period of delay caused by occupancy of the
               berth:
                     
               (A)  By a previous LNG Tanker, provided such
                    occupancy  is  for reasons attributable to
                    such LNG Tanker;

               (B)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or another
                    vessel on  its scheduled loading date; or
               
               (C)  By either a previous LNG Tanker, or another
                    vessel   that arrived prior to the LNG
                    Tanker, when the LNG Tanker arrived after its
                    scheduled loading date.
    
     (c)  Used Laytime shall begin to count upon the LNG Tanker
          being "all fast" in berth and shall continue to run
          until stand-by engine prior to departure.  To Used
          Laytime calculated as above shall be added:

          (1)  The  number of hours by which the total of periods
               of delay, as defined below, occurring between
               Notice of Readiness and "all fast" in berth
               exceeds six (6); and

          2)   The total of periods of delay occurring between
               stand-by engine and the LNG Tanker clearing the
               Loading Port (i.e., passing the agreed position
               for tendering Notice of Readiness).

     For the purposes of this Subarticle 4.12(c), "delay" means
     all berth delays and stoppages that prevent the forward or
     outward movement of the LNG Tanker to or from the berth, the
     port and the approaches thereto, including any delay caused
     to an LNG Tanker by quarantine at the Loading Port.

4.13      Effect of Loading Port Delays; Transportation Costs

     (a)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
          commencement of loading for reasons other than Force
          Majeure affecting Seller's Loading Port Facility or
          such LNG Tanker and other than the fault of the LNG
          Tanker, or its master, crew, owner or operator and if
          as a result thereof the commencement of loading is
          delayed beyond 30 hours after Notice of Readiness has
          been given, then Seller shall pay Buyer an amount, on
          account of excess boil-off, equal to the Contract Sales
          Price multiplied by the BTU equivalent of the quantity
          of LNG which is the difference between the actual
          quantity on board the LNG Tanker 30 hours after  the 
          giving of the Notice of Readiness and theactual
          quantity on board immediately prior to commencement of
          loading.  If it should appear that the commencement of
          loading will be delayed beyond 30 hours after Notice of
          Readiness has been given, Buyer's Transporter shall
          notify Seller at least three (3) hours prior to the
          time that it intends to measure the volume of LNG in
          the LNG Tanker's tanks and Seller shall have the right
          to have its representative present to witness the
          measurement.  Provided, however, that if Seller should
          not elect to send a representative on a timely basis,
          Buyer's Transporter shall proceed to make the
          measurement and shall notify Buyer and Seller of the
          results of the measurement promptly  upon completion of
          measuring.   

     (b)  If there should become due from Buyer to Buyer's
          Transporter at any time any payment or payments on
          account of Buyer's failure to furnish for carriage by
          Buyer's Transporter sufficient quantities of LNG to
          fulfill Buyer's obligations under the terms of Buyer's
          transportation arrangement and if the deficiency is
          caused by the failure of Seller to fulfill its
          obligations under this Contract, then such amount shall
          be paid by Seller to Buyer; provided, however, that
          Seller's payment obligations under this Subarticle
          4.13(b) shall be subject to the following conditions
          and/or limitations:

          (1)  Seller's compensation obligations under this
               Subarticle 4.13(b) shall be reduced by such
               amounts as reflect a credit for all revenues
               earned by the LNG Tanker during the period of its
               non-utilization under this Contract; and

          (2)  The basis for calculating all such payments by
               Buyer to Buyer's Transporter shall be reasonable
               when compared with the obligations of Seller under
               Seller's transportation arrangements in similar
               circumstances.
          
     (c)  Buyer shall invoice Seller for amounts due under this
          Subarticle 4.13 and Seller shall pay the invoice in
          accordance with the terms of Subarticle 10.3(b) hereof.

             ARTICLE 5 - ON-SHORE FACILITIES

5.1  Receiving Facilities

     Buyer has constructed in Pyeong Taek near Asan Bay, Korea
     such facilities to be used by Buyer for this Contract
     including, without limitation, berthing and unloading
     facilities, LNG storage tanks, vessel service facilities and
     regasification plants (the "Receiving Facilities").  The
     Receiving Facilities shall permit Buyer to timely perform
     its obligations under this Contract.

5.2  Production Facilities

     Seller has constructed, or has arranged for the use on a
     basis concurrent with the term of this Contract, Natural Gas
     production and liquefaction facilities including, without
     limitation, gas transmission pipelines from the fields,
     compression facilities, processing facilities, storage
     tanks, utilities, berthing and loading facilities
     ("Production Facilities") as are necessary for the timely
     performance of its obligations under this Contract.  The
     Production Facility at Blang Lancang, North Sumatra, is
     herein referred to as the "Arun Facility" and the Production
     Facility at Bontang, East Kalimantan is herein  referred to 
     as the "Badak Facility".  A particular Production Facility
     is referred to herein individually as the "Applicable
     Production Facility".

ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

This Contract shall be effective on the date of execution hereof
and continue in effect until the expiration of the  Parties'
respective obligations to buy and sell LNG, as provided in
Article 7, or the earlier termination of this Contract pursuant
to either Subarticle 10.5 or 18 hereof.  If Seller and Buyer so
agree at least five (5) years before the time this Contract would
otherwise expire, the term of this Contract may be extended on
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed.

ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

7.1  Fixed Quantity

     (a)  During each calendar year or portion thereof specified
          below (each such period being called a "Fixed Quantity
          Period"), Seller shall sell and deliver to Buyer and
          Buyer shall purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for
          if not taken, at the Contract Sales Price, the quantity
          of LNG specified for such Fixed Quantity Period (each
          such quantity being called a "Fixed Quantity") as
          follows:

                              FIXED 
                              QUANTITY       FIXED QUANTITY   
          YEAR                PERIOD         (BILLIONS OF BTU'S)
           
                                                            
          1994                July 1 through       26,550        
                              Dec 31
          1995                calendar year        53,100
          1996-2013           calendar year       106,200
                                                  (annually)     
          2014                Jan 1 through        53,100         
                              June 30             


            The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment
            as provided in Subarticles 7.1(b), 7.3 and 7.6 hereof. 
            After giving effect to any such adjustment(s), the
            term "Fixed Quantity" shall mean the applicable Fixed
            Quantity as so adjusted.  The respective obligations
            of Seller to sell and deliver and of Buyer to
            purchase, receive and pay for, or to pay for if not
            taken, a Fixed Quantity of LNG in any Fixed Quantity
            Period shall apply to the applicable Fixed Quantity
            and Fixed Quantity Period, as so adjusted.

      (b)   Buyer's Fixed Quantity for any Fixed Quantity Period
            may be reduced by the exercise of a downward
            adjustment ("Downward Adjustment" or "DA") as follows:
            
            (1)   Buyer shall have the right to exercise a
                  Downward Adjustment only by giving notice to
                  Seller, in accordance with Subarticle 12.1, that
                  is received by Seller not later than October 15
                  of the year preceding the DA Period and/or not
                  later than October 31 of the DA Period.  Each
                  such notice shall state that it constitutes an
                  exercise of a Downward Adjustment and shall be
                  effective and irrevocable upon Seller's receipt
                  thereof. 

            (2)   The maximum reduction of the Fixed Quantity for
                  the DA Period shall be ten percent (10%) of
                  Buyer's Fixed Quantity as set forth in
                  Subarticle 7.1(a). 

            (3)   The cumulative amount by which Buyer can reduce
                  its  Fixed  Quantities  for  all  Fixed Quantity
                  Periods shall not exceed 53,100 billion BTU's,
                  equal to fifty percent (50%) of Buyer's plateau
                  (post-1995) annual Fixed Quantity, as set forth
                  in Subarticle 7.1(a).

            (4)   If, by notice to Buyer received not later than
                  June 30, 2011, Seller shall elect, Buyer shall
                  in the period prescribed in Subarticle
                  7.1(b)(4)(A) below commencing on July 1, 2014,
                  take and pay for a quantity of LNG ("Year 21
                  Quantity") equal to the aggregate amount by
                  which Buyer, by the exercise of Downward
                  Adjustment(s), reduces its Fixed Quantities
                  during all Fixed Quantity Periods (including the
                  years 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014).  For this
                  purpose: 

                  (A)  The period within which Buyer shall take
                       and pay for the Year 21 Quantity shall be a
                       part-year.  The number of months shall be
                       calculated as the Year 21 Quantity (in
                       billions of BTU's) divided by 7,965 billion
                       BTU's per month; 
                  (B)  The period set forth in Subarticle
                       7.1(b)(4)(A) shall extend the term of this
                       Contract and be a Fixed Quantity Period for
                       the   Year  21  Quantity  and  the  Year 21
                       Quantity shall be the Fixed Quantity for
                       Buyer during such period; and 
                  
                  (C)  The Year 21 Quantity shall be sold and
                       delivered, and purchased and received, or
                       paid for if not taken under the terms of
                       this Contract, except that Buyer may not
                       exercise a Downward Adjustment in respect
                       thereof. 

7.2   Deliveries

      Within each Fixed Quantity Period the quantities of LNG to
      be delivered by Seller and received by Buyer shall be
      delivered and received at rates and intervals which are
      reasonably constant over the course of such Fixed Quantity
      Period after taking into consideration all commitments of
      each of the Production Facilities and the maintenance,
      downtime, shipping and other matters referred to in Article
      12 hereof, so as to ensure, as nearly as practicable, an
      even production rate at each of the Arun and Badak
      Facilities.  

7.3   Buyer's Obligation to Take-or-Pay

      (a)   If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, Buyer should
            fail to take the full amount of the Fixed Quantity, as
            adjusted pursuant to Article 7, Buyer shall pay Seller
            at the Contract Sales Price in effect as of the last
            day of such Fixed Quantity Period for the quantities
            of LNG required to be purchased but which were not
            taken by Buyer during such Fixed Quantity Period (any
            such quantity deficiency being called a "Quantity
            Deficiency"), subject to the following provisions of
            this Subarticle 7.3:

            (1)   If, after taking into account all adjustments
                  provided in this Subarticle 7.3, the Buyer's
                  Quantity Deficiency at the end of any calendar
                  year amounts to less than one full LNG Tanker
                  Cargo Lot, it will be deemed that no Quantity
                  Deficiency exists for such year and the amount
                  of such Deficiency shall be carried forward and
                  added to Buyer's Fixed Quantity for the next
                  succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.         
     
            (2)   If, at the time an Annual Program is developed
                  under Subarticle 12.1, it is estimated that
                  Buyer will have a Quantity Deficiency for the
                  program year in an amount that is less than a
                  full LNG Tanker Cargo Lot, Buyer shall have the
                  right to request an increase in the quantity
                  which Buyer wishes to take during such program
                  year in an amount sufficient to fill up such
                  cargo (such right being hereinafter referred to
                  as Buyer's "Round-Up Request").  No such Round-
                  Up Request shall, however, operate to increase
                  Buyer's Fixed Quantity under this Contract. 
                  However, Buyer shall have a take-or-pay
                  obligation in respect of LNG quantities that
                  have been the subject of a Round-Up Request
                  which is accepted by Seller. 

            (3)   If at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period Buyer
                  has purchased and received quantities of LNG in
                  excess of the Fixed Quantity for such year,
                  other than Make-Up LNG or Restoration
                  Quantities, the excess shall be applied to
                  reduce Buyer's Fixed Quantity during the next
                  Fixed Quanity Period.

      (b)   Buyer's obligations to pay for the Fixed Quantity not
            taken in any Fixed Quantity Period pursuant to
            Subarticle 7.3(a) shall be reduced by the quantity of
            LNG which Buyer was unable to purchase because of
            Seller's failure to make such quantity available for
            sale in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

      (c)   In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by Seller
            and purchased by Buyer for each Fixed Quantity Period,
            Seller or Buyer may include the quantity delivered and
            purchased within the first seven (7) days of the next
            calendar year, provided such quantities were scheduled
            in the Annual Program of the Fixed Quantity Period
            with respect to which the calculation is being made.

      (d)   A reduction shall be made to any Quantity Deficiency
            equal to the amount by which such Quantity Deficiency
            resulted from a partial loading of an LNG Tanker
            during the relevant Fixed Quantity Period due to
            reasons attributable to Seller. 

7.4   Allocation of Deliveries of Fixed Quantities 
      Between Buyer and Other Purchasers

      (a)   Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller are reduced below
            the applicable Fixed Quantities to be delivered
            hereunder by reason of an event or circumstance of
            Force Majeure affecting one of the Production
            Facilities, an allocation of LNG then capable of being
            delivered from the Applicable Production Facility will
            be made between Buyer and other purchasers of LNG from
            such Production Facility.  At such times, the total
            quantities capable of being delivered from the
            Applicable Production Facility shall be allocated
            among the purchasers from such Production Facility
            pro-rata in the ratio of their respective quantities
            which are eligible for allocation, as provided below. 
            The quantities eligible for such allocation shall be,
            as to Buyer, the portion of the Fixed Quantities to be
            purchased hereunder during the period of such Force
            Majeure from the Applicable Production Facility so
            affected (such portion to be determined by multiplying
            the Fixed Quantity for such period by the percentage
            of the total quantities scheduled for delivery in the
            Annual Program for the Fixed Quantity Period during
            which the event or circumstance of Force Majeure first
            occurred which are to be delivered from the Production
            Facility so affected) and, as to other purchasers, be
            those fixed or contract quantities of LNG which are
            committed for sale from such Production Facility so
            affected during the period of such Force Majeure in
            satisfaction of Seller's contracts with other
            purchasers which provide for sales of LNG from such
            Production Facility over a term of at least fifteen
            (15) years.

      (b)   If such an event of Force Majeure does not preclude
            full production and loading of all Fixed Quantities
            under the allocation formula described in Subarticle
            7.4(a), above, but is of such an extent as to prevent
            Seller from producing and loading all Make-Up LNG and
            Restoration Quantities scheduled for delivery from the
            Applicable Production Facility so affected to Buyer
            and equivalent quantities scheduled for delivery from
            such Applicable Production Facility to other
            purchasers under sales contracts providing for
            deliveries over a term of at least fifteen (15) years,
            quantities of such LNG as are available shall be
            allocated between Buyer and such other purchasers in
            proportion to the respective quantities so scheduled.  
              

7.5   Make-Up LNG

      (a)   (1)   If, pursuant to Subarticle 7.3(a), Buyer shall
                  have paid for any Quantity Deficiency not taken
                  ("Take-or-Pay Quantity"), then during any
                  subsequent year Buyer may purchase up to an
                  equal quantity of LNG from Seller as make-up LNG
                  ("Make-Up LNG") to the extent not previously
                  made up.  Buyer must request Make-Up LNG by
                  notice to Seller in accordance with Subarticle
                  12.1. 

            (2)   Upon Buyer's request for Make-Up LNG, Seller
                  shall sell such quantity provided: 

                    (A)   Seller has uncommitted LNG available
                       for such purpose; and

                    (B)   Buyer has first taken and paid for its
                       Fixed Quantity for the year in which
                       deliveries of Make-Up LNG are requested. 
                                                              
            (3)   Buyer's right to take delivery of Make-up LNG
                  under this Subarticle 7.5 shall expire twelve
                  (12) months after the later of either: 

                  (A)  The end of the period prescribed in
                       Subarticle 7.1(b)(4)(A), if Seller requires
                       Buyer to take a Year 21 Quantity; or
              
                  (B)  The end of the last Fixed Quantity Period
                       on June 30, 2014.
     
            (4)   If Buyer shall have requested Make-Up LNG during
                  the twelve (12) month period under Subarticle
                  7.5(a)(3) and Seller shall have had insufficient
                  uncommitted LNG to fulfill such request, the
                  Parties shall consult and agree upon a deferred
                  schedule for Buyer to take delivery of any
                  outstanding balance of Take-or-Pay Quantity. 

     (b)    Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG  at the Contract Sales
            Price in effect as of the date of delivery, reduced by
            the amount previously paid on account of the Take-or-
            Pay Quantity or the part thereof being made up by such
            sale.

      (c)   Take-or-Pay Quantities shall be made up, and prior
            payments applicable thereto applied, in the same
            chronological order in which such quantities were
            incurred.

7.6   Force Majeure Deficiency

      (a)   (1)   If during any Fixed Quantity Period all or any
                  portion of the Fixed Quantity required to be
                  delivered to and taken by Buyer during such
                  Fixed Quantity Period is not delivered to and
                  taken by Buyer by reason of Force Majeure (any
                  such quantity not delivered and taken being a
                  "Force Majeure Deficiency"), Buyer may,
                  thereafter, request that all, or a part of such
                  Force Majeure Deficiency be delivered as
                  restoration quantities ("Restoration
                  Quantities") during a subsequent Fixed Quantity
                  Period.  The  Restoration  Quantities  so agreed
                  will be scheduled for delivery pursuant to
                  Article 12 at the mutual convenience of the
                  Parties. 
       
            (2)   Seller and Buyer shall each make best efforts to
                  restore the Force Majeure Deficiency in full by
                  Seller selling and Buyer purchasing such
                  quantities of LNG prior to the expiration of the
                  last Fixed Quantity Period.  In the event that,
                  despite such best efforts, Seller fails to
                  deliver or Buyer fails to take delivery of the
                  outstanding Restoration Quantities by the end of
                  June 30, 2014, then any obligation of Seller to
                  deliver and Buyer to take delivery of such
                  Restoration Quantities shall cease on such date.
     
            (3)   If an event of Force Majeure as to an LNG Tanker
                  under Subarticle 15.1(b) occurs and,
                  notwithstanding all measures taken by Buyer
                  pursuant to Subarticle 15.2(b), within a period
                  of nine (9) months after the date of the first
                  Buyer notice given to Seller under Subarticle
                  15.2(a) Buyer has neither resumed normal
                  performance nor adopted and committed to
                  implement a program satisfactory to Seller to
                  resume normal performance within the shortest
                  period reasonable in the circumstances, then if
                  Seller so requires, the Fixed Quantity for all
                  or any future Fixed Quantity Periods shall be
                  reduced to the extent that the annual
                  transportation capacity of the LNG Tanker(s) was
                  reduced by such event of Force Majeure.
                
      (b)   If an event of Force Majeure relieves or delays
            Buyer's performance of its obligations under this
            Contract and causes a reduction in deliveries of LNG
            to Buyer and if Seller sells to third parties
            quantities of LNG which Buyer is unable to purchase,
            then the Force Majeure Deficiency shall be reduced, up
            to the quantities so sold, by the amount, if any, that
            the Seller's Gas Supply Obligation would otherwise
            exceed the estimate of Proved Remaining Recoverable
            Reserves stated in the most recent Certificate.

7.7   Allocation for Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities

      Whenever Buyer requests either Make-Up LNG under Subarticle
      7.5 and/or Restoration Quantities under Subarticle 7.6, and
      quantities of LNG are requested from one of the Production
      Facilities for similar purposes by other purchasers (under
      LNG sales contracts with Seller with terms of at least
      fifteen  (15)  years) and  there is insufficient uncommitted
      LNG at the Applicable Production Facility to meet all such
      requests, then the LNG which is available for such purposes
      shall be allocated, as between Buyer on the one hand and
      such other requesting purchasers on the other hand, in the
      same proportion that each such purchaser's portion of its
      Fixed Quantity to be purchased from that Production Facility 
      for the year of requested delivery bears to the total of all
      requesting purchasers' portions of their Fixed Quantities to
      be purchased from the Applicable Production Facility for
      that year.  

7.8   Priority Order

      Make-Up LNG under Subarticle 7.5 and Restoration Quantities
      under Subarticle 7.6 shall be delivered and taken in the
      following order:
    
            (1)   Make-Up LNG; and
            (2)   Restoration Quantities; 

      provided, however, that Buyer shall have the option to
      change the order of (1) and (2) above, upon notice to
      Seller.

ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE

8.1   Contract Sales Price

      The contract sales price ("Contract Sales Price") applicable
      to the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered at the
      Delivery Point(s) and to any quantities of LNG required to
      be taken but which are not taken and are required to be paid
      for by Buyer under this Contract, expressed in United States
      Dollars per million British Thermal Units (US$/MMBTU), shall
      be determined according to the following formula: 

                   AX                                         
                          
      PA  =       PL  _______  - R   
                   AY

      in which:   

      PA  =       The adjusted Contract Sales Price (expressed in
                  U.S.$/MMBTU). 

      PL  =       US$5.391/MMBTU.
 
      AX  =       The arithmetic average of the realized export
                  prices in U.S. Dollars per barrel, FOB
                  Indonesia, of all field classifications of
                  Indonesian crude oils (including condensate)
                  then being sold and exported, except premiums
                  and except such prices for spot sales.

      AY  =       U.S. $34.5911, being the arithmetic average on
                  January 1, 1983 of the realized export prices in
                  U.S. Dollars per barrel, FOB Indonesia, of all
                  field classifications of Indonesian crude oils
                  (including condensate) then being sold and
                  exported, except premiums and except such prices
                  for spot sales.

      R   =       $.10/MMBTU. 

      The Contract Sales Price to be applied to the BTU's
      comprising each cargo shall be that Contract Sales Price in
      effect as of the date of completion of loading of such
      cargo. 

8.2   Redetermination of Contract Sales Price

      A redetermination of the Contract Sales Price shall be made
      as of the effective date on which either:  (A) the realized
      export prices (except premiums and except prices for spot
      sales) of more than one of the field classifications of
      Indonesian crude oils (including condensate) then being sold
      and exported shall have changed from the respective prices
      therefor included in the last preceding adjustment made
      pursuant to this Subarticle 8.2; or (B) two or more field
      classifications of crude oils (including condensate) shall
      have been added to, or deleted from, the field
      classifications of crude oils being exported from Indonesia
      since the date of the last preceding adjustment made
      pursuant to this Subarticle 8.2. The export price and
      classification data required to make the above determination
      shall be verified by the Ministry of Mines and Energy of the
      Republic of Indonesia. 

ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE 

The LNG to be sold by Seller and purchased by Buyer hereunder
shall be delivered to Buyer at the Delivery Point at the
applicable Loading Port. Delivery of LNG shall be deemed
completed, and title to and risk of loss of such LNG shall pass
from Seller to Buyer, as the LNG passes the Delivery Point. 

ARTICLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENT

10.1  Invoices and Cargo Documents

      Promptly after completion of loading of each LNG Tanker,
      Seller shall furnish Buyer or Buyer's representative a
      certificate of volume loaded, together with such other
      documents concerning the cargo as may be reasonably
      requested by Buyer for the purpose of Korean customs
      clearance.  Seller shall within forty-eight (48) hours of
      completing loading complete a laboratory analysis and
      calculations to determine the quality and BTU content of the
      LNG loaded and shall promptly furnish to Buyer, or Buyer's
      representative, a certificate with respect thereto together
      with details of the calculation of the number of BTU's
      loaded and sold.  Promptly upon completion of such analysis
      and calculation, Seller shall furnish Buyer by telex,
      facsimile or telegram, an invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars,
      in the amount of the Contract Sales Price for the number of
      BTU's delivered and sold.  At the same time Seller shall
      send to Buyer a signed copy of the invoice and relevant
      documents showing the basis for the calculation thereof.

10.2 Other Invoices

      Except as provided in Subarticle 10.1 above, in the event
      that any moneys are due from one Party to the other
      hereunder, including, without limitation, amounts payable
      pursuant to Subarticle 7.3 hereof on account of Fixed
      Quantities of LNG required to be purchased but which were
      not taken by Buyer, then the Party to whom such moneys are
      owed shall furnish an invoice therefor, together with
      relevant supporting documents showing the basis for the
      calculation thereof.  The procedure set forth in Subarticle
      10.1 above for sending invoices should be followed.

10.3 Invoice Due Dates

      (a)   Each invoice for LNG delivered to Buyer referred to in
            Subarticle 10.1 shall become due and payable by Buyer
            on the eighth (8) Business Day in Korea after the date
            on which the invoice has been received by Buyer in
            Korea.  For this purpose, a telex, facsimile or
            telegraphic copy of an invoice shall be deemed
            received by Buyer on the next Business Day in Korea
            following the day in which it was sent. 

      (b)   Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
            Contract, each Subarticle 10.2 invoice shall become
            due and payable by the Party receiving the invoice
            within twenty (20) calendar days after the date of
            receipt of such invoice.

      (c)   (1)   If any invoice to Buyer has a due date that is
                  not a Business Day in Korea, such invoice shall
                  become due and payable by Buyer on the next
                  Business Day in Korea.

            (2)   If any invoice to Seller has a due date that is
                  not a Business Day in Indonesia, such invoice
                  shall become due and payable by Seller on the
                  next Business Day in Indonesia.

      (d)   In the event the full amount of any invoice is not
            paid when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear
            interest from the due date until paid, at an interest
            rate, compounded annually, two percent (2%) greater
            than the rate, or rates, being charged during the
            period of delinquency by Citibank, N.A., New York to
            its prime commercial customers for 90 day loans. Such 
            interest rate shall be adjusted up or down, as the
            case may be, to reflect any changes in the aforesaid
            prime rate  as  of the  dates  of  such changes in the
            prime rate.  In the event that Citibank, N.A. shall
            for any reason cease quoting a prime rate as described
            above, then a comparable rate shall be determined
            using rates then in effect and shall be used in place
            of the said prime rate.

10.4  Payment

      (a)   Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars,
            all amounts which become due and payable by Buyer
            pursuant to an invoice issued hereunder, to an account
            or accounts with a bank in the United States
            designated by Seller.  Buyer shall not be responsible
            for the designated bank's disbursement of amounts
            remitted by Buyer to such bank, and Buyer's deposit in
            immediately available funds of the full amount of each
            invoice with such bank shall constitute full discharge
            and satisfaction of the obligations under this
            Contract for which such amounts were remitted.  Each
            payment by Buyer of any amount owing hereunder shall
            be in the full amount due, without reduction or offset
            for any reason including, without limitation, taxes,
            exchange charges or bank transfer charges.

      (b)   Transfer of funds to the bank in the United States
            referred  to  in  the  preceding  Subarticle  10.4(a),
            effected from Korea before the close of business in
            Korea on or before the due date of any invoice, shall
            be deemed timely payment, notwithstanding that such
            United States bank cannot credit such transfer as
            immediately available funds for a period of up to
            fourteen (14) hours by reason of the time difference
            between Korea and the United States, or for one or
            more days which are not banking days in the United
            States.

      (c)   Seller shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars
            the amounts which become due and payable by Seller
            pursuant to a Subarticle 10.2 invoice to an account
            with a bank designated by Buyer.

10.5  Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment

      If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG delivered
      hereunder or for the Fixed Quantity of LNG not taken and for
      which Buyer is obligated to pay pursuant to this Contract is
      not made within sixty (60) days after the due date thereof,
      Seller shall be entitled, upon giving thirty (30) days
      written notice to Buyer, to suspend subsequent deliveries to
      Buyer until the amount of such invoice, together  with 
      interest  thereon  have been paid, and Buyer shall not be
      entitled to any make-up rights in respect of such suspended
      deliveries.  If any such invoice is not paid within one
      hundred and twenty (120) days after the due date thereof,
      then Seller shall have the right, at Seller's election, upon
      not less than eighty (80) days notice to Buyer to terminate
      this Contract, and such termination shall become effective
      upon the date specified in such notice from Seller.  Any
      such termination shall be without prejudice to any other
      rights and remedies of Seller arising hereunder, or by law,
      or otherwise, including the right of Seller to receive
      payment of all obligations and claims which arose or accrued
      prior to such termination, or by reason of such default by
      Buyer.

10.6  Disputed Invoices

      In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice, Buyer
      or Seller, as the case may be, shall make provisional
      payment of the total amount thereof and shall immediately
      notify the other Party of the reasons for such disagreement,
      except that in the case of obvious error in computation
      Buyer or Seller, as the case may be, shall pay the correct
      amount after disregarding such error.  An invoice may be
      contested by Buyer or Seller, as the case may be, or
      modified by the other Party only if, within a period of
      ninety (90) days after receipt thereof, the disputing Party
      serves notice on the other Party questioning its
      correctness.  If no such notice is served, such invoice
      shall be deemed correct and accepted by both Parties. 
      Promptly after resolution of any dispute as to an invoice,
      the amount of any overpayment or underpayment shall be paid
      by Seller or Buyer, as the case may be, to the other Party
      together with interest at the rate provided in Subarticle
      10.3(d) hereof from the date payment was due to the date of
      payment.

ARTICLE 11 - QUALITY

11.1  Gross Heating Value

      The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyer shall have, in a
      gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than 1,065
      BTU's per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1,180 BTU's
      per Standard Cubic Foot.

11.2  Components

      (a)   The LNG delivered by Seller to Buyer shall, in a
            gaseous state, contain not less than 85 molecular
            percentage (85 mol%) of methane (CH4) and, for the
            components and substances listed below, such LNG shall
            not contain more than the following:

          (1)   Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 mol%.

          (2)   Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 mol%.

          (3)   Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 mol%.

          (4)   Hydrogen Sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100
                Standard Cubic Feet (0.25 grains/100 scf).

          (5)   Total sulfur content, 1.3 grains per 100
                Standard Cubic Feet (1.3 grains/100 scf).
 
          Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyer is
           permitted to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in
           items (4) and (5) above, under normal operating
           conditions at the Arun and Badak Facilities, Seller
           would expect such concentrations to be materially less.
 
     (b)  Should any question regarding quality of the LNG arise,
           Seller and Buyer shall consult and cooperate concerning
           such question and the proper action to be taken.
 
 ARTICLE 12 - PROGRAMMING OF DELIVERIES
 
 12.1 Annual Programs
 
     Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of
      each calendar year commencing with 1994, Seller shall give
      written notice to Buyer of the anticipated quantities of LNG
      available for delivery herein in each quarter of the next
      calendar year from each of the Production Facilities and
      specifying any scheduled downtime of the Production
      Facilities.  On or before October 15 of each year in which
      such notice is given, Buyer shall advise Seller in writing
      of the quantities Buyer wishes to take during each quarter
      of the following year and, to the extent practicable,
      specifying the amount of any Restoration Quantities (for
      previous Force Majeure Deficiencies), and Make-Up LNG (for
      previous Quantity Deficiencies) and advising as to any
      planned downtime for the Receiving Facility;  provided,
      however, that as to Restoration Quantities or Make-Up LNG
      for the year succeeding the year in which such notice is
      given, such advice may be given up to January 15 of the year
      succeeding the notice year and the Annual Program (as
      defined below) shall be amended as promptly as practicable
      to reflect such late advice.  Seller and Buyer shall consult
      together with a view to reaching agreement by December 1 of
      the notice year and thereafter Seller shall issue a
      programming schedule, including projected delivery dates for
      quantities to be loaded in full LNG Tanker Cargo Lots at
      each of the Production Facilities during each calendar month
      of the following year (the "Annual Program").  In so doing,
      Seller shall take into consideration the contents of the
      above notices and the Coordinated Maintenance Schedule (as
      defined in Subarticle 12.3, below).  The Annual Program
      shall take into account Seller's commitments to other
      purchasers of LNG from each of the Production Facilities. 
      The Annual Program shall be amended to the extent required
      to reflect the exercise by Buyer of a Downward Adjustment. 
      Such Annual Program, and the Ninety-Day Schedule referred to
      in Subarticle 12.2 (together with any revision to each), are
      intended to assist the Parties in planning their respective
      operations during the periods involved and shall not reduce
      the entitlement of either Party during any Fixed Quantity
      Period to sell, deliver and be paid for, or to purchase and
      receive, as the case may be, the quantities of LNG required
      under Article 7 hereof.
 
 12.2 Ninety-Day Schedule
 
     Not later than the 15th day of each calendar month Seller
      shall, after discussion with Buyer, deliver to Buyer a three
      month forward plan of deliveries (the "Ninety-Day Schedule")
      which follows the applicable Annual Program (or most current
      draft  thereof) as  nearly  as practicable.  Each Ninety-Day
      Schedule shall reflect all adjustments, if any, necessitated
      by deviation from the prior Ninety-Day Schedule so as to
      maintain, as far as practicable, the scheduled shipments
      forecast in the Annual Program.  Both Parties shall
      cooperate to facilitate smooth performance of the Ninety-Day
      Schedule.  After consultation with Buyer, Seller shall
      revise the Ninety-Day Schedule, when appropriate, to meet
      operational requirements with the overall objective of
      fulfilling the Annual Program as far as practicable, taking
      into account any requests of Buyer for adjustments.
 
 12.3 Maintenance and Inspection Coordination
 
     Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of
      each calendar year, Seller and Buyer shall consult and agree
      on a program designed to coordinate the anticipated
      scheduled maintenance/inspection downtime during that year
      of: (A) Buyer's Receiving Facility; (B) the Arun and Badak
      Facilities; and (C) the LNG Tanker(s).  Such program (the
      "Coordinated Maintenance Schedule") will be established so
      as to minimize the collective impact of such downtime
      periods on the delivery of LNG hereunder.
 
 ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS AND TESTS
 
 13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
 
     (a)  Buyer shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to
           be supplied, operated and maintained, suitable gauging
           devices for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, as well
           as pressure and temperature measuring devices, and any
           other measurement or testing devices which are
           incorporated in the structure of such LNG Tankers or
           customarily maintained on shipboard.
 
     (b)  Seller shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to
           be supplied, operated and maintained, devices required
           for collecting samples and for determining quality and
           composition of the delivered LNG and any other
           measurement or testing devices which are necessary to
           perform the measurement and testing required hereunder
           at the Loading Ports.
 
 13.2 Selection of Devices
 
     All devices provided for in this Article 13 not hitherto
      used in an existing LNG trade shall be chosen by mutual
      agreement of the Parties and shall be such as are, at the
      time  of selection, the  most accurate and reliable in their
      practical application.  The required degree of accuracy of
      such devices selected shall be mutually agreed upon and
      verified by Buyer and Seller in advance of their use, and
      such degree of accuracy shall be verified by an independent
      surveyor who is mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller. 
      All such devices shall be subject to approval by the
      appropriate Indonesian and Korean governmental authorities.
 
 13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration
 
     The Parties shall cooperate closely in the design, selection
      and acquisition of devices to be used for measurements and
      tests under this Article 13 in order that, to the maximum
      extent possible, all measurements and tests may be conducted
      either in United States units of measurement or in metric
      units of measurement.  In the event that it becomes
      necessary to make measurements and tests using a new system
      of units of measurement, the Parties shall establish
      mutually agreeable conversion tables.  Measurement devices
      shall be calibrated in the following units:
 
     Measurement  United States Units     Metric Units
 
     Volume         Cubic Feet            or  Cubic Meters
     Temperature    Degrees Fahrenheit    or  Degrees Celsius
     Pressure       Pounds per square     or  Kilograms per 
                    inch or inches            square centi- 
                    of mercury                meter or milli-
                                              meters of mercury
     Length         Feet                  or  Meters
     Weight         Pounds                or  Kilograms
     Density        Pounds per Cubic      or  Kilograms per
                    Feet                      Cubic Meter
 
 
 13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers
 
     Buyer shall furnish to Seller, or cause Seller to be
      furnished, a certified copy of tank gauge tables as
      described in Section II of Schedule A hereto for each tank
      of each LNG Tanker.
 
 13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Loaded
 
     Volumes of LNG delivered under this Contract will be
      determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG
      Tanker(s) immediately before and after loading.  Gauging the
      liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tanker(s) and measuring of
      liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor pressure in
      each LNG tank and trim and list of the LNG Tanker(s) shall
      be performed, or caused to be performed, by Buyer before and
      after loading.  The first gauging and measurements shall be
      made immediately before the commencement of loading.  The
      second gauging and measurement shall take place immediately
      after completion of loading.  Copies of gauging and
      measurement records shall be furnished to Seller.  Gauging
      devices shall be selected, and measurements shall be
      effected, in accordance with the terms of Sections III and
      IV of Schedule A hereto.
 
 13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis
 
     Representative samples of the delivered LNG shall be
      obtained by Seller as provided in Section V of Schedule A
      hereto.
 
 13.7 Quality Analysis
 
     The samples referred to in Subarticle 13.6 hereof shall be
      analyzed, or caused to be analyzed, by Seller in accordance
      with the terms of Section V of Schedule A hereto in order to
      determine the mol fraction of the hydrocarbons and other
      components in the sample. 
 
  13.8 Operating Procedures
 
     All measurements, gauging and analyses provided for in
      Subarticles 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 hereof,  shall be witnessed
      and verified by an independent surveyor who is mutually
      agreed upon by Buyer and Seller.  Prior to effecting such
      measurements, gauging and analyses the Party responsible for
      such operations shall notify the surveyor, allowing such
      surveyor a reasonable opportunity to be present for all
      operations and computations; provided, however, that the
      absence of the surveyor after notification and opportunity
      to attend shall not prevent any operation or computation
      from being performed.  The results of such surveyor's
      verifications shall be made available promptly to each
      Party.  All records of measurements and the computation
      results shall be preserved by the Party responsible for
      effecting such measurements and held available to the other
      Party for a period of not less than three (3) years after
      such measurements and computations have been completed.
 
 13.9 BTU Quantity Delivered
 
     The quantity of BTU's sold and delivered shall be calculated
      by Seller following the procedures set forth in Section VI
      of Schedule A hereto and shall be verified by an independent
      surveyor mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer. 
 
   13.10 Verification of Accuracy and Correction for Error
 
     (a)  Each Party shall test and verify the accuracy of its
           gauging  devices  at intervals to be agreed between the
           Parties.  In the case of gauging devices on LNG
           Tanker(s) such tests and verifications shall take place
           during scheduled drydocking periods.  Each Party shall
           have the right to inspect at any time the gauging
           devices installed by the other Party, provided that the
           other Party shall be notified in advance.  Testing
           shall be performed using methods recommended by the
           manufacturer or any other method agreed upon by Seller
           and Buyer.  Tests shall be witnessed and verified by an
           independent surveyor who is mutually agreed upon by
           Buyer and Seller.
 
     (b)  Permissible tolerances shall be as described in Section
           III of Schedule A hereto.  Inaccuracy of a device
           exceeding the permissible tolerances  shall require
           correction of recordings, and computations made on the
           basis of those recordings, to correct all errors with
           respect to any period which is definitely known or
           agreed upon by the Parties, as well as adjustment of
           the device.   In the event that the period of error is
           neither known nor agreed upon, corrections shall be
           made for each delivery made during the last half of the
           period since the date of the most recent calibration of
           the inaccurate device.  However, the provisions of this
           Subarticle 13.10 shall not be applied to require the
           modification of any invoice which has become final
           pursuant to Subarticle 10.6 hereof.
 
 13.11 Costs and Expenses of Tests and Verifications
 
     All costs and expenses for testing and verifying Seller's
      measurement devices shall be borne by Seller.  All costs and
      expenses for testing and verifying Buyer's measurement
      devices shall be borne by Buyer.  The fees and charges of
      independent surveyors for measurements and calculations
      shall be borne equally by Seller and Buyer.
 
 ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES
 
 
 14.1 Indonesian Taxes
 
     Seller  shall pay  (or shall reimburse  Buyer  for  any 
      such payments made by it) all taxes, royalties, duties or
      other imposts levied or imposed by the Indonesian
      Government, or any subdivision thereof, or any other
      governmental authority in Indonesia, on the sale or export
      of LNG under this Contract.
     
 14.2 Port Charges
 
     Buyer shall be responsible for payment of all normal port
      charges and all shipping, freight or other taxes to the
      extent such charges and taxes are uniformly applied to all
      LNG tankers receiving exports of LNG from the applicable
      Loading Port.
 
 ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE
 
 15.1 Events of Force Majeure
 
     Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be liable for any delay or
      failure in performance hereunder if and to the extent such
      delay or failure in performance directly results from any of
      the following causes or events not reasonably within the
      control of such Party ("Force Majeure"):
 
     (a)  as to the Arun and/or Badak Facilities and/or the
           Receiving Facility:
 
          (1)   fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance, lightning,
                 storm, typhoon, tornado, earthquake, landslide,
                 soil erosion, subsidence, washout or epidemics;
 
          (2)   war, riot, civil war, blockade, insurrection,
                 acts of public enemies or civil disturbances;
 
          (3)   strike, lockout or other industrial disturbances;
 
          (4)   serious accidental damage to Natural Gas
                 reservoirs, or production facilities in the
                 fields, compression facilities, the facilities
                 for transportation of  Natural Gas from the
                 fields, orthe treatment, liquefaction, storage or
                 loading facilities, or serious accidental damage
                 to Buyer's Receiving Facility, regasification
                 plant or main pipelines from such plant to
                 Buyer's Natural Gas transmission or distribution
                 system and such other facilities directly related
                 to the use of LNG which, if not operational,
                 would reduce the amount of LNG that Buyer is able
                 to receive hereunder;
 
          (5)   the Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
                 Natural Gas in a Gas Supply Area expressed in the
                 then most recent Certificate which can
                 economically be produced have been fully
                 depleted; or
 
          (6)   acts of government that directly affect the
                 ability of a Party to perform any obligation
                 hereunder, other than the obligation to remit
                 payments as provided in Subarticle 10.4 hereof on
                 account of LNG delivered and taken or not taken
                 but required to be paid for under this Contract;
 
     (b)  as to LNG Tankers:
 
          (1)   loss of an LNG Tanker or serious accidental
                 damage thereto requiring removal of such LNG
                 Tanker from service;
 
          (2)   fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance, lightning,
                 typhoon, tornado or epidemics;
 
          (3)   war, riot, civil war, blockade, insurrection,
                 acts of public enemies or civil disturbances;
 
          (4)   strike, lockout or other industrial disturbance
                 occurring aboard an LNG Tanker or at a port or
                 other facility at which such LNG Tanker calls; or
                 
          (5)   acts of government.
 
 15.2 Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance
 
     (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of Force
           Majeure that gives a Party warning that the event may
           delay or prevent the performance by Seller or Buyer of
           any of its obligations hereunder, the Party affected
           shall give notice thereof to the other Party describing
           such event and stating the obligations the performance
           of which are, or are expected to be, delayed or
           prevented and (either in the original or in
           supplemental notices) stating:
 
          (1)   the estimated period during which performance may
                 be  suspended or reduced, including, to the
                 extent known or ascertainable, the estimated
                 extent of such reduction in performance; and
               
          (2)   the particulars of the program to be implemented
                 to ensure full resumption of normal performance
                 hereunder.
 
     (b)  In order to ensure resumption of normal performance of
           this Contract within the shortest practicable time, the
           Party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall take
           all measures to this end which are reasonable in the
           circumstances, taking into account the consequences
           resulting from such event of Force Majeure.  Prior to
           resumption of normal performance, the Parties shall
           continue to perform their obligations under this
           Contract to the extent not prevented by such event of
           Force Majeure.
 
      15.3 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances
 
     Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
      disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the
      Party experiencing such situations, and nothing herein shall
      require such Party to settle industrial disputes by yielding
      to demands made on it when it considers such action
      inadvisable.
 
 ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION, REFERENCE TO EXPERT
 
 16.1 Arbitration
 
     If any dispute arises between Seller and Buyer in connection
      with this Contract or the interpretation, performance or
      non-performance hereof, Seller and Buyer shall discuss such
      dispute in an attempt to resolve such dispute amicably.  If,
      within sixty (60) days of the commencement of such
      discussion, such dispute cannot be resolved, either Party
      may refer the matter to arbitration.  Such arbitration shall
      be conducted in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of
      the International Chamber of Commerce in effect at the time,
      by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with said
      Rules.  Arbitration shall be in the English language and
      held in Paris, France, unless another location is selected
      by mutual agreement of the Parties.  The award rendered by
      the arbitrators shall be final and binding upon the Parties.
 
 16.2 Disputes of a Technical Nature
 
     Notwithstanding the terms of Subarticle 16.1 above, if a
      dispute of a technical nature arises in connection with the
      interpretation, performance or non-performance of any of the
      provisions of Article 13 hereof, either Party may submit the
      matter  for  expert  resolution  to  the  National Bureau of
      Standards of the United States Department of Commerce
      ("NBS") within ten days of a request by either Party for the
      appointment of such an authority, or to such competent,
      impartial authority, other than the NBS, as the Parties may
      agree upon.
 
 ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW
                
 This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
 with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
 America.
 
 ARTICLE 18 - AUTHORIZATIONS AND APPROVALS
 
 Seller and Buyer shall use best endeavors to obtain all
 authorizations, approvals and permissions of national and local
 governments or other competent authorities or bodies which are
 required for performance of this Contract (the "Authorizations
 and Approvals"), and will cooperate fully with each other
 wherever necessary for this purpose.  If, at the time of
 expiration of six (6) months after the execution of this
 Contract, Seller or Buyer should fail to obtain the
 Authorizations and Approvals, then such Party shall so notify
 the other Party promptly after such expiration, and Seller and
 Buyer shall consult as to the circumstances pertaining thereto. 
 If, within thirty (30) days after the date of the aforesaid
 notice, the Parties have not agreed on a postponement of the
 time within which the Authorizations and Approvals shall be
 obtained, then either Seller or Buyer may terminate this
 Contract by written notice given at any time prior to the date
 upon which the Authorizations and Approvals are obtained.  The
 same right of termination and procedures relating thereto shall
 apply upon the expiration of any postponement period or periods
 agreed to between the Parties.  Termination of this Contract
 shall be without prejudice to any accrued rights of the Parties
 arising under this Contract prior to termination.
 
 ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY
 
 No Party to this Contract shall use or communicate to third
 parties the contents of this Contract or other confidential
 information or documents which may come into the possession of
 such Party in connection with the performance of this Contract
 without the prior agreement of the Party to which such
 information or documents are confidential. This restriction
 shall not apply to the contents of this Contract, information,
 or documents which: 
 
 (1) have fallen into the public domain otherwise than through
      the act or failure to act of the Party that has obtained
      them; or 
 
 (2) are communicated to: 
 
     (A)  any of Seller's Suppliers, or any Affiliate, with the
           obligation of the receiving person to maintain
           confidentiality; 
 
     (B)  persons participating in the implementation of this
           project, such as Buyer's Transporter,  legal counsel,
           accountants, other professional, business or technical
           consultants and advisers, underwriters or lenders, with
           the obligation of the receiving persons to maintain
           confidentiality; or
 
     (C)  any governmental agency of the Republic of Indonesia or
           Korea or having jurisdiction over any of Seller's
           Suppliers or any Affiliate, provided that such agency
           has authority to require such disclosure and that such
           disclosure is made in accordance with that authority. 
 
 ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES
 
 All notices and other communications for purposes of this
 Contract shall be written in English and shall be by letter,
 telex, facsimile or cable, except that notices given from ships
 at sea may be by radio.  Notices and other communications given
 by telex, facsimile or cable shall be confirmed by letter,
 unless otherwise agreed by the Parties.  Notices and
 communications shall be directed as follows:
 
    (A)   To Seller at the following address:
 
          PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
          (PERTAMINA)
 
          Attention: Head of Gas Marketing 
          Division of Foreign Marketing
          P.O. Box 12/JKT 
               Medan Merdeka Timur 1A,
          Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia
 
          and at the following cable, facsimile and telex
          addresses:
 
          cable:                         telex:
 
          PERTAMINA                      PERTAMINA
          JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA     44134 or 44152
                                          JAKARTA, INDONESIA
 
                                          Facsimile: 355271
          In each case marked for the
          attention of:                  
          
          Head of Gas Marketing          
          Division of Foreign Marketing     
 
 
    (B)   To Buyer at the following address:
 
          KOREA GAS CORPORATION
 
          Attention:
          General Manager
          Gas Resources Department
 
          942, Daechi-Dong
          Kangnam-Ku
          Seoul, 135-283 Korea
 
          and at the following cable and telex and facsimilie
          addresses:
 
          Cable: KOGAS SEOUL
          
          Telex: KOGAS 28167
 
          Facsimile: 519-2626 or 519-2627
 
          In each case marked for the attention of:
          General Manager, Gas Resources Department
 
 
 The Parties may designate additional addresses for particular
 communications and may change any address, by notice given
 thirty (30) days in advance of such addition or change. 
 Immediately upon receiving communications by telex, facsimile,
 cable, or radio, a Party shall acknowledge receipt by the same
 means and may request a repeat transmittal of the entire
 communication, or confirmation of particular matters.  If the
 sender receives no acknowledgment of receipt within 24 hours, or
 receives a request for repeat transmittal or confirmation, said
 Party shall repeat the transmittal or answer the particular
 request.  Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Contract,
 all notices hereunder shall become effective upon receipt.  The
 Parties shall maintain radio channels, frequencies and
 procedures for all communications between LNG Tanker(s), the
 Loading Port Facility or the Receiving Facility and the
 authorities for the Loading Port or Unloading Port, as
 applicable.
 
 ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT
 
 Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations hereunder
 may be assigned by Buyer without the prior written consent of
 Seller, or by Seller without the prior written consent of Buyer,
 which consent in either of the foregoing cases shall not be
 unreasonably withheld.
 
 ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
 
 22.1 Amendment
 
    This Contract cannot be amended, modified, varied or
     supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by
     Seller and Buyer. 
 
 22.2 Waiver
 
    The failure of any Party at any time to require performance
     of any provision of this Contract shall not affect its right
     to require subsequent performance of such provision. Waiver
     by any Party of any breach of any provision hereof shall not
     constitute the waiver of any subsequent breach of such
     provision. Performance of any condition or obligation to be
     performed hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived
     or postponed except by an instrument in writing signed by
     the Party who is claimed to have granted such waiver or
     postponement. 
 
 ARTICLE 23 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE
    
 Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall be
 mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer.
 
 ARTICLE 24 - JOINT COORDINATING COMMITTEE                             
 Each of the Parties will promptly appoint representatives to a
 Joint Technical and Operating Committee ("Joint Coordinating
 Committee"), which shall hold its first meeting within sixty
 (60) days after the execution of this Contract and thereafter at
 such intervals as shall be decided upon by the Committee.  The
 Committee, and such other technical representatives as may be
 designated, shall consult together to coordinate plans relating
 to the construction or modification of vessels which Buyer
 intends to use as LNG Tankers ("Proposed LNG Tankers"), so as to
 assure that such vessels are compatible for all purposes and
 that progress is being made in accordance with the project
 timetable agreed to between the Parties. 
            
 No later than three (3) months after the date hereof, Buyer
 shall furnish to the Joint Coordinating Committee a construction
 schedule detailing the schedule of construction for each of the
 Proposed LNG Tankers, the proposed schedule for obtaining port
 approvals, marine permits and other authorizations therefor, and
 the expected date of delivery thereof.  Buyer shall inform the
 Joint Coordinating Committee of any event or occurrence that in
 any way adversely affects the expected date on which a Proposed
 LNG Tanker is to enter into service.
 
 ARTICLE 25 - SCOPE
 
 This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
 Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and
 replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in any
 other agreement between the Parties, whether written or oral,
 prior to the date of the execution hereof.
 
 ARTICLE 26 - LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT
 
 This Contract is made and executed in the English language.
 
 ARTICLE 27 - HEADINGS
 
 The headings and captions in this Contract are inserted solely
 for the sake of convenience and shall not affect the
 interpretation or construction of this Contract.
 
 ARTICLE 28 - COUNTERPARTS
 
 This Contract is executed in two identical counterparts, each of
 which shall have the force and dignity of an original and both
 of which shall constitute but one and the same Contract.
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this Contract
 to be executed in Jakarta by its duly authorized representative
 as of the date listed below.
 
 Dated this 7th day of May, 1991.
 
 
 SELLER:                     BUYER:
 
 PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN      KOREA GAS CORPORATION
 MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
 NEGARA (PERTAMINA)                    
 
 
 
 
  By _________/s/___________   By ________/s/_______<PAGE>
   
                                       SCHEDULE A
 
 
                                        TO THE 
 
 
                            LNG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
 
                                      (KOREA II FOB)
 
 
                                          between
 
 
                   PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA 
                                        (PERTAMINA)
 
 
                                         as Seller
 
                                            and
 
 
                                   KOREA GAS CORPORATION
 
 
                                    as Buyer
 
  <PAGE>
                                SCHEDULE A
                               TESTING AND METHODS


    This Schedule A, entitled "Testing and Methods", is attached
to and forms a part of the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
("Contract") between Pertamina, as Seller, and Korea Gas
Corporation, as Buyer, and sets forth, pursuant to Article 13 of
the Contract, detailed procedures for sampling and analysing LNG
and for gauging and calculating the density and heating value of
LNG.

SECTION I - DEFINITIONS


Terms defined in the Contract and appearing in this Schedule A
shall, when used herein, have the meanings set forth in the
Contract.

SECTION II - TANK GAUGE TABLES


II.1      Calibration of LNG Tanks

    During or immediately following  the completion of
    construction of each vessel which Buyer intends to use as an
    LNG Tanker, Buyer shall arrange for each LNG tank of each
    such vessel to be calibrated by a qualified surveyor mutually
    agreed  upon by Buyer and Seller.

II.2      Preparation of Tank Gauge Tables

    Buyer shall have a qualified surveyor prepare tank gauge
    tables  for  each  LNG  tank  of each vessel which Buyer
    intends to use as an LNG Tanker from the results of the
    calibration referred to in Section II.1 above.  Such tank
    gauge tables shall include sounding  tables, correction
    tables for list (heel)  and  trim, volume  corrections   to 
    tank  service temperature, and other corrections if
    necessary.  The tank gauge tables prepared by  such  surveyor
    shall be verified for use by the authorized agency of the
    Republic of Korea and the Republic of Indonesia.

II.3      Accuracy of Tank Gauge Tables

    The tank gauge tables prepared pursuant to Section II.2 above
    shall indicate volumes in Cubic Meters expressed to the 
    nearest  thousandth, with  tank  depths expressed in meters
    to the nearest hundredth.

II.4      Witnessing of Tank Calibration

    Seller shall have the right to have its representative
    witness the tank calibrations referred to in Section II.1
    above.  Buyer shall give adequate advance notice to Seller of
    the timing of such tank calibrations.

II.5      Recalibration of LNG Tanks in Case of Distortion

    In the event that any LNG tank of any LNG Tanker suffers
    distortion of such a nature as to cause any party reasonably
    to question the validity of the tank gauge tables referred to
    in Section II.2 above, Buyer, subject to Seller's consent,
    shall arrange for such LNG tank to be recalibrated in the
    same manner as set forth in Sections II.1 and II.2 hereof
    during any period when such is out of service for inspection
    and/or repairs.  Buyer shall bear the costs of recalibration
    unless such recalibration was done at Seller's request and
    did not demonstrate any inaccuracy in the tank gauge tables,
    in which case Seller shall pay the costs of recalibration. 
    Except as provided in this Section II.5, no other
    recalibration of any LNG tank of any LNG Tanker shall be
    required.

SECTION III - SELECTION OF GAUGING DEVICES


III.1  Liquid Level Gauging Devices

       III.1.1    Each LNG tank  of  each  LNG Tanker shall  be
                  equipped with a main and an auxiliary liquid
                  level gauging device.

       III.1.2    The  measurement  error  of  the  liquid  level
                  gauging devices shall be no greater than +10
                  millimeters.  The expected accuracy for the main
                  gauging device shall be +7.5 millimeters and for
                  the auxiliary gauging device shall be  +10
                  millimeters.  

       III.1.3    The  level in each LNG tank shall be  logged or
                  printed.

III.2  Temperature Gauging Devices

       III.2.1    Each LNG tank of each LNG Tanker shall be
                  equipped with a minimum of four (4) temperature
                  gauging devices located on or near the vertical
                  axis of such LNG tank.

       III.2.2    Such  temperature  gauging   devices  shall  be
                  installed near the bottom, at approximately
                  fifty percent (50%) of the height, at
                  approximately eighty-five percent (85%) of the
                  height and at approximately one hundred percent
                  (100%) of the height of such LNG tank.

       III.2.3    The measurement error of the temperature gauging
                  devices shall be no greater than +2oC.  The
                  expected accuracy shall be +0.2oC when in liquid
                  and +0.4oC when in vapor.

       III.2.4    The temperatures in each LNG tank shall be
                  logged or printed.

III.3  Pressure Gauging Devices

       III.3.1    Each LNG tank of each LNG Tanker shall have one
                  absolute pressure gauging device.

       III.3.2    The  measurement error of the pressure gauging
                  device shall be no greater than + one percent
                  (1%) of full-scale.  The expected accuracy shall
                  be +0.01 kg/cm2.

       III.3.3    The pressure in each LNG tank shall be logged or
                  printed.

III.4  Verification of Accuracy of Gauging Devices

       Gauging devices shall be verified for accuracy and
       corrected for error in accordance with the terms of
       Subarticle 13.10 of the Contract.

SECTION IV - MEASUREMENT PROCEDURES

IV.1   Liquid Level

       IV.1.1     Measurement of the liquid  level  in  each  LNG
                  tank of each LNG Tanker shall be made to the
                  nearest millimeter by using the main liquid
                  level gauging device referred to in Section
                  III.1 hereof.  Should the main device fail, the
                  auxiliary device shall be used.

       IV.1.2     Three (3) readings  shall be  made in as  rapid
                  succession as possible.  The arithmetic average
                  of the readings shall be deemed the liquid
                  level.

       IV.1.3     Such arithmetic average shall be  calculated to
                  the nearest 0.1 millimeter and shall be rounded
                  to the nearest millimeter.

IV.2   Temperature

       IV.2.1     At the  same  time  liquid  level  is measured,
                  temperature shall be measured to the nearest
                  0.1oC by using the temperature gauging devices
                  referred to in Section III.2 hereof.

       IV.2.2     In  order  to   determine  the  temperature  of
                  liquid and vapor in the LNG tanks of an LNG
                  Tanker one (1) reading shall be taken at each
                  temperature gauging device in each LNG tank.  An
                  arithmetic average of such readings with respect
                  to vapor and liquid in all LNG tanks shall be
                  deemed the final temperature of vapor and
                  liquid.

       IV.2.3     Such arithmetic average shall be calculated  to
                  the nearest 0.01oC and shall be rounded to the
                  nearest 0.1oC.

IV.3   Pressure

       IV.3.1     At the same time liquid level is measured,  the
                  absolute pressure in each LNG tank shall be
                  measured to the nearest 0.01 kg/cm2 by using the
                  pressure gauging device referred to in Section
                  III.3 hereof.

       IV.3.2     The determination of the absolute  pressure  in
                  the LNG tanks of each LNG Tanker shall be made
                  by taking one (1) reading of the pressure
                  gauging device in each LNG tank, and then by
                  taking an arithmetic average of all such
                  readings.

       IV.3.3     Such arithmetic average shall be calculated  to
                  the nearest 0.001 kg/cm2 and shall be rounded to
                  the nearest 0.01 kg/cm2.

IV.4   Procedures in Case of Gauging Device Failure

       Should the measurements referred to in Sections IV.l, IV.2
       and IV.3 hereof become impossible to perform due to a
       failure of gauging  devices, alternate gauging procedures
       shall be determined by mutual agreement between Buyer and
       Seller.

IV.5   Determination of Volume of LNG Loaded

       IV.5.1     The  list  (heel)  and  trim  of the LNG Tanker
                  shall be measured at the same time as the liquid
                  level and temperature of LNG in each LNG tank
                  are measured.  Such measurements shall be made
                  immediately before loading commences and
                  immediately after loading is completed.  The
                  volume of LNG, stated in Cubic Meters to the
                  nearest 0.001 Cubic Meters, shall be determined
                  by using the tank gauge tables referred to in
                  Section II hereof and by applying the volume
                  corrections set forth therein.

       IV.5.2     The volume of LNG loaded shall be determined by
                  deducting the total volume of LNG in all tanks
                  immediately before loading commences from the
                  total volume in all tanks immediately after
                  loading is completed.  This volume of LNG loaded
                  is then rounded to the nearest Cubic Meter.

SECTION V - DETERMINATION OF COMPOSITION OF LNG

V.1    Sampling Procedures

       V.1.1      Representative samples of LNG shall be obtained
                  continuously and at an even rate during the
                  period starting immediately after continuous
                  loading has commenced and ending immediately
                  prior to the suspension of continuous loading.

       V.1.2      A composite gaseous sample shall be  collected
                  in a suitable gas holder using a continuous
                  gasification/collection method agreed upon by
                  Seller and Buyers.

       V.1.3      Three (3) samples shall be transferred from the
                  gas holder to sample bottles after completion of
                  loading.  Such sample bottles shall be sealed by
                  the surveyor who witnessed such sampling in
                  accordance with Subarticle 13.8 of the Contract
                  and shall be delivered to Seller.  Seller shall
                  use one (1) such sample for analysis to
                  determine the composition.

       V.1.4      Distribution of Samples

                  The gaseous samples shall be distributed as
                  follows:

                         First sample:  for analysis by Seller.

                         Second sample: for  analysis by Buyer.

                         Third sample:  for retention by Seller
                                        for at least twenty-five
                                        (25) days.  In case any
                                        dispute as to the accuracy
                                        of any analysis is raised,
                                        the sample shall be
                                        further retained until
                                        Buyer and Seller agree to
                                        retain it no longer.
       V.1.5        Failure   in   Collecting   Samples   and  in
                    Determining the Composition of LNG -  

                    If sampling and/or analysis fails for some
                    reason, the arithmetic average of the analysis
                    results of the five (5) immediately preceding
                    cargoes (or of the total cargoes delivered is
                    less than five) under this Contract from the
                    applicable Loading Port shall be deemed to be
                    the composition of the LNG.  The loaded BTUs
                    and metric tons are calculated as follows:

                           E5 (BTU/m3) X Vm3 loaded = BTU
                           E5 (Kg/m3) X Vm3 = Metric Tons  
                         
V.2    Analysis Procedures

       V.2.1        Hydrocarbons, Carbon Dioxide and Nitrogen  -
                    Seller's sample shall be analysed immediately
                    by Seller to determine, by gas chromatography,
                    the mol fraction of hydrocarbons, carbon
                    dioxide and nitrogen in the sample.  The
                    method used shall be the method described in
                    the latest version of the Gas Processors
                    Association (GPA) Publication 2261 current at
                    the time of analysis or any other method
                    agreed upon by Buyer and Seller.  Duplicate
                    runs shall be made on each sample to determine
                    that the repeatabilities of peak heights or
                    peak areas are within acceptable limits.  The
                    calculated results of such duplicate runs
                    shall be averaged.

       V.2.2        Hydrogen Sulfide - The ASTM D 2725-70,
                    Standard Method of Test for Hydrogen Sulfide
                    in Natural Gas (Methylene Blue Method), shall
                    be used to determine the hydrogen sulfide
                    content of Seller's sample, unless Seller and
                    Buyer mutually agree that some other method
                    should be used.

       V.2.3        Total Sulfur - The ASTM D 3246-76, Standard
                    Method of Test for Sulfur in Petroleum Gas by
                    Oxidative Microcoulometry, shall be used to
                    determine the total sulfur content of Seller's
                    sample, unless Seller and Buyer mutually agree
                    that some other method should be used.

                    If the total sulfur content is less than 0.25
                    grains per 100 Standard Cubic Feet, it is not
                    necessary to analyze the sample for H2S.

V.3    Correlation Test of Analytical Equipment and Devices

       Buyer and Seller shall, prior to use and during periods of
       use, perform a correlation test using standard gas in order
       properly to maintain the accuracy of Seller's and Buyer's
       equipment and devices.

       Such correlation tests are subject to the following
       conditions:

       (a)    Mutual agreement of Seller and Buyer as to  timing
              of a test;

       (b)    The standard gas sample shall be obtained by
              Buyer;

       (c)    The standard gas sample shall be transported to the
              applicable Loading Port on an LNG Tanker;

       (d)    Seller shall analyze the sample and return it to
              Buyer on an LNG Tanker;

       (e)    Buyer shall analyze the sample; and

       (f)    The results of these tests shall be made  available
              to all Parties.

SECTION VI - DETERMINATION OF BTU QUANTITY OF LNG SOLD

VI.1   Calculation of Density

       The density of LNG shall be calculated by use of the
       formula:
 
                             E (Xi x Mi)     
                     D =  _____________________ 
                           E (Xi x Vi) - Xm x C
                    
        where:
           D     is the density to four (4) significant figures of
                 the LNG loaded, stated in kilograms per Cubic
                 Meter at temperature TL;

           TL    is the temperature of the LNG in the tanks of the
                 LNG Tanker after loading, stated in degrees
                 Centigrade to the nearest 0.1oC;

           Xi    is the mol fraction, to the nearest fourth (4th)
                 decimal place, of component (i) from the
                 composition obtained in accordance with Section V
                 hereof;

           Mi    is the molecular weight of component (i) as set
                 forth in Table 1 attached hereto;

           Vi    is the molar volume, to the nearest sixth (6th)
                 decimal place, of component (i), stated in Cubic
                 Meters per kilogram-mol at temperature TL and
                 obtained by linear interpolation of the data set
                 forth in Table 2 attached hereto;

           Xm    is the mol fraction, to the nearest fourth (4th)
                 decimal place, of methane from the composition
                 obtained in accordance with Section V hereof; and

           C     is the volume correction, to the nearest sixth
                 (6th) decimal place, stated in Cubic Meters per
                 kilogram-mol at temperature TL and obtained by
                 linear interpolation of the data set forth in
                 Table 3 attached hereto.

        An example of an LNG density calculation is shown in Table
        4 attached hereto.

VI.2    Calculation of Gross Heating Value

        VI.2.1   The Gross Heating Value (mass basis) of LNG shall
                 be calculated by use of the formula:

                                            Xi x Mi    
                           P =   E  Hi x ____________
 
                                          E (Xi x Mi)
                    
                 where:

                   P       is the Gross Heating Value of LNG,
                           stated in BTU's per kilogram;

                   Hi      is the Gross Heating Value of component
                           (i), stated in BTU's per kilogram as
                           set forth in Table 1 attached hereto;

                   Xi      is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of
                           component (i) from the composition
                           obtained pursuant to Section V hereof;
                           and

                   Mi      is the molecular weight of component
                           (i) as set forth in Table 1 attached
                           hereto.

                 An example of a Gross Heating Value (mass basis)
                 calculation is shown in Table 5 attached hereto.

        VI.2.2     The Gross  Heating  Value  (volume basis)  for
                   purposes of Subarticle 11.1 of the Contract
                   shall be calculated by use of the formula:

                           Hv =   E (Xi x Hvi)

                 where:

                   Hv      is the Gross Heating Value, stated in
                           BTU's per Standard Cubic Foot;

                   Xi      is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of
                           component (i) from the composition
                           obtained pursuant to Section V hereof;
                           and

                   Hvi     is the Gross Heating Value of component
                           (i), stated in BTU's per Standard Cubic
                           Foot, as set forth in Table 1 attached
                           hereto.

                   An example of a Gross Heating Value (volume
                   basis) calculation is shown in Table 6 attached
                   hereto.

VI.3    Calculation of BTU Quantity of LNG Delivered

        The BTU quantity of LNG sold shall be computed by use of
        the formula:

                 Q = V x D x P

        where:

           Q     is the BTU quantity sold;

           V     is the volume of the LNG loaded, stated in Cubic
                 Meters, obtained pursuant to Section IV.5 hereof;

           D     is the density of the LNG, stated in kilograms
                 per Cubic Meter, as calculated in accordance with
                 Section VI.1 hereof; and

           P     is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG, stated in
                 BTU's per kilogram, as calculated in accordance
                 with Section VI.2.1 hereof.

 VI.4   Method of Rounding Numbers

        VI.4.1   General -
                 If the first of the figures to be discarded is
                 five (5) or more, the last of the figures to be
                 retained is increased by one (1).

                 If the first of the figures to be discarded is
                 four (4) or less, the last of the figures to be
                 retained is unaltered.

                 For the purpose of rounding to a zero (0), the
                 last of the figures to be retained shall have the
                 same value as a ten (10).

                 The following example is given to illustrate how
                 a number is to be established in accordance with
                 the above:

                                        Number after being
                                        rounded to first
                 Number to be rounded   decimal place  

                       2.24                     2.2
                       2.249                    2.2
                       2.25                     2.3
                       2.35                     2.4
                       2.97                     3.0

        VI.4.2   Determination of BTU Quantity of LNG delivered -
                 The BTU quantity of LNG delivered is computed by
                 the use of the formula:

                   Q = V x D x P

                 where:

                   Q       is the BTU quantity delivered.  The BTU
                           quantity shall be rounded to the
                           nearest ten (10) million BTU's;

                   V       is the volume of the LNG loaded, stated
                           in Cubic Meters.  The volume shall be
                           rounded to the nearest Cubic Meter;

                   D       is the density of the LNG, stated in
                           kilograms per Cubic Meter at
                           temperature TL.  The density shall be
                           rounded to the nearest tenth (0.1) of a
                           kg/m3;

                   TL      is the temperature of the LNG in the
                           tanks of the LNG Tanker after loading,
                           stated in degrees Centigrade to the
                           nearest tenth (0.1) degree C; and

                   P       is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG,
                           stated in BTU's per kilogram.  The
                           Gross Heating Value shall be rounded to
                           the nearest BTU/kg.

        VI.4.3   Determination of LNG Density -

                 The density of the LNG is calculated by use of
                 the formula:

                                 E(Xi x Mi)     
                      D =   ___________________
                            E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C

                   where:

                   D       is the density of the LNG, stated in
                           kilograms per Cubic Meter at
                           temperature TL.  The density shall be
                           rounded to the nearest tenth (0.1) of a
                           kg/m3;


                   TL      is the temperature of the LNG in the
                           tanks of the LNG Tanker after loading,
                           stated in degrees Centigrade to the
                           nearest tenth (0.1) degree C;

                   Xi      is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of
                           component (i) from the composition
                           obtained in accordance with Section V
                           hereof.  The mol fraction of methane
                           shall be adjusted so as to make the
                           total mol fraction equal to 1.0000;

                   Mi      is the molecular weight of component
                           (i) as set forth in Table 1 attached
                           hereto;

                      E (Xi x Mi):

                           The  result  of   the  calculation  of
                           "Xi x Mi" of component (i) shall be
                           rounded to the nearest third (3rd)
                           decimal place, and then, "E(Xi x Mi)"
                           shall be calculated to the nearest
                           third (3rd) decimal place;

                      Vi   is the molar volume, to the nearest
                           sixth (6th) decimal place, of component
                           (i), stated in Cubic Meters per
                           kilogram-mol at temperature TL, and
                           shall be obtained by linear
                           interpolation of the data set forth in
                           Table 2 attached hereto;

                      E (Xi x Vi):

                           The   result  of  the  calculation  of
                           "Xi x Vi" of component (i) shall be
                           rounded to the nearest sixth (6th)
                           decimal place, and then "E(Xi x Vi)"
                           shall be calculated to the nearest
                           sixth (6th) decimal place;

                      Xm   is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of methane
                           from the composition obtained in
                           accordance with Section V hereof;

                      C    is the volume correction, to the
                           nearest sixth (6th) decimal place,
                           stated in Cubic Meters per kilogram-mol
                           at temperature TL, and shall be
                           obtained by linear interpolation of the
                           data set forth in Table 3 attached
                           hereto;

                      Xm x C:

                           "Xm x C" shall be calculated to the
                           nearest sixth (6th) decimal place; and

                      E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C:

                           "E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C" shall be
                           calculated to the nearest sixth (6th)
                           decimal place.

        VI.4.4     Determination of Gross Heating Value

                   VI.4.4.1   The Gross Heating Value (mass
                              basis) of the LNG is calculated by
                              use of the formula:

                                                 Xi x Mi   
                                 P = E   Hi  x ___________
                                               E(Xi x Mi)

                             where:

                               P    is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    the LNG, stated in BTU's per
                                    kilogram.  Each term of the
                                    above equation shall first be
                                    calculated and rounded to the
                                    nearest BTU/kg, and then all
                                    terms shall be summed to obtain
                                    the Gross Heating Value "P";

                               Hi   is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    component (i), stated in BTU's
                                    per kilogram, as set forth in
                                    Table 1 attached hereto;

                               Xi   is the mol fraction, to the
                                    nearest fourth (4th) decimal
                                    place, of component (i) from
                                    the composition obtained in
                                    accordance with Section V
                                    hereof;

                               Mi   is the molecular weight of
                                    component (i) as set forth in
                                    Table 1 attached hereto;

                               Xi x Mi:

                                    "Xi x Mi" of component (i)
                                    shall be calculated to the
                                    nearest third (3rd) decimal
                                    place;

                               E(Xi x Mi):

                                    "E(Xi x Mi)" shall be
                                    calculated to the nearest third
                                    (3rd) decimal place by summing
                                    all "Xi x Mi" obtained as
                                    above;

                                   Xi x Mi    
                                 __________ :
                                 E(Xi x Mi)

                                         Xi x Mi     
                                    "  __________ "   shall be
                                       E(Xi x Mi)
                                    calculated for component (i) to
                                    the nearest fifth (5th) decimal 
                                     place  by  dividing " Xi x Mi"
                                    by " E(Xi x Mi)";

                                       Xi x Mi     
                               Hi x  __________  :
                                     E(Xi x Mi)

                                             Xi x Mi       
                                    "Hi x ___________ "  shall
                                          E (Xi x Mi)
                                    be calculated for component (i)
                                    to the nearest whole number by
                                    multiplying "Hi" by

                                         Xi x Mi    
                                    " ___________ " ; and 
                                      E (Xi x Mi)
                                    
                                    
                                         Xi x Mi    
                               E   Hi x __________   :
                                        E(Xi x Mi)


                                              Xi  x  Mi   
                                                               
                                          " E   Hi x "   
                                              E(Xi x Mi)

                                    shall be calculated to the
                                    nearest whole number by summing
                                    all 

                                    "         Xi x Mi  "
                                      Hi x  __________
                                             E(Xi x Mi)

                                    obtained as above.


                   VI.4.4.2    The  Gross  Heating  Value (volume
                               basis) of the LNG shall be
                               calculated by use of the formula:

                               Hv =  E(Xi x Hvi)

                             where:


                               Hv   is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    LNG, stated in BTU's per
                                    Standard Cubic Foot.  Each term
                                    of the above equation shall
                                    first be calculated and rounded
                                    to the nearest tenth (0.1) of a
                                    BTU/scf, and then all terms
                                    shall be summed and rounded to
                                    the nearest BTU/scf to obtain
                                    the Gross Heating Value "Hv";

                               Xi   is the mol fraction, to the
                                    nearest fourth (4th) decimal
                                    place, of component (i) from
                                    the composition obtained
                                    pursuant to Section V hereof;
                                    and 

                               Hvi  is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    component (i), stated in BTU's
                                    per Standard Cubic Foot, as set
                                    forth in Table 1 attached
                                    hereto.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                  TABLE 1

                                  PHYSICAL CONSTANTS

<CAPTION>
                                       Gross Heating   Gross Heating
                           Molecular   Value (BTU/kg)  Value (BTU/scf)
                             Weight       at 60oF,        at 60oF
 Component                     Mi            Hi             Hvi      
 
 
 
 <S>                         <C>           <C>             <C>
 Methane (CH )               16.043        52671           1010.0
            4
 
 Ethane (C H )               30.070        49236           1769.6
          2 6
 
 Propane (C H )              44.097        47737           2516.1
           3 8
 
 Iso-butane (i-C H  )        58.123        46809           3251.9
                4 10 
 
 Normal Butane (n-C H  )     58.123        46959           3262.3
                   4 10
 
 Iso-pentane (i-C H  )       72.150        46392           4000.9
                 5 12
 
 Normal Pentane (n-C H  )    72.150        46485           4008.9
                    5 12 
 
 Normal Hexane (n-C H  )     86.177        46172           4755.9
                   6 14 
 
 Nitrogen (N )               28.013            0              0
            2
 
 Oxygen (O )                 31.999            0              0
          2
 
 Carbon Dioxide (CO )        44.010            0              0
                   2
 
 

The above table of Physical Constants, developed from GPA Publication 2145-88, shall be
used
for all density and heating value calculations associated with this Contract.  This table of
Physical Constants shall be revised to conform to any subsequent officially published
revision of GPA Publication 2145.  The values for the Gross Heating Value in BTU/kg as
shown
above have been obtained by multiplying the GPA 2145 values for "BTU/lbm fuel as ideal
gas"
from GPA 2145 by 2.20462.

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   TABLE 2
                                 MOLAR VOLUMES OF INDIVIDUAL COMPONENTS

<CAPTION>
            Molar Volumes (m3/kg-mol) at Various Temperatures x 103
            _______________________________________________________
              -162oC          -160oC        -158oC      -156oC
             _______         ______         ______      _____
  
 <S>         <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>
 
 CH           37.95          38.21       38.48       38.76
   4
 
 C H          47.84          48.00       48.16       48.33
  2 6
 
 C H          62.34          62.52       62.70       62.89
  3 8
 
 i-C H        76.90          77.11       77.33       77.54
    4 10
 
 n-C H        76.63          76.82       77.01       77.20
    4 10
 
 i-C H        90.92          91.13       91.35       91.56
    5 12
 
 n-C H        90.26          90.47       90.67       90.88
    5 12
 
 n-C H       104.67         104.89      105.11      105.34
    6 14
 
 N            45.64          46.83       48.11       49.47
  2
 
 O            31.14          31.51       31.90       32.30
  2
 
 CO           29.73          29.83       29.93       30.03
   2
 
 
 
 
 
 Reference :                Density calculations and method from Proceedings of the First
International
                             Conference of LNG, April 1968, Paper No. 22, Densities of
Liquefied Natural Gas
                             and of Low Molecular Weight Hydrocarbons, J. Klosek and C.
McKinley.
 
  Note:      Molar volumes for CO2 were developed by mutual agreement between Buyer and
              Seller.
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                     TABLE 3
                               CORRECTION C FOR VOLUME REDUCTION OF MIXTURE
 
 <CAPTION>
     Molecular
        Weight       C (m /kg-mol) at Various Temperatures x 103 
     of Mixture      ___________________________________________
                            o            o           o           o
 E(Xi x Mi)          -162 C       -160 C      -158 C      -156 C
 
     <S>             <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
     17.00            0.240        0.240       0.250       0.260
     17.50            0.360        0.370       0.380       0.390
     18.00            0.470        0.490       0.500       0.520
     18.50            0.580        0.600       0.620       0.640
     19.00            0.690        0.710       0.730       0.750
     19.50            0.790        0.810       0.840       0.860
     20.00            0.890        0.910       0.940       0.970
 
 
 
 Reference :         Density calculations and method from Proceedings of the First
International
                      Conference of LNG, April 1968, Paper No. 22, Densities of Liquefied
Natural Gas
                      and of Low Molecular Weight Hydrocarbons, J. Klosek and C. McKinley.
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                           TABLE 4
                                 EXAMPLE OF LNG DENSITY CALCULATION
 
 <CAPTION>
                                            Molar Volume       
            Mol       Molecular             Vi x 103
          Fraction     Weight               (m3/kg-mol) 
                                            at TL-158.9oC
                     
            Xi         Mi         Xi x Mi      Vi            (Xi x Vi)x103
         
 <S>       <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>            <C>
 CH        0.9128     16.043    14.644       38.359         35.014
   4
 
 C H       0.0539     30.070     1.621       48.088          2.592
  2 6    
 
 C H       0.0241     44.097     1.063       62.619          1.509
  3 8      
 
 i-C H     0.0043     58.123     0.250       77.231          0.332
    4 10    
 
 n-C H     0.0044     58.123     0.256       76.925          0.338
    4 10
 
 i-C H     0.0001     72.150     0.007       91.251          0.009
    5 12  
 
 N2        0.0004     28.013     0.011        47.534          0.019
          
 
 
 Total     1.0000               17.852                      39.813
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Average Molecular Weight = 17.852
 
             Average Molar Volume = 39.813
 
 
                            -3       
              C = 0.460 x 10  
 
                                  17.852               
              D = ______________________________________
                              -3                      -3
                   39.813 x 10   - 0.9128 x 0.460 x 10  
 
 
                              17.852          
                =  _______________________________
                              -3             -3
                   39.813 x 10   - 0.420 x 10  
 
 
                                3
                =  0.453177 x 10
 
 
                             3
              D =  453.2 kg/m
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                               TABLE 5
 
                       EXAMPLE OF GROSS HEATING VALUE (MASS BASIS)
CALCULATION
 
                                                                              
           
 <CAPTION>
                                                                         Gross
            Mol      Heating Value    Molecular                      Heating Value 
           Fraction  (BTU/kg)        Weight                                     
                                                                      Hi x Xi x Mi   *      
                                                                
             Xi        Hi             Mi        (Xi x Mi)                E(Xi x Mi)
         _______     ________     ________    ___________                __________     
 <S>      <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>                    <C>         
 
 CH       0.9128      52671         16.043       14.644                  43206
   4
 
 C H      0.0539      49236         30.070        1.621                   4471
  2 6    
 
 C H      0.0241      47737         44.097        1.063                   2843
  3 8   
 
 i-C H    0.0043      46809         58.123        0.250                    655
    4 10   
 
 n-C H    0.0044      46959         58.123        0.256                    673
    4 10   
 
 i-C H    0.0001      46392         72.150        0.007                     18
    5 12   
 
 N2       0.0004           0                    28.013      0.011                     
 
 
 Total    1.0000                                 17.852                  51866
 
 
           * Rounded to the fifth (5th) decimal place
 
           P = 51866 BTU/kg
 
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                           TABLE 6
 
 
                      EXAMPLE OF GROSS HEATING VALUE (VOLUME BASIS)
CALCULATION
 
 <CAPTION>
                                                 
                                    
 Component         Mol Fraction       Gross Heating   
                                           Value, Hvi            
                                        (BTU/scf)
                         Xi                    Hvi            (Xi x Hvi)
 _____________     _____________    ________________  ________________
 
 <S>                  <C>             <C>               <C>
 CH                   0.9128          1010.0            921.9
   4
 
 C H                  0.0539          1769.6             95.4
  2 6
 
 C H                                  0.0241            2516.1        60.6
  3 8
 
 i-C H                0.0043          3251.9             14.0
    4 10     
 
 n-C H                0.0044          3262.3             14.4
    4 10  
 
 i-C H                0.0001          4000.9              0.4
    5 12
 
 N                    0.0004             0                0
  2
 
                                                                
 Total                1.0000                           1106.7  
                                                                 
                                                                 
 
    Hv = 1107 BTU/scf
 
 </TABLE>
 
 
 
 
 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>18
<DESCRIPTION>SCHEDULE A TO LNG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>

                                SCHEDULE A


                                  TO THE 


                         LNG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT

                               (KOREA II FOB)


                                  between


                         PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
NEGARA 
                                (PERTAMINA)


                                                  as Seller

                                    and


                           KOREA GAS CORPORATION


                                                  as Buyer

SCHEDULE A
TESTING AND METHODS


     This Schedule A, entitled "Testing and Methods", is attached
to and forms a part of the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
("Contract") between Pertamina, as Seller, and Korea Gas
Corporation, as Buyer, and sets forth, pursuant to Article 13 of
the Contract, detailed procedures for sampling and analysing LNG
and for gauging and calculating the density and heating value of
LNG.

SECTION I - DEFINITIONS

Terms defined in the Contract and appearing in this Schedule A
shall, when used herein, have the meanings set forth in the
Contract.

<PAGE>
SECTION II - TANK GAUGE TABLES


II.1 Calibration of LNG Tanks

     During or immediately following  the completion of
     construction of each vessel which Buyer intends to use as an
     LNG Tanker, Buyer shall arrange for each LNG tank of each such
     vessel to be calibrated by a qualified surveyor mutually
     agreed  upon by Buyer and Seller.

II.2 Preparation of Tank Gauge Tables

     Buyer shall have a qualified surveyor prepare tank gauge
     tables  for  each  LNG  tank  of each vessel which Buyer
     intends to use as an LNG Tanker from the results of the
     calibration referred to in Section II.1 above.  Such tank
     gauge tables shall include sounding  tables, correction tables
     for list (heel)  and  trim, volume  corrections   to  tank 
     service temperature, and other corrections if necessary.  The
     tank gauge tables prepared by  such  surveyor shall be
     verified for use by the authorized agency of the Republic of
     Korea and the Republic of Indonesia.

II.3 Accuracy of Tank Gauge Tables

     The tank gauge tables prepared pursuant to Section II.2 above
     shall indicate volumes in Cubic Meters expressed to the 
     nearest  thousandth, with  tank  depths expressed in meters to
     the nearest hundredth.

II.4 Witnessing of Tank Calibration

     Seller shall have the right to have its representative witness
     the tank calibrations referred to in Section II.1 above. 
     Buyer shall give adequate advance notice to Seller of the
     timing of such tank calibrations.

II.5 Recalibration of LNG Tanks in Case of Distortion

     In the event that any LNG tank of any LNG Tanker suffers
     distortion of such a nature as to cause any party reasonably
     to question the validity of the tank gauge tables referred to
     in Section II.2 above, Buyer, subject to Seller's consent,
     shall arrange for such LNG tank to be recalibrated in the same
     manner as set forth in Sections II.1 and II.2 hereof during
     any period when such is out of service for inspection and/or
     repairs.  Buyer shall bear the costs of recalibration unless
     such recalibration was done at Seller's request and did not
     demonstrate any inaccuracy in the tank gauge tables, in which
     case Seller shall pay the costs of recalibration.  Except as
     provided in this Section II.5, no other recalibration of any
     LNG tank of any LNG Tanker shall be required.<PAGE>

SECTION III - SELECTION OF GAUGING DEVICES


III.1  Liquid Level Gauging Devices

       III.1.1    Each LNG tank  of  each  LNG Tanker shall  be
                  equipped with a main and an auxiliary liquid
                  level gauging device.

       III.1.2    The  measurement  error  of  the  liquid  level
                  gauging devices shall be no greater than +10
                  millimeters.  The expected accuracy for the main
                  gauging device shall be +7.5 millimeters and for
                  the auxiliary gauging device shall be  +10
                  millimeters.  

       III.1.3    The  level in each LNG tank shall be  logged or
                  printed.

III.2  Temperature Gauging Devices

       III.2.1    Each LNG tank of each LNG Tanker shall be
                  equipped with a minimum of four (4) temperature
                  gauging devices located on or near the vertical
                  axis of such LNG tank.

       III.2.2    Such  temperature  gauging   devices  shall  be
                  installed near the bottom, at approximately fifty
                  percent (50%) of the height, at approximately
                  eighty-five percent (85%) of the height and at
                  approximately one hundred percent (100%) of the
                  height of such LNG tank.

       III.2.3    The measurement error of the temperature gauging
                  devices shall be no greater than +2C.  The
                  expected accuracy shall be +0.2oC when in liquid
                  and +0.4oC when in vapor.

       III.2.4    The temperatures in each LNG tank shall be logged
                  or printed.

III.3  Pressure Gauging Devices

       III.3.1    Each LNG tank of each LNG Tanker shall have one
                  absolute pressure gauging device.

       III.3.2    The  measurement error of the pressure gauging
                  device shall be no greater than + one percent
                  (1%) of full-scale.  The expected accuracy shall
                  be +0.01 kg/cm2.

       III.3.3    The pressure in each LNG tank shall be logged or
                  printed.

III.4  Verification of Accuracy of Gauging Devices

       Gauging devices shall be verified for accuracy and corrected
       for error in accordance with the terms of Subarticle 13.10 of
       the Contract.
<PAGE>
SECTION IV - MEASUREMENT PROCEDURES

IV.1   Liquid Level

       IV.1.1     Measurement of the liquid  level  in  each  LNG
                  tank of each LNG Tanker shall be made to the
                  nearest millimeter by using the main liquid level
                  gauging device referred to in Section III.1
                  hereof.  Should the main device fail, the
                  auxiliary device shall be used.

       IV.1.2     Three (3) readings  shall be  made in as  rapid
                  succession as possible.  The arithmetic average
                  of the readings shall be deemed the liquid level.

       IV.1.3     Such arithmetic average shall be  calculated to
                  the nearest 0.1 millimeter and shall be rounded
                  to the nearest millimeter.

IV.2   Temperature

       IV.2.1     At the  same  time  liquid  level  is measured,
                  temperature shall be measured to the nearest
                  0.1oC by using the temperature gauging devices
                  referred to in Section III.2 hereof.

       IV.2.2     In  order  to   determine  the  temperature  of
                  liquid and vapor in the LNG tanks of an LNG
                  Tanker one (1) reading shall be taken at each
                  temperature gauging device in each LNG tank.  An
                  arithmetic average of such readings with respect
                  to vapor and liquid in all LNG tanks shall be
                  deemed the final temperature of vapor and liquid.

       IV.2.3     Such arithmetic average shall be calculated  to
                  the nearest 0.01oC and shall be rounded to the
                  nearest 0.1oC.

IV.3   Pressure

       IV.3.1     At the same time liquid level is measured,  the
                  absolute pressure in each LNG tank shall be
                  measured to the nearest 0.01 kg/cm2 by using the
                  pressure gauging device referred to in Section
                  III.3 hereof.

       IV.3.2     The determination of the absolute  pressure  in
                  the LNG tanks of each LNG Tanker shall be made by
                  taking one (1) reading of the pressure gauging
                  device in each LNG tank, and then by taking an
                  arithmetic average of all such readings.

       IV.3.3     Such arithmetic average shall be calculated  to
                  the nearest 0.001 kg/cm2 and shall be rounded to
                  the nearest 0.01 kg/cm2.

IV.4   Procedures in Case of Gauging Device Failure

       Should the measurements referred to in Sections IV.l, IV.2
       and IV.3 hereof become impossible to perform due to a failure
       of gauging  devices, alternate gauging procedures shall be
       determined by mutual agreement between Buyer and Seller.

IV.5   Determination of Volume of LNG Loaded

       IV.5.1     The  list  (heel)  and  trim  of the LNG Tanker
                  shall be measured at the same time as the liquid
                  level and temperature of LNG in each LNG tank are
                  measured.  Such measurements shall be made
                  immediately before loading commences and
                  immediately after loading is completed.  The
                  volume of LNG, stated in Cubic Meters to the
                  nearest 0.001 Cubic Meters, shall be determined
                  by using the tank gauge tables referred to in
                  Section II hereof and by applying the volume
                  corrections set forth therein.

       IV.5.2     The volume of LNG loaded shall be determined by
                  deducting the total volume of LNG in all tanks
                  immediately before loading commences from the
                  total volume in all tanks immediately after
                  loading is completed.  This volume of LNG loaded
                  is then rounded to the nearest Cubic Meter.
<PAGE>
SECTION V - DETERMINATION OF COMPOSITION OF LNG

V.1    Sampling Procedures

       V.1.1      Representative samples of LNG shall be obtained
                  continuously and at an even rate during the
                  period starting immediately after continuous
                  loading has commenced and ending immediately
                  prior to the suspension of continuous loading.

       V.1.2      A composite gaseous sample shall be  collected in
                  a suitable gas holder using a continuous
                  gasification/collection method agreed upon by
                  Seller and Buyers.

       V.1.3      Three (3) samples shall be transferred from the
                  gas holder to sample bottles after completion of
                  loading.  Such sample bottles shall be sealed by
                  the surveyor who witnessed such sampling in
                  accordance with Subarticle 13.8 of the Contract
                  and shall be delivered to Seller.  Seller shall
                  use one (1) such sample for analysis to determine
                  the composition.

       V.1.4      Distribution of Samples

                  The gaseous samples shall be distributed as
                  follows:

                         First sample:  for analysis by Seller.

                         Second sample: for  analysis by Buyer.

                         Third sample:  for retention by Seller
                                        for at least twenty-five
                                        (25) days.  In case any
                                        dispute as to the accuracy
                                        of any analysis is raised,
                                        the sample shall be further
                                        retained until Buyer and
                                        Seller agree to retain it
                                        no longer.
       V.1.5        Failure   in   Collecting   Samples   and  in
                    Determining the Composition of LNG -  

                    If sampling and/or analysis fails for some
                    reason, the arithmetic average of the analysis
                    results of the five (5) immediately preceding
                    cargoes (or of the total cargoes delivered is
                    less than five) under this Contract from the
                    applicable Loading Port shall be deemed to be
                    the composition of the LNG.  The loaded BTUs
                    and metric tons are calculated as follows:

                           E5 (BTU/m3) X Vm3 loaded = BTU
                           E5 (Kg/m3) X Vm3 = Metric Tons  
                         
V.2    Analysis Procedures

       V.2.1        Hydrocarbons, Carbon Dioxide and Nitrogen  -
                    Seller's sample shall be analysed immediately
                    by Seller to determine, by gas chromatography,
                    the mol fraction of hydrocarbons, carbon
                    dioxide and nitrogen in the sample.  The method
                    used shall be the method described in the
                    latest version of the Gas Processors
                    Association (GPA) Publication 2261 current at
                    the time of analysis or any other method agreed
                    upon by Buyer and Seller.  Duplicate runs shall
                    be made on each sample to determine that the
                    repeatabilities of peak heights or peak areas
                    are within acceptable limits.  The calculated
                    results of such duplicate runs shall be
                    averaged.

       V.2.2        Hydrogen Sulfide - The ASTM D 2725-70, Standard
                    Method of Test for Hydrogen Sulfide in Natural
                    Gas (Methylene Blue Method), shall be used to
                    determine the hydrogen sulfide content of
                    Seller's sample, unless Seller and Buyer
                    mutually agree that some other method should be
                    used.

       V.2.3        Total Sulfur - The ASTM D 3246-76, Standard
                    Method of Test for Sulfur in Petroleum Gas by
                    Oxidative Microcoulometry, shall be used to
                    determine the total sulfur content of Seller's
                    sample, unless Seller and Buyer mutually agree
                    that some other method should be used.

                    If the total sulfur content is less than 0.25
                    grains per 100 Standard Cubic Feet, it is not
                    necessary to analyze the sample for H2S.

V.3    Correlation Test of Analytical Equipment and Devices

       Buyer and Seller shall, prior to use and during periods of
       use, perform a correlation test using standard gas in order
       properly to maintain the accuracy of Seller's and Buyer's
       equipment and devices.

       Such correlation tests are subject to the following
       conditions:

       (a)    Mutual agreement of Seller and Buyer as to  timing of
              a test;

       (b)    The standard gas sample shall be obtained by
              Buyer;

       (c)    The standard gas sample shall be transported to the
              applicable Loading Port on an LNG Tanker;

       (d)    Seller shall analyze the sample and return it to
              Buyer on an LNG Tanker;

       (e)    Buyer shall analyze the sample; and

       (f)    The results of these tests shall be made  available to
              all Parties.
<PAGE>
SECTION VI - DETERMINATION OF BTU QUANTITY OF LNG SOLD

VI.1   Calculation of Density

       The density of LNG shall be calculated by use of the formula:
 
                             E (Xi x Mi)     
                     D =  ___________________
                          E (Xi x Vi) - Xm x C
                    
        where:
           D     is the density to four (4) significant figures of
                 the LNG loaded, stated in kilograms per Cubic
                 Meter at temperature TL;

           TL    is the temperature of the LNG in the tanks of the
                 LNG Tanker after loading, stated in degrees
                 Centigrade to the nearest 0.1oC;

           Xi    is the mol fraction, to the nearest fourth (4th)
                 decimal place, of component (i) from the
                 composition obtained in accordance with Section V
                 hereof;

           Mi    is the molecular weight of component (i) as set
                 forth in Table 1 attached hereto;

           Vi    is the molar volume, to the nearest sixth (6th)
                 decimal place, of component (i), stated in Cubic
                 Meters per kilogram-mol at temperature TL and
                 obtained by linear interpolation of the data set
                 forth in Table 2 attached hereto;

           Xm    is the mol fraction, to the nearest fourth (4th)
                 decimal place, of methane from the composition
                 obtained in accordance with Section V hereof; and

           C     is the volume correction, to the nearest sixth
                 (6th) decimal place, stated in Cubic Meters per
                 kilogram-mol at temperature TL and obtained by
                 linear interpolation of the data set forth in
                 Table 3 attached hereto.

        An example of an LNG density calculation is shown in Table
        4 attached hereto.

VI.2    Calculation of Gross Heating Value

        VI.2.1   The Gross Heating Value (mass basis) of LNG shall
                 be calculated by use of the formula:

                                            Xi x Mi    
                           P =   E  Hi x ____________
 
                                          E (Xi x Mi)
                    
                 where:

                   P       is the Gross Heating Value of LNG,
                           stated in BTU's per kilogram;

                   Hi      is the Gross Heating Value of component
                           (i), stated in BTU's per kilogram as set
                           forth in Table 1 attached hereto;

                   Xi      is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of component
                           (i) from the composition obtained
                           pursuant to Section V hereof; and

                   Mi      is the molecular weight of component (i)
                           as set forth in Table 1 attached hereto.

                 An example of a Gross Heating Value (mass basis)
                 calculation is shown in Table 5 attached hereto.

        VI.2.2     The Gross  Heating  Value  (volume basis)  for
                   purposes of Subarticle 11.1 of the Contract
                   shall be calculated by use of the formula:

                           Hv =   E (Xi x Hvi)

                 where:

                   Hv      is the Gross Heating Value, stated in
                           BTU's per Standard Cubic Foot;

                   Xi      is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of component
                           (i) from the composition obtained
                           pursuant to Section V hereof; and

                   Hvi     is the Gross Heating Value of component
                           (i), stated in BTU's per Standard Cubic
                           Foot, as set forth in Table 1 attached
                           hereto.

                   An example of a Gross Heating Value (volume
                   basis) calculation is shown in Table 6 attached
                   hereto.

VI.3    Calculation of BTU Quantity of LNG Delivered

        The BTU quantity of LNG sold shall be computed by use of the
        formula:

                 Q = V x D x P

        where:

           Q     is the BTU quantity sold;

           V     is the volume of the LNG loaded, stated in Cubic
                 Meters, obtained pursuant to Section IV.5 hereof;

           D     is the density of the LNG, stated in kilograms per
                 Cubic Meter, as calculated in accordance with
                 Section VI.1 hereof; and

           P     is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG, stated in
                 BTU's per kilogram, as calculated in accordance
                 with Section VI.2.1 hereof.

 VI.4   Method of Rounding Numbers

        VI.4.1   General -
                 If the first of the figures to be discarded is
                 five (5) or more, the last of the figures to be
                 retained is increased by one (1).

                 If the first of the figures to be discarded is
                 four (4) or less, the last of the figures to be
                 retained is unaltered.

                 For the purpose of rounding to a zero (0), the
                 last of the figures to be retained shall have the
                 same value as a ten (10).

                 The following example is given to illustrate how a
                 number is to be established in accordance with the
                 above:

                                        Number after being
                                        rounded to first
                 Number to be rounded   decimal place  

                       2.24                     2.2
                       2.249                    2.2
                       2.25                     2.3
                       2.35                     2.4
                       2.97                     3.0

        VI.4.2   Determination of BTU Quantity of LNG delivered -
                 The BTU quantity of LNG delivered is computed by
                 the use of the formula:

                   Q = V x D x P

                 where:

                   Q       is the BTU quantity delivered.  The BTU
                           quantity shall be rounded to the nearest
                           ten (10) million BTU's;

                   V       is the volume of the LNG loaded, stated
                           in Cubic Meters.  The volume shall be
                           rounded to the nearest Cubic Meter;

                   D       is the density of the LNG, stated in
                           kilograms per Cubic Meter at temperature
                           TL.  The density shall be rounded to the
                           nearest tenth (0.1) of a kg/m3;

                   TL      is the temperature of the LNG in the
                           tanks of the LNG Tanker after loading,
                           stated in degrees Centigrade to the
                           nearest tenth (0.1) degree C; and

                   P       is the Gross Heating Value of the LNG,
                           stated in BTU's per kilogram.  The Gross
                           Heating Value shall be rounded to the
                           nearest BTU/kg.

        VI.4.3   Determination of LNG Density -

                 The density of the LNG is calculated by use of the
                 formula:

                                 E(Xi x Mi)     
                      D =   ___________________
                            E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C

                   where:

                   D       is the density of the LNG, stated in
                           kilograms per Cubic Meter at temperature
                           TL.  The density shall be rounded to the
                           nearest tenth (0.1) of a kg/m3;


                   TL is the temperature of the LNG in the tanks of
                      the LNG Tanker after loading, stated in
                      degrees Centigrade to the nearest tenth (0.1)
                      degree C;

                      Xi   is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of component
                           (i) from the composition obtained in
                           accordance with Section V hereof.  The
                           mol fraction of methane shall be
                           adjusted so as to make the total mol
                           fraction equal to 1.0000;

                      Mi   is the molecular weight of component (i)
                           as set forth in Table 1 attached hereto;

                      E(Xi x Mi):

                           The  result  of   the  calculation  of
                           "Xi x Mi" of component (i) shall be
                           rounded to the nearest third (3rd)
                           decimal place, and then, "E(Xi x Mi)"
                           shall be calculated to the nearest third
                           (3rd) decimal place;

                      Vi   is the molar volume, to the nearest
                           sixth (6th) decimal place, of component
                           (i), stated in Cubic Meters per
                           kilogram-mol at temperature TL, and
                           shall be obtained by linear
                           interpolation of the data set forth in
                           Table 2 attached hereto;

                      E(Xi x Vi):

                           The   result  of  the  calculation  of
                           "Xi x Vi" of component (i) shall be
                           rounded to the nearest sixth (6th)
                           decimal place, and then "E(Xi x Vi)"
                           shall be calculated to the nearest sixth
                           (6th) decimal place;

                      Xm   is the mol fraction, to the nearest
                           fourth (4th) decimal place, of methane
                           from the composition obtained in
                           accordance with Section V hereof;

                      C    is the volume correction, to the nearest
                           sixth (6th) decimal place, stated in
                           Cubic Meters per kilogram-mol at
                           temperature TL, and shall be obtained by
                           linear interpolation of the data set
                           forth in Table 3 attached hereto;

                      Xm x C:

                           "Xm x C" shall be calculated to the
                           nearest sixth (6th) decimal place; and

                      E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C:

                           "E(Xi x Vi) - Xm x C" shall be
                           calculated to the nearest sixth (6th)
                           decimal place.

        VI.4.4     Determination of Gross Heating Value

                   VI.4.4.1   The Gross Heating Value (mass
                              basis) of the LNG is calculated by
                              use of the formula:

                                                 Xi x Mi   
                                 P = E   Hi  x ___________
                                               E(Xi x Mi)

                             where:

                               P    is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    the LNG, stated in BTU's per
                                    kilogram.  Each term of the
                                    above equation shall first be
                                    calculated and rounded to the
                                    nearest BTU/kg, and then all
                                    terms shall be summed to obtain
                                    the Gross Heating Value "P";

                               Hi   is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    component (i), stated in BTU's
                                    per kilogram, as set forth in
                                    Table 1 attached hereto;

                               Xi   is the mol fraction, to the
                                    nearest fourth (4th) decimal
                                    place, of component (i) from
                                    the composition obtained in
                                    accordance with Section V
                                    hereof;

                               Mi   is the molecular weight of
                                    component (i) as set forth in
                                    Table 1 attached hereto;

                               Xi x Mi:

                                    "Xi x Mi" of component (i)
                                    shall be calculated to the
                                    nearest third (3rd) decimal
                                    place;

                               E(Xi x Mi):

                                    "E(Xi x Mi)" shall be
                                    calculated to the nearest third
                                    (3rd) decimal place by summing
                                    all "Xi x Mi" obtained as
                                    above;

                                   Xi x Mi    
                                 __________ :
                                 E(Xi x Mi)

                                         Xi x Mi     
                                    "  __________ "   shall be
                                       E(Xi x Mi)
                                    calculated for component (i) to
                                    the nearest fifth (5th) decimal 
                                     place  by  dividing " Xi x Mi"
                                    by " E(Xi x Mi)";

                                       Xi x Mi     
                               Hi x  __________  :
                                     E(Xi x Mi)

                                             Xi x Mi       
                                    "Hi x __________ "  shall
                                          E (Xi x Mi)
                                    be calculated for component (i)
                                    to the nearest whole number by
                                    multiplying "Hi" by

                                         Xi x Mi    
                                    " __________ " ; and 
                                      E (Xi x Mi)
                                    
                                    
                                         Xi x Mi    
                               E   Hi x _________   :
                                        E(Xi x Mi)


                                              Xi  x  Mi   
                                                               
                                 " E   Hi x  __________ "   
                                              E(Xi x Mi)

                                    shall be calculated to the
                                    nearest whole number by summing
                                    all 

                                    "         Xi x Mi  "
                                      Hi x  _________
                                            E(Xi x Mi)

                                    obtained as above.


                   VI.4.4.2    The  Gross  Heating  Value (volume
                               basis) of the LNG shall be
                               calculated by use of the formula:

                               Hv =  E(Xi x Hvi)

                             where:


                               Hv   is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    LNG, stated in BTU's per
                                    Standard Cubic Foot.  Each term
                                    of the above equation shall
                                    first be calculated and rounded
                                    to the nearest tenth (0.1) of a
                                    BTU/scf, and then all terms
                                    shall be summed and rounded to
                                    the nearest BTU/scf to obtain
                                    the Gross Heating Value "Hv";

                               Xi   is the mol fraction, to the
                                    nearest fourth (4th) decimal
                                    place, of component (i) from
                                    the composition obtained
                                    pursuant to Section V hereof;
                                    and 

                               Hvi  is the Gross Heating Value of
                                    component (i), stated in BTU's
                                    per Standard Cubic Foot, as set
                                    forth in Table 1 attached
                                    hereto.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>                           TABLE 1

                                  PHYSICAL CONSTANTS

<CAPTION>
                                       Gross Heating   Gross Heating
                           Molecular   Value (BTU/kg)  Value (BTU/scf)
                             Weight       at 60oF,        at 60oF
 Component                     Mi            Hi             Hvi      
 
 
 <S>                         <C>           <C>             <C>
 
 Methane (CH )               16.043        52671           1010.0
            4
 
 Ethane (C H )               30.070        49236           1769.6
          2 6
 
 Propane (C H )              44.097        47737           2516.1
           3 8
 
 Iso-butane (i-C H  )        58.123        46809           3251.9
                4 10 
 
 Normal Butane (n-C H  )     58.123        46959           3262.3
                   4 10
 
 Iso-pentane (i-C H  )       72.150        46392           4000.9
                 5 12
 
 Normal Pentane (n-C H  )    72.150        46485           4008.9
                    5 12 
 
 Normal Hexane (n-C H  )     86.177        46172           4755.9
                   6 14 
 
 Nitrogen (N )               28.013            0              0
            2
 
 Oxygen (O )                 31.999            0              0
          2
 
 Carbon Dioxide (CO )        44.010            0              0
                   2
 
 
 
 The above table of Physical Constants, developed from GPA Publication 2145-88, shall be
used for
 all density and heating value calculations associated with this Contract.  This table of
Physical
 Constants shall be revised to conform to any subsequent officially published revision of GPA
 Publication 2145.  The values for the Gross Heating Value in BTU/kg as shown above have
been
 obtained by multiplying the GPA 2145 values for "BTU/lbm fuel as ideal gas" from GPA
2145 by
 2.20462.
 </TABLE>
  <PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   TABLE 2
                                 MOLAR VOLUMES OF INDIVIDUAL COMPONENTS
 <CAPTION>
 
             Molar Volumes (m3/kg-mol) at Various Temperatures x 103
             ______________________________________________________
               -162oC        -160oC        -158oC      -156oC
              _______        ______        ______      ______
  
 <S>         <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>
 
 CH           37.95          38.21       38.48       38.76
   4
 
 C H          47.84          48.00       48.16       48.33
  2 6
 
 C H          62.34          62.52       62.70       62.89
  3 8
 
 i-C H        76.90          77.11       77.33       77.54
    4 10
 
 n-C H        76.63          76.82       77.01       77.20
    4 10
 
 i-C H        90.92          91.13       91.35       91.56
    5 12
 
 n-C H        90.26          90.47       90.67       90.88
    5 12
 
 n-C H       104.67         104.89      105.11      105.34
    6 14
 
 N            45.64          46.83       48.11       49.47
  2
 
 O            31.14          31.51       31.90       32.30
  2
 
 CO           29.73          29.83       29.93       30.03
   2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Reference :                Density calculations and method from Proceedings of the First
International
                             Conference of LNG, April 1968, Paper No. 22, Densities of
Liquefied Natural Gas
                             and of Low Molecular Weight Hydrocarbons, J. Klosek and C.
McKinley.
 
  Note:      Molar volumes for CO2 were developed by mutual agreement between Buyer and
              Seller.
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                     TABLE 3
                               CORRECTION C FOR VOLUME REDUCTION OF MIXTURE
 <CAPTION>
 
     Molecular
        Weight       C (m /kg-mol) at Various Temperatures x 10 3
     of Mixture      ___________________________________________
                              o          o           o           o
      E(Xi x Mi)     -162 C       -160 C      -158 C      -156 C
       _______       ______       ______      ______      ______
 
 <S>                 <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
     17.00            0.240        0.240       0.250       0.260
     17.50            0.360        0.370       0.380       0.390
     18.00            0.470        0.490       0.500       0.520
     18.50            0.580        0.600       0.620       0.640
     19.00            0.690        0.710       0.730       0.750
     19.50            0.790        0.810       0.840       0.860
     20.00            0.890        0.910       0.940       0.970
 
 
 
 Reference :         Density calculations and method from Proceedings of the First
International
                      Conference of LNG, April 1968, Paper No. 22, Densities of Liquefied
Natural Gas
                      and of Low Molecular Weight Hydrocarbons, J. Klosek and C. McKinley.
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                           TABLE 4
                                 EXAMPLE OF LNG DENSITY CALCULATION
 
 <CAPTION>
                                             Molar Volume       
            Mol       Molecular              Vi x 103
          Fraction     Weight                (m3/kg-mol) 
                                             at TL-158.9oC                    
            Xi           Mi   Xi x Mi        Vi             (Xi x Vi)x103
         
 <S>      <C>       <C>       <C>            <C>            <C>
 CH       0.9128    16.043    14.644         38.359         35.014
   4
 
 C H      0.0539    30.070     1.621         48.088          2.592
  2 6    
 
 C H      0.0241    44.097     1.063         62.619          1.509
  3 8      
 
 i-C H     0.0043   58.123     0.250         77.231          0.332
    4 10    
 
 n-C H    0.0044    58.123     0.256         76.925          0.338
    4 10
 
 i-C H    0.0001    72.150     0.007         91.251          0.009
    5 12  
 
 N2        0.0004   28.013     0.011         47.534         0.019
         _______              ______                       _______
 
 
 Total    1.0000              17.852                        39.813
 
 
 
 
 
 
     Average Molecular Weight = 17.852
 
     Average Molar Volume = 39.813
 
 
                    -3       
      C = 0.460 x 10  
 
                                  17.852               
              D = ________________________________________
                              -3                      -3
                   39.813 x 10   - 0.9128 x 0.460 x 10  
 
 
                              17.852          
                =  _______________________________
                              -3             -3
                   39.813 x 10   - 0.420 x 10  
 
 
                                3
                =  0.453177 x 10
 
 
                             3
              D =  453.2 kg/m
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                               TABLE 5
 
                       EXAMPLE OF GROSS HEATING VALUE (MASS BASIS)
CALCULATION
 <CAPTION>
 
                                                                         Gross
 
            Mol      Heating Value    Molecular         Heating Value 
 
           Fraction  (BTU/kg)        Weight                                     
                                                        Hi x Xi x Mi   *
                                                  
             Xi        Hi             Mi        (Xi x Mi)          E(Xi x Mi)
         _______   ______         _______       _________         ___________
 <S>      <C>       <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
 
 CH       0.9128    52671          16.043         14.644         43206
   4
 
 C H      0.0539    49236          30.070          1.621          4471
  2 6    
 
 C H      0.0241    47737          44.097          1.063          2843
  3 8   
 
 i-C H    0.0043    46809          58.123          0.250           655
    4 10   
 
 n-C H    0.0044    46959          58.123          0.256           673
    4 10   
 
 i-C H    0.0001    46392          72.150          0.007            18
    5 12   
 
 N2       0.0004        0          28.013          0.011
 
 
 Total    1.0000                   17.852                        51866
 
 
     * Rounded to the fifth (5th) decimal place
 
     P = 51866 BTU/kg
 
  /TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                           TABLE 6
 
 
                      EXAMPLE OF GROSS HEATING VALUE (VOLUME BASIS)
CALCULATION
 
 <CAPTION>
                                                 
                                    
 Component         Mol Fraction       Gross Heating   
                                           Value, Hvi            
                                        (BTU/scf)
                         Xi                    Hvi      (Xi x Hvi)
 
 <S>               <C>              <C>               <C>
 CH                0.9128           1010.0            921.9
   4
 
 C H               0.0539           1769.6             95.4
  2 6
 
 C H               0.0241           2516.1             60.6
  3 8
 
 i-C H             0.0043           3251.9             14.0
    4 10     
 
 n-C H             0.0044           3262.3             14.4
    4 10  
 
 i-C H             0.0001           4000.9              0.4
    5 12
 
 N                 0.0004              0                  0
  2
 
                                                                
 Total             1.0000                             1106.7  
                                                                 
                                                                 
 
                   Hv = 1107 BTU/scf
 
 </TABLE>
 
 
 
 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32
<SEQUENCE>19
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLY AGMT. FOR NATURAL GAS TO BADAK IV LNG
<TEXT>



                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT

                                    for

                                NATURAL GAS

                                    to

                        BADAK IV LNG SALES CONTRACT

                          Dated: 12th August 1991
                       Effective: 23rd October 1990


                                 PERTAMINA


                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                                    and
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY

                                     

                        BADAK IV LNG SALES CONTRACT
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT


     THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the
12th day of August, 1991, but effective as of the 23rd day of
October, 1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA
INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., ULTRAMAR
INDONESIA LIMITED, UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE
GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein
referred to collectively as "Contractors" and individually as
"Contractor"), on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH

     WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but effective as
of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is herein
referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production  Sharing
Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract dated April
23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such contract as
hereafter amended is herein referred to as the  "Renewed Production
Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing Contract are herein
referred to collectively as the "Production Sharing Contracts" and
the area covered thereby is herein referred to as the "VICO
Contract Area"; and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts, each of
PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell and
freely export its respective share of the natural gas produced and
saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage share of such
natural gas to which each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled,
as determined under the Production Sharing Contracts, is herein
referred to as the "Production  Sharing Percentage" of such party);
and 

     WHEREAS, the reserves of natural gas in the VICO Contract Area
exceed the reserves committed to be produced, supplied and
delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to meet a portion of
PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales contracts, LPG
sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts; and 

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors, is
constructing one additional liquefaction train at the natural gas
liquefaction plant located at Bontang Bay, on the east coast of
Kalimantan, Indonesia (as so expanded, the "Bontang Plant") which
expansion will include construction of such additional port,
utility, plant and other facilities as may be required; and

     WHEREAS, funds for the expansion of the liquefaction plant
will be provided to PERTAMINA through financing of the cost of such
expansion on terms mutually agreeable to PERTAMINA and Contractors
which provide for the repayment of funds provided pursuant to such
financing and the cost of such funds (repayment of funds and the
cost of such funds are hereinafter referred to as "Financing
Costs"); and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the Amended
and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of February 9,
1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing Agreement"),
which provides for the operation of the Bontang Plant and the
payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as determined in
accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein referred to as
"Plant Operating Costs"); and 

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas
(as hereinafter defined in Section 2.2) and the Other Contract Gas
(as hereinafter defined in Section 2.3); and

     WHEREAS, it is contemplated that additional LNG resulting from
the increased capability of the Bontang Plant will be sold on the
basis of the highest price and most favorable terms available for
such LNG; and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors and its
production sharing contractors in the other contract areas in  East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract  Areas") has
made arrangements for the sale and supply to Osaka Gas Co., Ltd.,
Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd. (collectively "Buyers"
and individually "Buyer"), pursuant to the Badak IV LNG Sales
Contract dated as of October 23, 1990 (the "Badak IV LNG Sales
Contract"), of LNG produced from natural gas supplied from the VICO
Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas; and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver natural gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of the
performance by PERTAMINA of its obligations under the Badak IV LNG
Sales Contract; and

     WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its Production
Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as hereinafter
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement,

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

                                 ARTICLE 1

     This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of the 23rd day of
October, 1990 and shall terminate on the date the Badak IV LNG
Sales Contract terminates.

                                 ARTICLE 2

     2.1  The total quantity of net natural gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of proved recoverable reserves of
natural gas in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as LNG
under the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract is estimated to be 2.0538
trillion standard cubic feet ("t.s.c.f."): such quantity is herein
referred to as the "Badak IV Base Net Gas Requirement".  The Badak
IV Base Net Gas Requirement is based on the "Fixed Quantities" of
LNG which Buyers are initially committed to purchase under the
Badak IV LNG Sales Contract.  In addition to such Fixed Quantities,
further quantities of LNG may be required under the Badak IV LNG
Sales Contract in respect of LNG which Buyers have options to
purchase.  The additional quantities of net natural gas, estimated
not to exceed 0.3717 t.s.c.f., required to be supplied for
liquefaction and sale as LNG are herein called the "Badak IV
Additional Net Gas Requirement". "Fixed Quantities", as used above,
shall have the meaning defined in the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract.
     2.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from proved recoverable reserves of natural gas
in specific fields within the VICO Contract Area sufficient natural
gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof) to meet a
portion of the Badak IV Base Net Gas Requirement and the Badak IV
Additional Net Gas Requirement over the term of this Supply
Agreement consisting of 0.6063 t.s.c.f., or 25.000% thereof,
subject to adjustment provided in Section 2.4.  Such  quantities of
net natural gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply
Agreement are herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and
the above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the
"Producers' Percentage".  The specific fields from which VICO
Contract Gas will be committed, as well as the quantities committed
from each field, will be identified in a supplemental memorandum to
be entered into among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas (the "Supplemental
Memorandum").

     2.3  To meet the balance of the Badak IV Base Net Gas
Requirement and the Badak IV Additional Net Gas Requirement
constituting 1.8192 t.s.c.f., or 75.000% thereof, subject to
adjustment as provided in Section 2.4, sufficient natural gas (and
LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof) will be committed for
supply and delivery by PERTAMINA and its production sharing
contractors from proved recoverable reserves of natural gas in
specific fields within the Other Contract Areas by separate supply
agreements, similar hereto and compatible herewith, executed and
delivered concurrently herewith (such amounts are herein
collectively referred to as the "Other Contract Gas").  The
specific fields from which the Other Contract Gas will be
committed, as well as the quantities committed from each field,
will be identified in the Supplemental Memorandum.

     2.4  The amounts of net natural gas constituting the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates 
of proved recoverable reserves of natural gas to be certified by
the independent petroleum consultant firm of DeGolyer and
MacNaughton in written statements based on data available on
December 31, 1991.  

     The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas and the Producers' Percentage set forth in Sections
2.2 and 2.3 were established by PERTAMINA in its letter dated
December 20, 1989 (No. 1852/D0000/89.S1) to be used only on a
provisional basis until such time as DeGolyer and MacNaughton
certify such reserves, following which the identity of the
participating fields and the quantities in each field which
comprise the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the
Producers' Percentage shall be adjusted and documented in the
Supplemental Memorandum in accordance with the Memorandum of
Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and Package IV Sales, of even
date herewith, by and among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas.

     2.5  Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 2.4, but not later than the date of loading the initial
cargo of LNG for delivery under the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract,
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall execute an addendum to this Supply
Agreement confirming the VICO participating fields, the  quantities
in each field which comprise the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas and the Producers' Percentage.

                                 ARTICLE 3

     The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to
secure the optimal ultimate recovery of natural gas.  The supply of
natural gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract
Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve and permit
full utilization of such natural gas.  The sources of supply,
producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related matters shall
be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee, consisting of representatives from PERTAMINA, VICO,
Total Indonesie and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.

                                 ARTICLE 4

     4.1  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and prompt
administration of the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract for the benefit
of PERTAMINA and Contractors.  All matters which affect the Badak
IV LNG Sales Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder
will be administered by a representative to be appointed by
PERTAMINA and the representative appointed by Contractors under
Article 8.  It is understood, however, that it will be necessary
from time to time for PERTAMINA, as seller, to take certain
administrative and operational actions without prior consultation
where immediate action is required.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of such action.

     4.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the Badak IV LNG Sales
Contract.  PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to
any amendment to the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract or to any
permitted action or election thereunder which constitutes a
material adjustment in the quantities of LNG to be sold and
delivered thereunder or change in the terms thereof.  At the
request of any party hereto, a memorandum evidencing such agreement
shall be prepared as soon as feasible and signed by each party
hereto.  

                                 ARTICLE 5

     5.1  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas to
be delivered to Buyer at the "Delivery Point" as defined in the
Badak IV LNG Sales Contract.  Title to each Contractor's share of
LNG extracted from the VICO Contract Gas shall pass to PERTAMINA eo
instante with the passage of title from PERTAMINA to each Buyer.

     5.2  At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG to a Buyer
at the Delivery Point, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and quality
thereof, together with copies of the invoices to such Buyer
covering such shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish to Contractors
a copy of each invoice or billing delivered to a Buyer on account
of (a) take-or-pay, (b) interest or (c) other  payment obligation
of Buyers under the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract, concurrently with
its being furnished to such Buyer.  Calculation of the "Contract
Sales Price" under the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract, the amount of
sales invoices and other billings to Buyers, and any adjustments, 
shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior
to presentation to Buyers.

                                 ARTICLE 6

     6.1  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of natural gas to be
supplied under this Supply Agreement shall be its Production
Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the sum of:
          (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyers to PERTAMINA for
          LNG sold and delivered under the Badak IV LNG Sales
          Contract;

          (b)  all other amounts which a Buyer shall become
          obligated to pay pursuant to the Badak IV LNG Sales
          Contract including, without limitation:

               (i)  amounts payable on account of LNG required to
               be taken but which is not taken by such Buyer; 

               (ii) any incremental payments applicable to make-up
               deliveries; and

               (iii)     any interest accruing on overdue invoice
               payments;

          (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
          resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas
          and the Other Contract Gas; and

          (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
          this Section 6.1.

     6.2  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of
the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section
6.1, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor that Contractor's
Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of all
amounts referred to in Section 6.1.

     6.3  Throughout the term of this Supply Agreement, all
payments referred to in Section 6.1 shall be paid in U.S. Dollars,
directly to Continental Bank International in New York City (or
such other leading bank in the United States as shall be selected
by PERTAMINA and approved by Contractors) pursuant to a Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement, the parties to which shall be PERTAMINA,
Contractors, the production sharing contractors in the Other
Contract Areas and the Trustee thereunder.  The said Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement shall provide that amounts received by the
Trustee shall be used for payment of Financing Costs, Plant
Operating Costs and other costs approved by PERTAMINA and
Contractors.  Amounts received by the Trustee, to  the extent that
they are not used for payment of the costs referred to in the
preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable to the
VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to PERTAMINA and each Contractor in
accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage at a bank or
banks of its choice.  

     6.4  (a)  The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 6 shall extend throughout the term of this
Supply Agreement and shall not, except in the event of an
occurrence contemplated in Section 6.4(d), be affected by the
production rates or sources of natural gas supplied from the VICO
Contract Gas or the Other Contract Gas from time to time during the
term hereof.

          (b)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and
delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement exceed in the aggregate
the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas,  the Producers' Percentage
(and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to PERTAMINA and
Contractors hereunder) will not be increased, except in the event
of an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.4(d), and Contractors,
together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with and have the right
to receive revenue from future marketing opportunities in respect
of a quantity of net natural gas from reserves in the Other
Contract Areas equal to such excess quantities.

     (c)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from the
participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and delivered
pursuant to this Supply Agreement are in the aggregate less than
the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the Producers' Percentage
(and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to PERTAMINA and
Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced, except in the event of
an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.4(d), and production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and any new
contract area, together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with and
have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net natural gas from
reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess quantities
delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area.

     (d)  If an insufficiency of deliverable reserves of natural
gas shall occur which precludes the delivery from participating
field(s) within the VICO Contract Area or from participating
field(s) within any of the Other Contract Areas of the aggregate
amount of natural gas committed therefrom pursuant to this Supply
Agreement or to any of the supply agreements referred to in Section
2.3 over the term thereof, then such insufficiency shall be
delivered from field(s), including but not limited to the
participating field(s) within the area(s) not then experiencing an
insufficiency of deliverable reserves, and the Producers'
Percentage  shall thereupon be adjusted (together with a
corresponding adjustment to the VICO Contract Gas) to reflect the
revised share of the net natural gas in support of PERTAMINA's
obligations under the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract which will be
supplied and delivered from the VICO Contract Area over the term
hereof, such adjustment in the Producers' Percentage to apply only
to payments provided for in this Article 6 received after the date
thereof.  The procedure for determining (a) an insufficiency in
deliverable reserves, (b) the allocation of the right to supply
such insufficiency among the VICO Contract Area, the Other Contract
Areas and any new contract area and (c) the calculation of the
future Producers' Percentage, shall be made in accordance with
principles to be decided upon by PERTAMINA.  

                                        ARTICLE 7

     All disputes arising in connection with this Supply Agreement
shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in the English
language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the Rules of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment
upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for a
juridical acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement, as
the case may be.  
     This Supply Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
America.  

                                 ARTICLE 8

     VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 and for the giving of notices, responses or other
communications to and from Contractors under this Supply Agreement. 
Such representative may be changed by written notice to such effect
from Contractors to PERTAMINA.

                                 ARTICLE 9

     Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail or telex to the following addresses:

     To PERTAMINA:

     PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
     (PERTAMINA)
     Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
     Jakarta, Indonesia 
     Attention:  Head of BPPKA

     Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
     Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
     Telecopy:  343882


     To Contractors:

     VICO INDONESIA
     6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
     South Tower
     JL. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
     P.O. Box 2828
     Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
     Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia

     Cable:  VICO
     Telex:  79644421
     Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037

cc:   VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                             One Houston Center
                             1221 McKinney
                             Suite 624
                             P.O. Box 1551
                             Houston, Texas 77251-1551
                             U.S.A.
                             Attention:  Chairman

                             Telex:  166-100
                             Telecopy:  (713) 754-6698


A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.

                                ARTICLE 10

      10.1     This Supply Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

      10.2     This Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be
binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Supply Agreement shall
be assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contract.

      10.3      The parties to this Supply Agreement shall be the only
persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder
of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not parties
to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to enforce any of the
obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused their
duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply Agreement on
the day and year first written above, but effective as of October
23, 1990.


PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK    Contractors:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)   VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



BY _________/s/________________        BY _______/s/___________

                                       
                                       OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.



                                       BY _______/s/___________

                                       
                                       ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED



                                       BY _______/s/_____________


                                       UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                        LIMITED



                                       BY _______/s/______________


                                       UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.



                                       BY _______/s/______________


                                       VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY 



                                       BY _______/s/_________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>20
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG II TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGMT.
<TEXT>










                                BONTANG II

                    TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT

                 Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991

                                   among

            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                (PERTAMINA)

                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY

                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED

                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED

                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.

                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.

                              TOTAL INDONESIE

                          UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.

                         INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.

                                    and

                      CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL






                                BONTANG II
                    TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT
                 Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991

          THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the 15th day of July, 1991
among PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
("Pertamina"); and VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY ("Vico"), VIRGINIA
INTERNATIONAL COMPANY ("Virginia International"), UNION TEXAS
EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED ("Union Texas"), ULTRAMAR INDONESIA
LIMITED ("Ultramar"), OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC. ("Opicoil Houston"),
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. ("Universe"), TOTAL INDONESIE
("Total"), UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD. ("Unocal"), INDONESIA
PETROLEUM, LTD. ("Inpex"); and CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL
(the "Bontang II Trustee"), a banking corporation organized under
the laws of the United States of America not in its individual
capacity but solely as Trustee and Paying Agent;
                           W I T N E S S E T H:
                                    I.
          WHEREAS, the parties hereto or their respective
predecessors in interest are parties to that certain Badak
Expansion Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated as of the 15th
day of July, 1981, as amended by (i) Amendment No. 1 dated as of
September 10, 1986; (ii) Amendment No. 2 dated as of June 9,
1987; and (iii) Amendment No. 3 dated as of February 9, 1988
(said Agreement and Amendments being herein collectively called
the "Source Documents"); and

                                    II.
          WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restate the
Source Documents in order to provide a more convenient statement
thereof, to amend various provisions and to reflect that Universe
has succeeded to the interests of Universe Tankships, Inc.
thereunder and Opicoil Houston, Inc. now holds the interests
thereunder formerly held by Roy M. Huffington, Inc. and
Huffington Corporation; and
                                   III.
          WHEREAS, Pertamina entered into the Badak LNG Sales
Contract originally dated as of April 14, 1981, between Pertamina
and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power
Co., Inc., Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd. (together
with their respective successors and assigns thereunder, the
"Buyers") relating to the sale of liquefied natural gas ("LNG"),
to be manufactured from natural gas produced from the Badak,
Nilam and certain other nearby fields in East Kalimantan,
Indonesia (the "Gas Fields");
                                    IV.
          WHEREAS, pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement dated as
of September 7, 1989, Pertamina and the Buyers agreed to make
certain changes to said Badak LNG Sales Contract and to give
effect thereto Pertamina and the Buyers have entered into an
amendment and restatement of the said Badak LNG Sales Contract as
of January 1, 1990 (such contract as so amended and restated, as
the same may be hereafter amended, being herein referred to as
the "1981 LNG Sales Contract"); and


                                    V.
          WHEREAS, under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract the  Buyers
and Pertamina have agreed that each of the Buyers shall pay
amounts due under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract to a bank in the
United States designated by Pertamina; and
                                    VI.
          WHEREAS, under the following supply agreements:
     (i)  Supply Agreement for Badak LNG Expansion Project dated
as of April 14, 1981, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and the
members of the Vico Group, on the other;
     (ii) Supply Agreement for Badak LNG Expansion Project dated
as of April 14, 1981 between Pertamina, on the one hand, and
Total and Inpex, on the other; 
     (iii)     Attaka Natural Gas Supply Agreement for Badak LNG
Expansion Project dated as of April 14, 1981 between Pertamina,
on the one hand, and Unocal and Inpex, on the other;
     (iv) Seventh Supply Agreement For Excess Sales dated as of
January 1, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and the
members of the Vico Group, on the other;
     (v)  Seventh Supply Agreement For Excess Sales dated as of
January 1, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Total
and Inpex, on the other; and 
     (vi) Seventh Supply Agreement For Excess Sales dated as of
January 1, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal
and Inpex, on the other; each of the Contractors has agreed to
make available, for sale and delivery by Pertamina under the 1981
LNG Sales Contract, such Contractor's production sharing
percentage(s) of the LNG manufactured from gas produced from the
Gas Fields and delivered to the Buyers under the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract from time to time; Pertamina has assigned to each
Contractor such Contractor's Sharing Percentages of all amounts
paid or payable by the Buyers under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract
other than amounts payable by Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd.
("Jilco") which are set off against amounts to be refunded or
paid by Pertamina as described in Section 7.1(a); and Pertamina
and the Contractors have agreed that all payments made by Buyers
shall be remitted directly to a bank in the United States
selected by Pertamina and the Contractors which will serve as
Trustee and Paying Agent for the purpose of causing the due
payment in an orderly administrative manner of certain costs and
expenses of Pertamina and of each Contractor incurred in the
processing and sale of the LNG of each such party; and
                                   VII.
          WHEREAS, under an Assignment dated as of June 10, 1981
(the "Assignment"), the Buyers have assigned to Jilco their
rights to purchase a portion of the LNG to be delivered under the
1981 LNG Sales Contract and Jilco has accepted such assignment
and agreed to assume the Buyers' obligation to pay for, or pay
for if not taken, the LNG assigned to it in accordance with the
terms of the 1981 LNG Sales Contract; and
                                   VIII.
          WHEREAS, under the Assignment and an LNG Facility
Development Agreement dated as of June 10, 1981 (the "Development
Agreement") between Pertamina and Jilco, Pertamina and Jilco have
agreed that Jilco shall make payment for the LNG purchased by it
pursuant to the Assignment either (i) by way of set-off against
certain amounts to be refunded or paid by Pertamina to Jilco
under the Development Agreement, (ii) by payment to the Payment
Trustee (the "Payment Trustee") acting pursuant to the Payments
Account Agreement dated as of June 10, 1981 (the "Payments
Account Agreement") among Pertamina, Jilco and The Industrial
Bank of Japan Trust Company, or (iii) by payment to the Trustee
and Paying Agent acting under this Agreement;
                                    IX.
          WHEREAS, under the Payments Account Agreement, the
Payment Trustee is required from time to time to make payments to
the Trustee and Paying Agent in respect of payments received by
the Payment Trustee from Jilco of sales proceeds under the 1981
LNG Sales Contract and the Assignment; and
                                    X.
          WHEREAS, Pertamina and the Contractors have entered
into the Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated
as of February 9, 1988 (as from time to time amended, the
"Processing Agreement") providing for P. T. Badak Natural Gas
Liquefaction Company (the "Liquefaction Company") to collect and
liquefy natural gas from (inter alia) the Gas Fields, and store
and deliver LNG to LNG tankers for delivery under the 1981 LNG
Sales Contract; and
                                    XI.
          WHEREAS, Pertamina and Continental Bank International,
among others, have previously entered into various other
agreements similar to this Agreement, including such agreements
to which Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("Mobil") is a party, providing
for the receipt and distribution of proceeds of the sale of LNG
and LPG (the agreements referred to above, and any other similar
future agreements, as amended, being hereinafter referred to
collectively  as the  "Other Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreements"); and
<PAGE>
                                   XII.
          WHEREAS, Pertamina, the Contractors, and the Bontang II
Trustee wish to set forth arrangements whereby amounts paid under
the 1981 LNG Sales Contract (whether from the Buyers, from Jilco
pursuant to the Assignment or from the Payment Trustee pursuant
to the Assignment and the Payments Account Agreement) and certain
amounts paid by Jilco under the Development Agreement will be
received, held, managed and disbursed by the Bontang II Trustee
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
          NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual 
agreements  contained herein, the parties hereto agree as
follows:
                                DEFINITIONS
          The following defined terms shall have the meanings set
          forth below:
          "Accountants" is defined in Section 6.3.
          "Additional Quantities Payment" means an amount  in 
          respect  of  any  Buyer
          LNG Invoice determined by the following formula:
          Additional Quantities Payment = FQA x AQ% x CSP, where:
          FQA = the Fixed Quantity Amount specified on such
     invoice;
          AQ% = the Additional Quantities Percentage applicable
          to such invoice; and
          CSP = the Contract Sales Price (expressed in U.S.
          Dollars per MMBTU) specified on such invoice.
          "Additional Quantities Percentage" means, with respect
to any Buyer LNG Invoice or any invoice or other statement for
charges payable hereunder, the percentage set forth below for the
calendar year which (subject to Section 1.1(c)) corresponds to
the date of such invoice or statement:
                             Additional
               Year      Quantities Percentage

               1991           4.8573%
               1992           6.3732
               1993           7.8416
               1994-2003      9.2647

          "Additional Quantities Sharing Percentages" is defined
in Section 6.1.
          "Additional Quantities Supply Agreements" means the
Supply Agreements, as hereafter amended, specified in paragraphs
(iv), (v) and (vi) of Paragraph VI of the preamble hereof.
          "Approved Level of Working Capital" is defined in
Section 6.1.
          "Assignment" is defined in Paragraph VII of the
preamble hereof.
          "Base Load Sharing Percentages" is defined in Section
6.1.
          "Base Load Supply Agreements" means, collectively, the
Supply Agreements, as hereafter amended, specified in paragraphs
(i), (ii) and (iii) of Paragraph VI of the preamble hereof.
          "Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement" means the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, as
amended and restated as of February 9, 1988, as hereafter
amended, among the Producers and Continental Bank International.
          "Bontang Excess Sales Trustee" means the trustee under
the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement.
          "Bontang Plant" means the natural gas liquefaction and
related facilities located at Bontang Bay on the east coast of
Kalimantan, Indonesia.
          "Bontang II Accounts" means the accounts designated in
Section 1.3.
          "Bontang II Base Load Account" is defined in Section
1.3.
          "Bontang II Distribution Account" is defined in Section
1.3.
          "Bontang II General Account" is defined in Section 1.3.
          "Bontang II Retained Account" is defined in Section
1.3.
          "Bontang II Transfer Account" is defined in Section
1.3.
          "Bontang II Trustee" is defined in the title paragraph
hereof.
          "Bontang II Trust Fund Accounts" is defined in Section
8.4.
          "Bontang II Trust Funds" is defined in Section 1.2.
          "Buyer LNG Invoice" is defined in Section 1.1.
          "Buyers" is defined in Paragraph Ill of the preamble
hereof.
          "Contingency Amount" is defined in Section 7.1.
          "Contractor" means any member of the Vico Group, the
Total Group or the Unocal Group, or its predecessor in interest
as the context may require (collectively, the "Contractors").
          "Contractor Groups" means the Vico Group, the Total
Group and the Unocal Group.
          "Development Agreement" is defined in Paragraph VIII of
the preamble hereof.
          "Fixed Quantity Amount" means the quantity of LNG
(expressed in MMBTU's) shown on any Buyer LNG Invoice as a fixed
quantity.
          "Gas Fields" is defined in Paragraph III of the
preamble hereof.
          "Inpex" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Jilco" is defined in Paragraph VI of the preamble
hereof.
          "Jilco LNG Invoice" is defined in Section 1.1.
          "Liquefaction Company" is defined in Paragraph X of the
preamble hereof.
          "LNG" is defined in Paragraph Ill of the preamble
hereof.
          "LNG Invoice" is defined in Section 1.1.
          "LPG" means propane or butane, or as the context
requires, both propane and butane.
          "MMBTU" means million British Thermal Units.
          "Mobil" is defined in Paragraph XI of the preamble
hereof.
          "1981 LNG Sales Contract" is defined in Paragraph IV of
the preamble hereof.
          "Opicoil Houston" is defined in the title paragraph
hereof.
          "Original Quantities Percentage" means, with respect to
any Buyer LNG Invoice or any invoice or other statement for
charges payable hereunder, the percentage set forth below for the
calendar year which (subject to Section 1.1(c)) corresponds to
the date of such invoice or statement:
                              Original
          Year           Quantities Percentage

          1991                95.1427%
          1992                93.6268
          1993                92.1584
          1994-2003           90.7353

          "Other Trustee and Paying Agent Agreements" is defined
in Paragraph  XI of the preamble hereof.
          "Payment Trustee" is defined in Paragraph VIII of the
preamble hereof.
          "Payments Account" is defined in Section 7.1.
          "Payments Account Agreement" is defined in Paragraph
VIII of the preamble hereof.
          "Pertamina" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Price Reduction Amount" means, with respect to any
Buyer LNG Invoice, the amount set forth below for the calendar
year which (subject to Section I.I(c)) corresponds to the date of
such invoice:
                              Price
          Year            Reduction Amount

          1991                $0.06
          1992                 0.08
          1993                 0.10
          1994-2003            0.12

          "Processing Agreement" is defined in Paragraph X of the
preamble hereof.
          "Producers" means Pertamina and the Contractors.
          "Production Sharing Contract" means:
          (i)  as to Pertamina and the Vico Group, (i) until
August 8, 1998, the Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract dated April 23, 1990, as hereafter amended, between
Pertamina, on the one hand, and the members of the Vico Group on
the other, and (ii) effective August 8, 1998, the Production
Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990, as hereafter amended,
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and the members of the Vico
Group, on the other;

          (ii) as to Pertamina and the Total Group, (i) until
March 31, 1997, the Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between
Pertamina, on the one hand, and the members of the Total Group,
on the other, and (ii) effective March 31, 1997, the Production
Sharing Contract dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended,
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and the members of the Total
Group, on the other;

          (iii)     as to Pertamina and the Unocal Group, (i)
until October 24, 1998, the Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended,
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal on the other, and
(ii) effective October 25, 1998, the Production Sharing Contract
dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina,
on the one hand, and Unocal, on the other; and

          (iv) as to Pertamina and Inpex, effective March 31,
1997, the Production Sharing Contract dated March 28, 1991, as
hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Inpex,
on the other.

          "Quarter" is defined in Section 7.1.
          "Retained Amount" means the portion of the Additional
Quantities Payment in respect of any Buyer LNG Invoice determined
by the following formula:
          Retained Amount = FQA x OQ% x Pr, where:
          FQA = the Fixed Quantity Amount specified on such
invoice;
          OQ% = the Original Quantities Percentage applicable to
such invoice; and
          Pr = the Price Reduction Amount applicable to such
invoice.
          "Sharing Percentages" means the Base Load Sharing
Percentages and the Additional Quantities Sharing Percentages.
          "Source Documents" is defined in Paragraph I of the
preamble hereof.
          "Special Disbursement Amount" means an amount paid by
the Bontang II Trustee pursuant to a Special Disbursement
Instruction or an amount received by the Bontang II Trustee from
the trustee and paying agent under any Other Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement which such trustee and paying agent has notified
the Bontang II Trustee is a Special Disbursement Amount, as the
case may be.
          "Special Disbursement Instruction" is defined in
Section 6.5.
          "Successor" is defined in Section 10.3.
          "Supply Agreements" means, collectively, the  Base 
Load  Supply  Agreements and the Additional Quantities Supply
Agreements.
          "Total" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Total Group" means Total and Inpex and their
successors in interest.
          "Transfer Amount" means the portion of the Additional
Quantities Payment in respect of any Buyer LNG Invoice determined
by the following formula:
          Transfer Amount = AQP - RA, where:
          AQP = the Additional Quantities Payment in respect of
such invoice;  and
          RA = the Retained Amount in respect of such invoice.
          "Trustee's Office" means the office of the Trustee from
time to time in effect pursuant to Section 11.3.
          "Ultramar" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Union Texas" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Universe" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Unocal" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Unocal Group" means Unocal and Inpex  and  their 
successors  in  interest.
          "Vico" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.
          "Vico Group"  means Vico, Virginia International, Union
Texas, Ultramar, Opicoil Houston and Universe and their
predecessors or successors in interest, as the context may
require.
          "Virginia International" is defined in the title
paragraph hereof.
<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 1
           RECEIPT OF INVOICES AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT TO LNG 
          1.1  LNG Invoices and Related Calculations. (a) The
Producers shall cause a copy of each invoice rendered under the
1981 LNG Sales Contract to be delivered to the Bontang II
Trustee, including invoices rendered to Jilco pursuant to the
Assignment.  Any such copy of an invoice for LNG sold under the
1981 LNG Sales Contract, or for amounts deemed attributable to
such sales under Section 1.5, received by the Bontang II Trustee
hereunder is herein referred to as an "LNG Invoice"; any LNG
Invoice addressed to a Buyer (including any such invoice under
which no amount is payable by Buyer because the whole quantity
referred to therein is invoiced to Jilco) is herein referred to
as a "Buyer LNG Invoice" and any LNG Invoice addressed to Jilco
is herein referred to as a "Jilco LNG Invoice".
          (b)  Upon the Bontang II Trustee's receipt of any Buyer
LNG Invoice, it shall calculate the Additional Quantities
Payment, the Transfer Amount and the Retained Amount for such
invoice.
          (c)  In the case of an invoice dated between January
1st and 10th of any year, the Producers may notify the Bontang II
Trustee that for the purpose of determining the Additional
Quantities Percentage, the Original Quantities Percentage and the
Price Reduction Amount, the previous calendar year is deemed to
correspond to the date of such invoice.
          1.2  Designation of Bontang II Trustee; Bontang II
Trust Funds.  Pursuant to Section 10.4 of the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract and to the provisions of the Supply Agreements,
Pertamina hereby designates, and the Contractors hereby agree to
the designation of, the Bontang II Trustee named herein as the
Trustee and Paying Agent to which certain of the amounts which
become due and payable under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract shall be
paid (whether from the Buyers, from Jilco pursuant to the
Assignment or from the Payment Trustee pursuant to the Assignment
and the Payments Account Agreement).  All such amounts and any
other amounts the Bontang II Trustee may receive under the terms
of this Agreement (together with any securities acquired by the
Bontang II Trustee pursuant to Article 9 and all interest
thereon) are herein referred to as the "Bontang II Trust Funds".
          1.3  Bontang II Accounts.  The Bontang II Trustee shall
establish and maintain at the Trustee's Office the following
separately-designated accounts, herein referred to collectively
as the "Bontang II Accounts": the "Bontang II General Account"
and sub-accounts thereof designated as the "Bontang II Base Load
Account", the "Bontang II Transfer Account", the "Bontang II
Retained Account" and the "Bontang II Distribution Account". 
Immediately upon the Bontang II Trustee's receipt of any funds
designated "Bontang II", "Badak LNG Sales Contract", "Badak
Expansion" or otherwise unambiguously representing amounts
payable with respect to LNG sold under the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract, such funds shall be impressed with the trust created
hereby, become a part of the Bontang II Trust Funds and be
deposited in the Bontang II General Account.
          1.4  Proceeds Transfers. (a) Subject to clauses (b) and
(c) below, the Bontang II Trustee shall immediately transfer the
proceeds of any Buyer LNG Invoice deposited in the Bontang II
General Account from such account (i) first to the Bontang II
Transfer Account, until the Transfer Amount for such invoice has
been deposited therein and (ii) then to the Bontang II Retained
Account, until the Retained Amount for such invoice has been
deposited therein, and any funds remaining in the Bontang II
General Account after making such transfers shall be immediately
transferred to the Bontang II Base Load Account.
          (b)  Subject to clause (c) below, in the event that the
proceeds of any Buyer LNG Invoice deposited in the Bontang II
General Account are not at least equal to the Additional
Quantities Payment for such invoice, the Bontang II Trustee shall
immediately transfer such proceeds from the Bontang II General
Account to the Bontang II Transfer Account and the Bontang II
Retained Account, pro rata in proportion to the Transfer Amount
and Retained Amount, respectively, for such invoice.
          (c)  To the extent that less than the full Transfer
Amount and Retained Amount for any Buyer LNG Invoice has been
transferred to the Bontang II Transfer Account and the Bontang II
Retained Account, respectively, the Bontang II Trustee shall,
before making any other application of such funds required
hereunder, transfer the next available funds in the Bontang II
General Account from such account to the Bontang II Transfer
Account and the Bontang II Retained Account, pro rata in
proportion to the Transfer Amount and Retained Amount,
respectively, for such invoice, until the full Transfer Amount
and Retained Amount for such invoice has been so transferred.
          (d)  Subject to clause (c) above, the Bontang II
Trustee shall immediately transfer the proceeds of any Jilco LNG
Invoice deposited in the Bontang II General Account from such
account to the Bontang II Base Load Account.
          1.5  Allocation of Amounts Received.  All amounts
received by the Bontang II Trustee (whether from the Buyers or
Jilco) and designated as representing amounts payable for LNG
delivered under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract, or for LNG required
to be purchased under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract, but not taken,
and all amounts paid on account of interest due by reason of the
late payment of invoices for such LNG, shall be deemed to be
attributable to sales of LNG under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract. 
In the event the Bontang II Trustee receives any amounts from
Buyers, from Jilco or from the Payment Trustee that are not
designated for the Bontang II General Account or any accounts
established or to be established under the Other Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreements, it shall first contact the remitting
party in order to determine the proper designation for the
amounts received, and shall solicit and, if possible, obtain from
the remitting party such documentation as the Bontang II Trustee
deems appropriate as evidence of such designation.  In the event
the remitting party does not provide appropriate evidence of such
designation satisfactory to the Bontang II Trustee, the Bontang
II Trustee shall notify Pertamina, the Contractors and, if an
Other Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement involving Mobil is
concerned, Mobil of the amount received, the date of receipt and
any other information relevant to such amount known to the
Bontang II Trustee.  The Bontang II Trustee shall thereupon
request instructions as to the proper allocation of the amount
received, and shall allocate such amounts among the Bontang II
General Account and any accounts established under the Other
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreements in accordance with
instructions given jointly by Pertamina, the Contractors and, as
appropriate, Mobil.
          1.6  Amounts Received From Payment Trustee or Jilco. 
All amounts received by the Bontang II Trustee from the Payment
Trustee designated as being pursuant to the Payments Account
Agreement or from Jilco designated as being pursuant to the
Development Agreement (other than amounts paid pursuant to an LNG
Invoice), shall be deposited in the Bontang II General Account
and, subject to Section 1.4(c), immediately transferred to the
Bontang II Base Load Account.
          1.7  Credits and Charges to Producer Accounts.  The (i)
Base Load Sharing Percentage of each Producer of all amounts
deposited in the Bontang II Retained Account and the Bontang II
Base Load Account and (ii) Additional Quantities Sharing
Percentage of each Producer of all amounts deposited in the
Bontang II Transfer Account, shall be credited to the Bontang II
Trust Fund Account of such Producer, to be held in trust,
however, for the benefit of those having a right, to the extent
provided in this Agreement, to receive disbursements and
distributions hereunder.  The (a) Base Load Sharing Percentage of
each Producer of all amounts required to be paid from the Bontang
II Base Load Account and the Bontang II Retained Account and (b)
Additional Quantities Sharing Percentage of each Producer of all
amounts required to be paid from the Bontang II Transfer Account,
in each case under Articles 2 through 5 and, in the case of
clause (a) above, Section 6.5, shall be charged to such
Producer's Bontang II Trust Fund Account.
                                 ARTICLE 2
             DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO PROCESSING CHARGES
           2.1 Submission and Payment.  The Producers shall
submit to the Bontang II Trustee invoices received from the
Liquefaction Company on account of LNG processing charges payable
with respect to LNG sold under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract.  To
the extent that sufficient funds are then held in the accounts
specified in Article 4 to pay any such invoice in full the
Bontang II Trustee shall, in accordance with procedures from time
to time agreed upon among the Producers and the Liquefaction
Company pursuant to Section 2.2, promptly upon receipt of notice
from the Producers that any such invoice has been approved for
payment, pay to the Liquefaction Company from such accounts the
amount of such invoice.  No partial payments of less than the
full amount of any such invoice shall be made.
          2.2  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall from time
to time establish appropriate procedures with the Liquefaction
Company for the payment of funds payable to the Liquefaction
Company pursuant to Section 2.1, and shall advise the Bontang II
Trustee of such procedures which shall include a requirement that
the Liquefaction Company furnish the Bontang II Trustee with an
acknowledgment that each payment by the Bontang II Trustee
hereunder fully satisfies the liabilities of the Producers with
respect to the invoice to which the payment relates.
                                 ARTICLE 3
                              TRUSTEE CHARGES
          3.1  Compensation.  The Bontang II Trustee shall be
entitled to reasonable compensation to be agreed upon from time
to time among the parties for the services to be performed by it
hereunder and to be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by it in connection therewith.  To the extent
that sufficient funds are then held in the accounts specified in
Article 4 to pay such agreed compensation and expenses the
Bontang II Trustee may charge such agreed compensation and
expenses to such accounts, providing the Producers with such
evidence as to the nature and amount of such expenses as any of
the Producers may reasonably require.
          3.2  Producers Obligations.  If sufficient funds are
not available in the accounts specified in Article 4 to pay such
compensation and expenses, Pertamina and each Contractor shall
pay such compensation and expenses to the Bontang II Trustee;
provided, however, that the obligation of each Producer with
respect to this Section 3.2 shall be pro rata in accordance with
its Sharing Percentage with respect to each of the accounts to
which such charges are allocated pursuant to Section 4.1.
                                 ARTICLE 4
                   ALLOCATION OF PROCESSING CHARGES AND
                              TRUSTEE CHARGES

          4.1  Ultimate Allocation.  The Original Quantities
Percentage of the total amount of any charges payable pursuant to
Articles 2 and 3 shall ultimately be borne by the Bontang II Base
Load Account or the Bontang II Retained Account.  The Additional
Quantities Percentage of any such charges shall ultimately be
borne by the Bontang II Transfer Account.  The allocation of
charges contemplated by this Section 4.1 shall be effected as set
forth in Sections 4.2 through 4.4.
          4.2  Charges Ultimately To Be Borne By Bontang II Base
Load or Retained Accounts.
          (a)  When any invoice or other charges are to be paid
pursuant to Article 2 or 3, funds in the Bontang II Base Load
Account shall first be applied, to the extent required, to the
payment of the amount of such charges ultimately to be borne by
such account or the Bontang II Retained Account.
          (b)  If the application of funds pursuant to (a) above
is not sufficient to pay such amount, then funds in the Bontang
II Retained Account shall be applied, to the extent required, to
the payment thereof
          (c)  If the application of funds pursuant to (a) and
(b) above is not sufficient to pay such amount, then any funds
remaining in the Bontang II Transfer Account after making the
payment required by Section 4.3(a) shall be applied, to the
extent required, to the payment thereof.
          4.3  Charges Ultimately To Be Borne B Bontang II
Transfer Account.
          (a)  When any invoice or other charges are to be paid
pursuant to Article 2 or 3, funds in the Bontang II Transfer
Account shall first be applied, to the extent required, to the
payment of the amount of such charges ultimately to be borne by
such account.
          (b)  If the application of funds pursuant to (a) above
is not sufficient to pay such amount, then any funds remaining in
the Bontang II Base Load Account after making the payment
required by Section 4.2(a) shall be applied, to the extent
required, to the payment of such amount.
          (c)  If the application of funds pursuant to (a) and
(b) above is not sufficient to pay such amount, then any funds
remaining in the Bontang II Retained Account after making the
payment required by Section 4.2(b) shall be applied, to the
extent required, to the payment thereof.
          4.4  Adjusting Payments.  When, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 4.2 and 4.3, any charges pursuant to
Article 2 or 3 have been paid from an account (a "lending
account") which are ultimately to be borne by another account (a
"borrowing account"), the Bontang II Trustee shall transfer to
the lending account the next available funds deposited in the
borrowing account, before making any other application of such
finds required hereunder, until the lending account has been
fully reimbursed for the charges paid from it on behalf of the
borrowing account.  If the next available funds in the borrowing
account are not sufficient to fully reimburse each lending
account to which funds are due from such borrowing account, such
funds shall be transferred to such lending accounts pro rata in
proportion to the amounts then due to each such account from the
borrowing account.
                                 ARTICLE 5
                DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO OTHER CHARGES
          5.1  Submission and Payment.  It is contemplated that
other charges with respect to the production, sale or delivery of
LNG sold under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract will from time to time
be payable from certain accounts hereunder.  The Producers may
submit to the Bontang II Trustee payment orders or instructions,
or invoices or other statements, received by any of them with
respect to such charges.  The Bontang II Trustee shall, promptly
upon receipt of notice from the Producers that any such payment
order, instruction, invoice or statement has been approved for
payment, pay to the person entitled thereto from the Bontang II
Account or Accounts specified in such approval notice, to the
extent that funds are then held in such accounts, the amount
approved for payment, pursuant to procedures to be agreed upon
pursuant to Section 5.2.
          5.2  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall agree
with the person submitting any invoice or statement payable
pursuant to Section 5.1 on appropriate procedures for the payment
thereof, and shall advise the Bontang II Trustee of such
procedures which shall include a requirement that the person
receiving payment furnish the Bontang II Trustee with an
acknowledgment that each payment by the Bontang II Trustee
hereunder fully satisfies the liabilities of the Producers with
respect to the invoice or statement to which the payment relates.
          5.3  Designation of Account To Pay.  Each notice to the
Bontang II Trustee from the Producers approving a payment
pursuant to Section 5.1 shall specify the Bontang II Account or
Accounts from which such payment is to be made and, in the event
payment is to be made from more than one account, the amount to
be paid from each account.  Unless otherwise specified pursuant
to the preceding sentence, the Bontang II Base Load Account shall
be charged for payment of the following expenses:
          (a)  the portion of any transportation charge related
to the 1981 LNG Sales Contract for any "In-Kind Cargo" under the
Second Supply Agreements For Excess Sales (Quantities In-Kind
Under Amended and Restated Invoice Settlement Agreements)
effective as of March 31, 1987, as amended and restated as of
December 1, 1988, between Pertamina and the Vico Group, the Total
Group and the Unocal Group, respectively; and
          (b)  any fees or expenses related to the Development
Agreement.
                                 ARTICLE 6
             DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO SHARING PERCENTAGES
          6.1  Approved Level of Working Capital: Sharing
Percentages.  For the purposes of this Agreement the "Approved
Level of Working Capital" for the Bontang II Base Load Account,
the Bontang II Retained Account and the Bontang II Transfer
Account, respectively, shall be that amount, if any, specified to
the Bontang II Trustee for such account in a notice from the
Producers.  The respective "Base Load Sharing Percentages" and
"Additional Quantities Sharing Percentages" of each Producer
shall be the percentages set forth in the most recent applicable
certificate furnished to the Bontang II Trustee pursuant to
Section 6.3.
          6.2  Payment of Excess.
          (a)  Whenever and to the extent that the amount held in
the Bontang II Base Load Account or the Bontang II Retained
Account at the end of any business day of the Bontang II Trustee
in the City of New York is in excess of the Approved Level of
Working Capital for such account, after having deducted all
amounts then payable or transferable by the Bontang II Trustee
from such accounts under Articles 2 through 5, then, such excess
shall be immediately transferred to the Bontang II Distribution
Account and, except as otherwise provided in Sections 6.3 or 6.5,
paid out to the Producers from such account in accordance with
their respective Base Load Sharing Percentages, as specified by
the most recent certificate for the current year furnished
pursuant to Section 6.3.
          (b)  Whenever and to the extent that the amount held in
the Bontang II Transfer Account at the end of any business day of
the Bontang II Trustee in the City of New York is in excess of
the Approved Level of Working Capital for such account, after
having deducted all amounts then payable or transferable by the
Bontang II Trustee from such account under Articles 2 through 5,
then such excess shall be immediately paid out to the Bontang
Excess Sales Trustee and shall be identified as a payment with
respect to Additional Quantities.
          6.3  Accountants.  The Producers shall mutually appoint
from time to time a firm of independent public accountants to act
as the accountants hereunder (the "Accountants") and shall
promptly advise the Bontang II Trustee of any such appointment or
change in appointment.
          The Accountants shall be directed to furnish to the
Bontang II Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) a certificate
on or before the 15th day of December in each calendar year
setting forth the respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer
for the following calendar year.
          The Sharing Percentages shall be calculated as provided
in the respective Production Sharing Contracts and Supply
Agreements, based upon actual or estimated production and costs
as required thereby.
          The Accountants shall also be directed to furnish to
the Bontang II Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) on or
before the 15th day of March, June and September in each calendar
year a revision of the certificate furnished for such year
setting forth the respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer
based upon revised estimates of production and costs for such
year.
          In addition, the Accountants shall be directed to
furnish to the Bontang II Trustee (with a copy to the Producers)
on or before the 15th day of February in each calendar year, a
final version of the certificate for the previous year setting
forth the respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer based
upon actual production and costs for the previous year.
          Every revised and final certificate shall specify the
amount, if any, by which the aggregate amount paid by the Bontang
II Trustee to each Producer pursuant to the initial certificate
and any earlier revisions thereof under Section 6.2(a) was
greater or less than the amount that would have been paid to each
on the basis of the Base Load Sharing Percentages which are
certified therein and shall specify the amount that would be
required to be paid to any underpaid Producer, in order to bring
the total amount paid to it into equitable relation to the amount
paid to any overpaid Producer so that the payments, as adjusted,
would be in accordance with such Base Load Sharing Percentages. 
In the event that any such certificate indicates that any of the
Producers has been underpaid, the Bontang II Trustee, after
receipt of the certificate, shall pay to any such Producers pro
rata in proportion to the amount by which each such Producer was
underpaid, all amounts otherwise payable under Section 6.2(a) to
the Producers which have been overpaid until each such underpaid
Producer shall have received the entire amount stated in the
certificate as required to be paid to such underpaid Producer. 
After each such Producer has received the entire amount it is
entitled to receive as aforesaid, the Bontang II Trustee shall
make all future payments to the Producers pursuant to Section
6.2(a) in accordance with the Base Load Sharing Percentages
specified in the most recent certificate relating thereto
furnished to the Bontang II Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.3.
          6.4  Arrangement for Payment.  Each Producer shall make
such reasonable arrangements with the Bontang II Trustee as it
shall deem appropriate for the payment to it of amounts payable
to it under the terms of this Article 6. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 6.5, each Contractor shall make its own
arrangements with respect to such payments directly with the
Bontang II Trustee and, notwithstanding the provisions of Section
11.3, the representative of any Contractor Group shall have no
authority to act for any Contractor other than itself in making
such arrangements.
          6.5  Special Disbursement Instructions.  The Producers
acknowledge that from time to time it may be necessary for
amounts which would otherwise be paid to Producers pursuant to
Section 6.2(a) to be paid instead to (a) persons who have
submitted invoices or other statements for charges with respect
to the production, sale or delivery of LNG or LPG from the
Bontang Plant under sales contracts other than the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract, (b) the trustee under any trust established to pay
charges of the type described in (a) above, (c) the trustee under
any Other Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement or (d) Mobil, in
order to satisfy certain obligations of the Producers having
interests in the Bontang II Base Load Account and the Bontang II
Retained Account.  Accordingly, notwithstanding the payment
arrangements made with the Bontang II Trustee pursuant to Section
6.4, each Contractor hereby authorizes the representative of any
of the Contractor Groups of which it is a member, as designated
in or pursuant to Section 11.3, to give to the Bontang II Trustee
from time to time on its behalf such Special Disbursement
Instructions as such representative may deem necessary or
appropriate to authorize such payments.  Each representative
shall give copies of any such Special Disbursement Instruction to
the members of its Contractor Group contemporaneously with the
transmission thereof to the Bontang II Trustee, by the same means
of transmission.  As used herein, a "Special Disbursement
Instruction" means an instruction so entitled which (i) is given
by the Producers as provided in Section 11.3, (ii) instructs the
Bontang II Trustee to pay to persons described in clauses (a),
(b), (c) or (d) above any amount which would otherwise be paid to
Producers pursuant to Section 6.2(a), and (iii) specifies the
funds and the Bontang II Account from which such payment is to be
made.  Any Special Disbursement Instruction requiring payment to
another trustee shall also specify the account or accounts to
which such funds are to be credited and direct the Bontang II
Trustee to notify such trustee that such payment is a Special
Disbursement Amount for the account of accounts so specified. 
The inclusion of this Section 6.5 shall have no effect on the
authority of the Bontang II Trustee to act and rely upon any
other special disbursement or transfer instruction which does not
comply with this Section 6.5 so long as such instruction is given
in an instrument executed by all of the Producers.
          6.6  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall agree
with the persons specified in Section 6.5(a) on appropriate
procedures for the payment of the relevant invoices or
statements, and shall advise the Bontang II Trustee of such
procedures which shall include a requirement that the person
receiving payment furnish the Bontang II Trustee with an
acknowledgement that each payment by the Bontang II Trustee
hereunder fully satisfies the liabilities of the person to whom
such invoice or statement is addressed with respect thereto.
          6.7  Receipt of Special Disbursements.  The Bontang II
Trustee may from time to time receive Special Disbursement
Amounts from the trustee under any Other Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreement.  Immediately upon the Bontang II Trustee's receipt of
any funds identified as a Special Disbursement Amount, such funds
shall be impressed with the trust created hereby and become a
part of the Bontang II Trust Funds.  Any such amounts received by
the Bontang II Trustee shall be deposited in the Bontang II
Account or Accounts specified by the remitting trustee.
                                 ARTICLE 7
               DUTIES WITH RESPECT TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
                                    AND
                        PAYMENTS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT

          7.1  Terms of Related Agreements.
          (a)  Under the Development Agreement, Jilco is required
to give the Bontang II Trustee notice of each amount payable by
Jilco which is set off against amounts to be refunded or paid by
Pertamina under the Development Agreement.
          (b)  Under the Payments Account Agreement, (i) Jilco
and Pertamina, or Jilco alone, will furnish the Bontang II
Trustee a statement of the "Contingency Amount" for the
three-month period commencing on each March 25, June 25,
September 25 and December 25 (each such three-month period, a
"Quarter") and (ii) on the first business day in the City of New
York after the commencement of each such Quarter, the Payment
Trustee is required to pay to the Bontang II Trustee the amount
in the Payments Account established under the Payments <PAGE>
Account Agreement 
(such account, the "Payments Account") in
excess of the Contingency Amount.
          (c)  Under the Development Agreement and the
Assignment, no payments for LNG delivered to Jilco are to be made
by Jilco to the Payments Account so long as the amount in such
account is equal to or greater than the Contingency Amount, but
instead are either to be made the subject of set-off as described
in (a) above or paid directly to the Bontang II Trustee
hereunder.
          (d)  Under the Payments Account Agreement, the Payment
Trustee is authorized to advise the Bontang II Trustee of the
amount in the Payments Account as of the time of any request for
such information by the Bontang II Trustee.
          7.2  Reconciliation by Bontang II Trustee.  On the
basis of the information submitted to the Bontang II Trustee, as
described in Section 7.1, and the procedures referred to therein,
the Bontang II Trustee shall reconcile with respect to the total
amount payable under each invoice rendered to Jilco for LNG sold
under the 1981 LNG Sales Contract (i) the portion of such amount
set off as described above, (ii) the portion of such amount paid
to the Payment Trustee and (iii) the portion of such amount paid
directly to the Bontang II Trustee hereunder. If the Bontang II
Trustee is unable or without sufficient information to so
reconcile the amount payable under any such invoice, it will
bring this fact to the attention of the Producers and attempt
with their assistance to cause such reconciliation to be made or
to find the cause of the discrepancy preventing such
reconciliation.  Upon a request from any Producer, the Bontang II
Trustee will make available to the Producer making such request
copies of the Bontang II Trustee's reconciliations made in
accordance with the Section 7.2.

                                 ARTICLE 8
            PROCEDURES RESPECTING ACCOUNTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
           8.1 Accounting For Assets.  All assets under the
jurisdiction and control of the Bontang II Trustee and held from
time to time in the Bontang II Trust Funds shall be accounted for
within the Bontang II General Account, specifying the sub-account
thereof to which such assets may be allocated, the bank or banks
at which cash deposits may be maintained and the place or places
at which investment securities may be held in custody for the
account of the Bontang II Trustee.  The Bontang II Trustee shall
maintain such books of account and other records as may be
necessary to ensure full and proper segregation of the funds
credited to such accounts as may be established by the Bontang II
Trustee hereunder.  It shall also segregate and keep such
accounts separate from any accounts which may be established
under the Other Trustee and Paying Agent Agreements.  Such books
of account shall be open to inspection by the duly authorized
representatives of any of the Producers at all reasonable times.
          8.2  Payments Account Balance.  The Bontang II Trustee
shall from time to time request from the Payment Trustee the
balance standing in the Payments Account under the Payments
Account Agreement and shall, upon request of any Producer,
communicate such information to such party.
          8.3  Reports.  The Bontang II Trustee shall furnish to
each of the Producers the following reports:
          (a)  As soon as practicable (and not later than 45
days) after the close of each calendar year, a statement prepared
by the Bontang II Trustee, setting forth the amount and source
(by category) of funds received pursuant to this Agreement and
the disbursement of such funds as disclosed by the records and
accounts kept by the Bontang II Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1
during such preceding calendar year, and a statement of the cash
and investments held in the accounts under this Agreement as of
the end of such period.
          (b)  Within 20 days after the close of each calendar
quarter a statement prepared by the Bontang II Trustee setting
forth the amount and source (by category) of funds received
pursuant to this Agreement and the disbursements of such funds as
disclosed by the records and accounts kept by the Bontang II
Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1 during such preceding calendar
quarter and a statement of the cash and investments held in the
accounts under this Agreement as of the end of such period.
          (c)  Promptly after its receipt or disbursement of any
finds pursuant to this Agreement the Bontang II Trustee shall
notify the Producers by telex or facsimile transmission of such
transactions specifying the amount and the source (by category)
of the funds received and disbursed and the amounts credited or
charged to the Bontang II Accounts or any accounts included
therein.
          Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11.3
respecting the representatives of the Contractor Groups, each of
the reports required by clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 8.3
shall be furnished by the Bontang II Trustee directly to each
Contractor at its address specified pursuant to Section 11.3.
          8.4  Producer Accounts.  The Bontang II Trustee shall
maintain separate accounts (the "Bontang II Trust Fund Accounts")
for each Producer which are sufficient to reflect each such
Producer's interest in the assets, liabilities, receipts and
disbursements of the Bontang II Trust Funds, and its right to
distributions therefrom.  It is the intention of each Producer
that the trust created hereby be a security trust of the type
described in Treas. Reg. 1.61-13(b) and I.T. 1942, III-1 C.B. 11
(1924).  Accordingly, each Producer agrees for United States
income tax purposes to account for its share of the receipts and
disbursements made pursuant to this Agreement as if it had
received such amounts directly and made such disbursements
directly, and the Bontang II Trustee agrees for United States
income tax purposes, unless advised by the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service to the contrary, to treat such receipts and disbursements
in a manner consistent with its status as the agent for each such
party, or if so advised by the Bontang II Trustee's counsel, as
the trustee of a separate grantor trust for each such party
within the meaning of Section 671 of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder.
                                 ARTICLE 9
                   INVESTMENT OF FUNDS HELD IN ACCOUNTS
                           UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

          9.1  Permitted Investments.  The Bontang II Trustee
shall invest amounts held by it from time to time in the Bontang
II Accounts solely in (i) Eurodollar bank time deposits and/or
Eurodollar certificates of deposit with banks whose deposits are
rated "P-l" by Moody's Bank Credit Report Service and "A-l+" by
Standard and Poor's Corporation CD Ranking Service; or (ii) such
other types of short-term interest-bearing bank time deposits and
certificates of deposit (x) as to which there is applicable a
sovereign guarantee of repayment of principal or other evidence
of sovereign support in respect of such repayment as approved by
the Producers, and (y) issued by banks having at least
$100,000,000 (or its equivalent) of capital and earned surplus
(or equivalent accounts) as reflected in the then current
financial statements of the issuing banks; or (iii) if, due to
the relatively small amount of funds to be invested, the
unconventional period during which such funds are to be invested
or similar factors, investments of the type authorized by clauses
(i) and (ii) above are not generally available for such funds,
the Bontang II Trustee may invest such funds in short-term
Eurodollar time deposits, Eurodollar certificates of deposit or
Eurodollar repurchase agreements, or any combination of the
foregoing, in each case with any bank or banks each having at
least $100,000,000 (or its equivalent) of capital and earned
surplus (or equivalent accounts) as reflected in the then current
financial statements of such bank or banks; provided, however,
that the aggregate principal amount of such funds so invested
shall not exceed $1,000,000 at any one time.  In no event shall
the aggregate amount invested by the Bontang II Trustee pursuant
to the foregoing provisions in time deposits or certificates of
deposit with, or issued by, respectively, any one bank exceed 10%
of such bank's capital and earned surplus (or equivalent
accounts) as reflected in the bank's then current financial
statements.  For purposes of investments pursuant to clause (ii)
above, the Bontang II Trustee shall request the approval of the
Producers in accordance with Section 11.3, which request shall
specify the type of investment proposed and the nature of any
sovereign guarantee or any support applicable thereto.  The
Bontang II Trustee shall use its best efforts to assure that the
final maturity of any such investment does not extend beyond the
time when the amounts used to acquire such investment would be
required for any other application hereunder.
          9.2  Prudence and Yield.  In making any investments
pursuant to Section 9.1 the Bontang II Trustee shall be guided by
the standards of a prudent investor seeking the maximum yield
available consistent with security of principal at all times.
<PAGE>
          9.3  Interest Allocation.  Interest or any other income
arising out of investment of the Bontang II Trust Funds shall be
and become a part of the Bontang II Trust Funds, allocated to the
account for which such investment was made.
                                ARTICLE 10
                     CONCERNING THE BONTANG II TRUSTEE
     10.1 Duties.  In connection with its duties, rights and
powers under this Agreement (including in relation to
transactions it may enter into pursuant hereto), the Bontang II
Trustee shall be subject to the following:
          (a)  The Bontang II Trustee shall be entitled to act
upon any notice, certificate, request, direction, waiver, receipt
or other document which it in good faith believes to be genuine;
and it shall be entitled to rely upon the due execution, validity
and effectiveness, and the truth and acceptability, of any
provisions contained therein. 
          (b)  The Bontang II Trustee shall not be liable for any
error of judgment or for any act done or omitted by it in good
faith or for any mistake of fact or law, or for anything which it
may do or refrain from doing, except for its own gross negligence
or willful misconduct.
          (c)  The Bontang II Trustee may consult with, and
obtain advice from, accounting and legal advisers and it shall
incur no liability or loss and shall be fully protected in acting
in good faith in accordance with the opinion and advice of such
advisers.
          (d)  The Bontang II Trustee shall have no duties other
than those specifically set forth or provided for in this
Agreement.  The Bontang II Trustee shall have no obligation to
familiarize itself with and shall have no responsibility with
respect to any other agreement to which it is not a party
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement nor
any obligation to inquire whether any notice, instruction,
statement or calculation is in conformity with the terms of any
such other agreement, except those irregularities, errors or
mistakes apparent on the face of such document or to the
knowledge of the Bontang II Trustee.  If, however, any remittance
or communication received by the Bontang II Trustee appears
erroneous or irregular on its face, the Bontang II Trustee shall
be under a duty to make prompt inquiry to the person or party
originating such remittance or communication in order to
determine whether a clerical error or inadvertent mistake has
occurred.
          10.2 Resignation.  The Bontang II Trustee may, at any
time, by notice to the Producers, tender its resignation as
Trustee and Paying Agent under this Agreement.  Likewise, the
Producers may, at any time by notice jointly given by them,
terminate the Bontang II Trustee's appointment hereunder.  Such
resignation or termination shall be effective as from the
appointment of a successor as hereinafter provided.
          10.3 Appointment of Successor.  Within 60 days of
receipt of a notice of resignation or issuance of a notice of
termination, the Producers shall jointly appoint a successor,
being a bank in the United States acceptable to the Producers. 
The proposed successor bank (the "Successor") shall promptly give
notice of its appointment to the Bontang II Trustee and shall
execute and deliver to each of the parties hereto an instrument
in writing accepting its appointment hereunder which shall
specify the office of Successor in the United States which is to
be the Trustee's Office for the purpose of this Agreement.
          10.4 Application to Court.  If in any case a Successor
shall not be appointed pursuant to the foregoing provisions of
this Article 10 within the 60 days aforesaid, the Bontang II
Trustee may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to
appoint a Successor Trustee, notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 11.2. Such court may thereupon, in any case, after such
notice, if any, as such court may deem proper and prescribe,
appoint a Successor.
          10.5 Successor Vested with Rights.  Upon and from the
execution and delivery of its acceptance in writing as aforesaid,
the Successor without any further act or deed shall become fully
vested with all the rights, powers and duties and subject to all
the obligations of the Bontang II Trustee hereunder, but the
Bontang II Trustee, upon payment of all sums due it and on the
written request of the Producers shall execute and deliver an
instrument transferring to the Successor the Bontang II Trust
Funds, including all funds held in the Bontang II Accounts and
assigning to the Successor all its rights hereunder.
          10.6 Payments After Notice.  Upon and from the date of
notification from any Successor, any person required to pay
amounts to the Bontang II Trustee under this Agreement shall pay
the Successor at its office specified as aforesaid all amounts
described herein as payable to the Bontang II Trustee.
          10.7 Indemnification. The Producers hereby agree to
indemnity the Bontang II Trustee for, and to hold it harmless
against, any loss, liability, claim, judgment, settlement,
compromise or reasonable expense incurred or suffered without
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Bontang
II Trustee, arising out of or in connection with its entering
into this Agreement and carrying out its duties or exercising its
rights hereunder, including the cost and expenses of defending
itself against any claim of liability in the premises.
          10.8 Trustee in Individual Capacity.  Each of the
parties hereto acknowledges and consents that the Bontang II
Trustee, in its individual capacity, or any affiliate thereof
shall have the same rights, power and authority to enter into any
deposit agreement, loan agreement or any other banking or
business relationship permitted by law with any of the Producers
(without having to account therefor to any of the Producers) as
though it were not the Trustee and Paying Agent under this
Agreement.
                                ARTICLE 11
                               MISCELLANEOUS
          11.1 Term.  As of the date hereof the Source Documents
shall be amended and restated in their entirety as provided
herein and, as so amended and restated, shall remain in effect
until the Producers shall have notified the Bontang II Trustee
that the 1981 LNG Sales Contract has terminated as to all Buyers
and that all claims by Pertamina against the Buyers have been
finally settled and determined.
          11.2 Disputes.  All disputes arising among the parties
relating to this Agreement or the  interpretation or performance
hereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in the
English language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the
rules of arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. 
Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court
having jurisdiction, or application be made to such court for a
judicial acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement, as
the case may be.  Any award made under this Section 11.2 shall be
binding upon all parties concerned.
          11.3 Notices.  All notices, approvals, instructions and
other communications for purposes of this Agreement shall be in
writing, which shall include transmission by cable, telex or
facsimile transmission.  All communications given by mail, cable,
telex or facsimile transmission shall be directed as set forth
below, provided, however, that in the event any communication is
received by the Bontang II Trustee from a cable, telex or
facsimile number other than those set forth below, its responses
thereto may be directed to the number from which such
communication was received.
          (a)  To Pertamina at the following mail, cable, telex
and telecopier addresses, in each case to the attention of the
Director of Finance:
               Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
               (Pertamina)
               Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1A
               Jakarta, Indonesia
               Cable: Pertamina Jakarta, Indonesia via RCA
               Telex No.: 44441/44134
               (Answerback: PTMJKT IA)
               Telecopier No.: 62-21 343 882

          (b)  To the Contractors comprising the Vico Group at
the following mail, telex 

and telecopier addresses:

               Virginia Indonesia Company
               6 - llth floor
               Kuningan Plaza - South Tower 
               Jalan H.R. Rasuna Said
               Kav.  C 11- 14
               Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia 
               Telex No.: 79644421/7964457
               (Answerback: VICO IA)
               Telecopier No.: 62-21 380 0037

          (c) To the Contractors comprising the Total Group at
the following mail, cable, 

telex and telecopier addresses:

               Total Indonesie
               P.O. Box 1010
               Jakarta 10010
               Indonesia
               Cable:  Totalindo Jakarta
               Telex  No.:  44108
               (Answerback:  TOTAL JKT)
               (Telecopier No.:  62-21 520 0834

          (d)  To the Contractors comprising the Unocal Group at
the following mail, 

telex and telecopier addresses:

               Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.
               Ratu Plaza Office Tower, 7th floor 
               Jalan Jenderal Sudirman 
               Jakarta, Indonesia
               Telex No.: 47335
               (Answerback: UNOCAL IA)
               Telecopier No.: 62-21-720-4499

          (e)  To the Bontang II Trustee at the following mail,
telex and telecopier 

addresses, in each case to the attention of the LNG/LPG Division:

               Continental Bank International
               520 Madison Avenue
               New York, NY 10022
               Telex No.: RCA 232304/ITT 420177 
               (Answerback: CBI UR/CBI UI)
               Telecopier No.:  1-212-605-1014 or 1-212-319-0676

          (f)  To Mobil at the following mail, cable, telex and
telecopier addresses:

               Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc.
               P.O. Box 400
               Jakarta, Indonesia
               Cable: Mobiloil Jakarta
               Telex No.: 47431
               (Answerback: MOI JKT)
               Telecopier No.: 62-21 715 295

Each of Vico, Total and Unocal is hereby designated the sole
representative of the Contractors comprising its respective
Contractor Group for the giving and receipt of notices,
approvals, instructions and other communications to or from the
Contractors under this Agreement and, to the extent Contractors
are entitled to give or receive notices, approvals or
instructions thereunder, the Other Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreements.  For purposes of the foregoing, unless specifically
provided otherwise, each reference in this Agreement to the
Producers or the Contractors, shall insofar as the Contractors
are concerned, require notices, approvals and other
communications to and from such representatives.  A new or
successor representative may be designated by notice to such
effect signed by all the Contractors comprising a Contractor
Group given to the parties to this Agreement ten days in advance
of any such change.  Until receipt of any such notices, the
parties to this Agreement and the Other Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreements may rely on any notice, approval, instruction or other
communication from or to the representative of a Contractor Group
as binding upon each of the Contractors in such Contractor Group;
provided however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section
6.5, nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant the
representative of a Contractor Group (or any successor
representative designated pursuant to this Section 11.3) any
power or authority as among the Contractors in such Contractor
Group themselves.
          The parties may designate additional addresses for
particular communications as required from time to time, and may
change any address, by notice given ten days in advance of such
additions or changes, provided, however, that the Bontang II
Trustee's address shall be in the United States of America.
Immediately upon receiving communications by cable, telex or
facsimile transmission a party may request a repeat transmittal
of the entire communication or confirmation of particular
matters.
          11.4 Incumbency Certificates; Notices; Test Key
Arrangements.
          (a)  Pertamina and each representative of a Contractor
Group (or any successor representative of a Contractor Group
designated pursuant to Section 11.3) shall each furnish the
Bontang II Trustee, from time to time, with duly executed
incumbency certificates showing the names, titles and specimen
signatures of the persons authorized on behalf of such party to
give the notifications and approvals required by this Agreement.
          (b)  The Producers shall arrange for the Accountants to
provide the Bontang II Trustee from time to time with a
notification signed by two of its partners, advising the Bontang
II Trustee of the name and title, and furnishing a specimen
signature, of the person or persons authorized to execute the
certificates and other documents required by this Agreement.
          (c)  The Producers shall arrange for Mobil to furnish
the Bontang II Trustee, from time to time, with duly executed
incumbency certificates showing the names, titles and specimen
signatures of the persons authorized on behalf of Mobil to give
the instructions, notifications and approvals required by this
Agreement.
          (d)  Each of the Contractors shall furnish the Bontang
II Trustee, from time to time, with such certificates or other
evidence as the Bontang II Trustee may reasonably require showing
the names, titles and specimen signatures of the persons
authorized on behalf of such party to make the payment
arrangements contemplated by Section 6.4.  Each Contractor shall
also furnish the Bontang II Trustee, from time to time, with its
address to which the reports required by Section 8.3 shall be
sent.
          (e)  The Bontang II Trustee shall furnish the Producers 
and  the  Payment Trustee with notice of the officers of the
Bontang II Trustee who are authorized to act on its behalf in the
performance by the Bontang II Trustee of its duties under this
Agreement.
          (f)  Each Producer shall, and the Producers shall cause
the Accountants to, agree with the Bontang II Trustee upon
"test-key" arrangements for the purpose of authenticating
communications between them respectively which authorize,
accomplish, direct or otherwise deal with the transfer of money
under this Agreement.  If the Bontang II Trustee or any Producer
receives such a communication which does not comply with such
arrangements, such recipient shall notify the sender of such
failure to comply, requesting correction thereof, and shall take
no action in accordance with such communication until such
correction is effected.
          11.5 No Amendment Except in Writing.  This Agreement
may not be revoked, amended, modified, varied or supplemented
except by an instrument in writing signed by all of the parties
hereto.
          11.6 Section Headings.  The Section headings in this
Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and
shall be ignored in construing this Agreement.
          11.7 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New
York, United States of America, applicable to agreements made and
to be performed entirely within such state.
          11.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete
sets of counterparts shall be lodged with the Bontang II Trustee.
                                ARTICLE 12
                          DEBT SERVICE ALLOCATION
          12.1 Definitions.  In addition to and in amendment of
the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following
terms shall, solely for purposes of this Article 12, have the
meanings set forth below:
          "Aggregate Dollar Share" is defined in Section 12.3.
          "Allocation Trust Agreements" means this Agreement, the
Bontang III Trust Agreement, the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement and the Bontang LPG Trust Agreement.
          "Allocation Trustees" means all of the trustees under
the Allocation Trust Agreements, collectively, and "Allocation
Trustee" means one of such Allocation Trustees as the context may
require.
          "Bontang LPG Trust Agreement" means the Bontang LPG
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated as of August 1, 1988, as
hereafter amended, among the Producers and Continental Bank
International.
          "Bontang LPG Trustee" means the trustee and paying
agent under the Bontang LPG Trust Agreement.
          "Bontang I Trust Agreement" means the Badak Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement as amended and restated effective as of
February 9, 1988, as hereafter amended, among the Producers and
Continental Bank International.
          "Bontang I Trustee" means the trustee under the Bontang
I Trust Agreement.
          "Bontang III Trust Agreement" means the Bontang III
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated as of February 9, 1988,
as hereafter amended, among the Producers and Continental Bank
International.
          "Bontang III Trustee" means the trustee under the
Bontang III Trust Agreement.
          "Borrowed  Amounts" has the meaning specified in
Financing Agreement No. 3.
          "Borrowing Trustee" means any Trustee which is a party
to any of the Financing Agreements and "Borrowing Trustees" means
such Borrowing Trustees, collectively.
<PAGE>
          "Contingent Support" means amounts so designated
pursuant to any Trust Agreement which are paid to the Bontang III
Trustee for deposit in any of the Debt Service Accounts
established pursuant to the Bontang III Trust Agreement.
          "Contingent Support Trustees" means, collectively, the
Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and all other Trustees which
hereafter enter into a Trust Agreement providing for the payment
of Contingent Support as to which the Bontang II Trustee has been
notified by Pertamina, and "Contingent Support Trustee" means one
of such Trustees as the context may require.
          "Debt Service" means (i) amounts paid into any Debt
Service Account by a Borrowing Trustee (other than amounts so
paid by the Bontang III Trustee from Borrowed Amounts or
Contingent Support), (ii) amounts which any Borrowing Trustee has
been notified as having been paid by one or more Producers and
identified to such Borrowing Trustee as "Debt Service" under the
Debt Service Allocation Agreement with respect to indebtedness of
such Borrowing Trustee, (iii) Contingent Support paid by any
Contingent Support Trustee to the Bontang III Trustee, and (iv)
trustee's fees and expenses of the Bontang I Trustee incurred in
connection with Financing Agreement No. 1 or Financing Agreement
No. 2 which are charged to the Badak Current Accounts under the
Bontang I Trust Agreement.
          "Debt Service Accounts" means all accounts, including
any sub-accounts thereof, which a Borrowing Trustee opens and
into which it transfers LNG revenues or other funds in
anticipation of payments of, or as a reserve for possible
payments of, principal, interest and other fees and expenses
pursuant to any of the Financing Agreements, and "Debt Service
Account" means one of such Debt Service Accounts as the context
may require.
          "Debt Service Allocation Agreement" means the Amended
and Restated Debt Service Allocation Agreement dated as of
February 9, 1988, as hereafter amended, among the Producers.
          "Estimated Debt Service Percentages" has the meaning
set forth in Section 12.2.
          "Financing Agreement No. 1" means Bontang Capital
Projects Loan Agreement No. 1 dated as of September 10, 1986, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, entered into by the Bontang I
Trustee.
          "Financing Agreement No. 2" means Bontang Capital
Projects Loan Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, entered into by the Bontang I
Trustee.
          "Financing Agreement No. 3" means Bontang III Loan
Agreement dated as of February 9, 1988, as hereafter amended,
entered into by the Bontang III Trustee.
          "Financing Agreements" means, collectively, Financing
Agreement No. 1, Financing Agreement No. 2, Financing Agreement
No. 3 and any other agreement designated as a "Financing
Agreement" in a notice to the Bontang II Trustee from the
Producers.
          "Producers Agreement" means any agreement so entitled
among the Producers, or any of them, and lenders under a
Financing Agreement, as heretofore and hereafter amended.
          "Provisional Debt Service" means, with respect to any
Debt Service, payments by any Allocation Trustee to reimburse
Producers which have borne more than their respective Estimated
Debt Service Percentages of such Debt Service, together with
interest on the Reimbursement Amount from and including the date
of such Debt Service payment to, but not including, the date of
such reimbursement, at the rate equal to the weighted average of
the interest rates in effect under Financing Agreement No. 3 on
the date of such reimbursement.
          "Reimbursement Amount" means the amount of any
Provisional Debt Service payment other than the portion thereof
attributable to interest on said reimbursement amount.
          "Trust Agreements" means, collectively, this Agreement
and all Other Trustee and Paying Agent Agreements, and "Trust
Agreement" means one of such Trust Agreements as the context may
require.
          "Trustees" means the trustees under the Trust
Agreements and "Trustee" means one of such Trustees as the
context may require.
          12.2 Provisional Debt Service Payments.  The Debt
Service Allocation Agreement requires that the Accountants
calculate, and deliver to the Allocation Trustees from time to
time certificates setting forth, the Estimated Debt Service
Percentages for each Producer of the estimated amounts of each
type of Debt Service to be paid by the Borrowing Trustees and the
Contingent Support Trustees (the percentages last so certified as
to each period for each Producer being its "Estimated Debt
Service Percentages").  Each Trust Agreement to which a Borrowing
Trustee is a party provides that such Borrowing Trustee shall
promptly give notice to the Allocation Trustees of (i) each
payment into a Debt Service Account made by such Borrowing
Trustee, (ii) each transfer, payment or distribution from a Debt
Service Account of funds in excess of the amount required to be
held therein from time to time, (iii) each receipt by such
Borrowing Trustee of amounts from a disbursement trustee to which
the Producers are entitled, (iv) each payment of Debt Service of
which such Borrowing Trustee has been notified made by a Producer
pursuant to a Producers Agreement, and (v) the portion of each
such payment of Debt Service, whether made by such Borrowing
Trustee or a Producer, borne by each Producer, after taking into
account such Producer's interest in any excess funds transferred,
paid or distributed from any Debt Service Account and any amounts
received by such Borrowing Trustee from a disbursement trustee to
which the Producers are entitled.  Each Trust Agreement to which
a Contingent Support Trustee is a party provides for similar
notices.
          In the event that such notices received by the Bontang
II Trustee, together with the notices referred to in the last
sentence of this paragraph and all similar notices received from
other Allocation Trustees, considered in the aggregate, show at
any time that any Producers have borne more than their Estimated
Debt Service Percentages of Debt Service ("underpaid Producers"),
the Bontang II Trustee shall thereafter make Provisional Debt
Service payments to the underpaid Producers pro rata in
proportion to the excess amount borne by each such Producer, out
of all amounts otherwise payable under Article 6 to the Producers
which have borne less than their Estimated Debt Service
Percentages of such Debt Service until the Reimbursement Amount
of the aggregate Provisional Debt Service payments received by
each of the underpaid Producers from the Allocation Trustees
equals the excess amount of Debt Service borne by such Producer. 
The Bontang II Trustee shall promptly advise each other
Allocation Trustee of each such Provisional Debt Service payment
made by it.
          12.3 Debt Service Allocations.  The Debt Service
Allocation Agreement also requires that the Accountants
calculate, and deliver to the Allocation Trustees from time to
time certificates setting forth, the portion of Debt Service each
Producer should have borne of the Debt Service paid by the
Borrowing Trustees and the Contingent Support Trustees (the
amount last so certified as to each period for each Producer
being its "Aggregate Dollar Share") and the portion thereof which
has actually been borne by each Producer.  In the event that any
such calculations indicate that any Producers have borne more
than their Aggregate Dollar Shares of Debt Service during the
period in question ("underpaid Producers"), the Accountants are
required to instruct the Bontang II Trustee to pay to the
underpaid Producers, pro rata in proportion to the excess amount
borne by each such Producer, all amounts otherwise payable under
Article 6 to the Producers which have borne less than their
Aggregate Dollar Shares for the period in question until the
aggregate amount received by each of the underpaid Producers from
the Allocation Trustees (as shown by the notices referred to in
the last sentence of this paragraph and all similar notices
received from the other Allocation Trustees) equals the amount
stated in such instructions to be the excess amount borne by such
Producer.  The Bontang II Trustee shall  promptly advise each
other Allocation Trustee of each such payment pursuant to this
Section 12.3
          Upon receipt of any such instructions the Bontang II
Trustee shall give effect thereto commencing with the next
payments to Producers pursuant to Article 6.
          12.4 Insufficient Funds.  In the event that the funds
available for making the payments required by Sections 12.2 and
12.3 shall not be sufficient to make the payments therein
required in full, such funds shall be paid to the Producers
entitled to payments pursuant to such Sections pro rata in
proportion to the amounts payable to each such Producer
thereunder.
          12.5 Information.  The Bontang II Trustee shall furnish
the Accountants (with a copy to the Producers) with such
information as they may from time to time request, to the extent
such information is in the possession of the Bontang II Trustee,
as to Debt Service, Provisional Debt Service and other matters
stated by the Accountants to be necessary to enable them to
perform their functions under the Debt Service Allocation
Agreement in a timely manner.
<PAGE>
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized
signatories as of the date first above written.
PERUSAHAAN PERAMBANGAN
 MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
 NEGARA (PERTAMINA)

By   /s/______________________
     Name:____________________
     Title:___________________

VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

By   /s/ Paul T. Scott        
     
     Name: Paul T. Scott
     Title: Chairman and Chief
     Executive Officer

VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY

By   /s/ Robert W. Bland      
     Name: Robert W. Bland
     Title: President

UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN   
LIMITED

By   /s/ M. M. Markowitz       
     Name: Mike N. Markowitz
     Title: Treasurer

TOTAL INDONESIE

By   /s/ J. P. Benfils        
     Name: J. P. Benfils
     Title: Vice President Gas











CONTINENTAL BANK
INTERNATIONAL, as Bontang II
Trustee


By   /s/ John P. Keker     
     Name: John P. Keker
     Title: Senior Director

ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED

By   /s/ Robert W. Bland  
     Name: Robert W. Bland
     Title: Exec. Vice
     President


OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.

By   /s/ Charles C. J. Chu
     Name: Charles C. J. Chu
     Title: Executive Vice
     President


UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC.

By   /s/ Kosho Uno         
     Name: Kosho Uno
     Title: General Manager

UNOCAL INDOESIA, LTD.

By   /s/ Gene R. Ward     
     Name: Gene R. Ward
     Title: President &
     Managing
     Director

INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.

By   /s/ K. Ishikawa        
     Name: K. Ishikawa
     Title: General Manager
     (Acting)
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                       Page

DEFINITIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6

ARTICLE 1 RECEIPT OF INVOICES AND PAYMENTS
     WITH RESPECT TO LNG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13

     1.1  LNG Invoices and Related Calculations. . . . . . . .13
     1.2  Designation of Bontang II Trustee; Bontang II Trust
          Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .13
     1.3  Bontang II Accounts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14
     1.4  Proceeds Transfers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14
     1.5  Allocation of Amounts Received . . . . . . . . . . .15
     1.6  Amounts Received From Payment Trustee or Jilco . . .16
     1.7  Credits and Charges to Producer Accounts . . . . . .17

ARTICLE 2 DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO
          PROCESSING CHARGES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17

     2.1  Submission and Payment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
     2.2  Payment Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18

ARTICLE 3 TRUSTEE CHARGES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18

     3.1  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18
     3.2  Producers Obligations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18

ARTICLE 4 ALLOCATION OF PROCESSING CHARGES
          AND TRUSTEE CHARGES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19

     4.1  Ultimate Allocation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
     4.2  Charges Ultimately To Be Borne By Bontang II Base Load
          or Retained Accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
     4.3  Charges Ultimately To Be Borne By Bontang II Transfer
             Account . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20
     4.4  Adjusting Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20

ARTICLE 5 DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO OTHER CHARGES. . . . .21

     5.1  Submission and Payment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
     5.2  Payment Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
     5.3  Designation of Account to Pay. . . . . . . . . . . .21

                                                                       Page
ARTICLE 6 DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO 
          SHARING PERCENTAGES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22

     6.1  Approved Level of Working Capital; Sharing 
          Percentages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22
     6.2  Payment of Excess. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22
     6.3  Accountants. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23
     6.4  Arrangement for Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25
     6.5  Special Disbursement Instructions. . . . . . . . . .25
     6.6  Payment Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .26
     6.7  Receipt of Special Disbursements . . . . . . . . . .27

ARTICLE 7 DUTIES WITH RESPECT TO DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT
          AND PAYMENTS ACCOUNT AGREEMENT . . . . . . . . . . .27

     7.1  Terms of Related Agreements. . . . . . . . . . . . .27
     7.2  Reconciliation by Bontang II Trustee . . . . . . . .28

ARTICLE 8 PROCEDURES RESPECTING ACCOUNTS
          UNDER THIS AGREEMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29

     8.1  Accounting For Assets. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
     8.2  Payments Account Balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
     8.3  Reports. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
     8.4  Producer Accounts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .30

ARTICLE 9 INVESTMENT OF FUNDS HELD IN
          ACCOUNTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . .31

     9.1  Permitted Investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
     9.2  Prudence and Yield . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .32
     9.3  Interest Allocation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33

ARTICLE 10   CONCERNING THE BONTANG II TRUSTEE . . . . . . . .33

     10.1 Duties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
     10.2 Resignation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34
     10.3 Appointment of Successor . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34
     10.4 Application to Court . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34
     10.5 Successor Vested with Rights . . . . . . . . . . . .35
     10.6 Payments After Notice. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .35
     10.7 Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .35
     10.8 Trustee in Individual Capacity . . . . . . . . . . .35
<PAGE>
                                                                       Page

ARTICLE 11   MISCELLANEOUS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36

     11.1 Term . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36
     11.2 Disputes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36
     11.3 Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36
     11.4 Incumbency Certificates; Notices; Test Key
          Arrangements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .39
     11.5 No Amendment Except in Writing . . . . . . . . . . .41
     11.6 Section Headings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
     11.7 Governing Law. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
     11.8 Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41

ARTICLE 12   DEBT SERVICE ALLOCATION . . . . . . . . . . . . .41

     12.1 Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
     12.2 Provisional Debt Service Payments. . . . . . . . . .45
     12.3 Debt Service Allocations . . . . . . . . . . . . . .46
     12.4 Insufficient Funds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
     12.5 Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.36
<SEQUENCE>21
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG IV PRODUCERS AGMT.
<TEXT>




                                BONTANG IV

                            PRODUCERS AGREEMENT



                                    by


            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY
                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                              TOTAL INDONESIE
                          UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.
                         INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.


                                in favor of







                      THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.
                         as Agent for the Lenders
                              and as Lender,

                    and the other Lenders named herein




                        Dated as of August 26, 1991




                             TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                             PAGE

PART 1:   PRODUCERS' AGREEMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3

          1.1  Authorization of Borrowings . . . . . . . . 3
          1.2  Approval of Expenditures. . . . . . . . . . 4
          1.3  Rights to Bontang Plant and Improvements. . 4
          1.4  No Amendments, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   4
          1.5  Compliance with Agreements. . . . . . . . . 6
          1.6  Enforcement of Agreements . . . . . . . . . 7
          1.7  Operation of Bontang Plant. . . . . . . . . .                   7
          1.8  Replacement of Trustee. . . . . . . . . . . .                   7
          1.9  Indebtedness; Permitted Amounts . . . . . . .                  10
          1.10 Negative Pledge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  10
          1.11 Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  11
          1.12 Reserve Reports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  12
          1.13 Use of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  13
          1.14 Construction of Train F . . . . . . . . . . .                  13
          1.15 Notices Relating to Source of Debt Service 14
          1.16 Effect of Certain Events with Respect to 
               LNG Sales Contract. . . . . . . . . . . . .15
          1.17 Payment Instructions. . . . . . . . . . . .15
          1.18 Monitoring of Total Project Expenditures. .16
          1.19 Engineering Reports . . . . . . . . . . . .18
          1.20 Debt Service Accounts . . . . . . . . . . . .                  18
          1.21 Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18
          1.22 Financial Statements. . . . . . . . . . . .18

PART 2:   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . . . . . . . . .19

          2.1  Due Incorporation; Power and Authority. . .19
          2.2  Legal Action. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
          2.3  Restrictions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  19
          2.4  Registrations and Approvals . . . . . . . .20
          2.5  Agreement Binding; No Defaults. . . . . . .20
          2.6  Litigation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .20
          2.7  Compliance with Other Instruments, etc. . .21
          2.8  Other Agreements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  21
          2.9  Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  21
          2.10 No Encumbrance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  22
          2.11 No material Adverse Change. . . . . . . . .22




PART 3:   DEFAULTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .22

          3.1  Default Defined . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  22
          3.2  Remedy for Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  24
          3.3  Diversion and Remedy. . . . . . . . . . . . .                  25
          3.4  Liability Share Defined . . . . . . . . . . .                  26
          3.5  Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  27

PART 4:   INSURED LOSS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  27

          4.1  Effect of Total Loss of Additional Plant 
               Prior to Operational Acceptance . . . . . .27
          4.2  Effect of Total Loss of Bontang Plant . . . .                  28
          4.3  Insurance Shortfall . . . . . . . . . . . .30
          4.4  Other Losses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  30
          4.5  Loss of or Casualty to Additional Pipeline.31

PART 5:   SCOPE OF PRODUCERS' LIABILITIES. . . . . . . . .31

PART 6:   MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  32

          6.1  Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .32
          6.2  No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. . . . . . .33
          6.3  Assignment; Successors and Assigns;
               Participations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
          6.4  Amendments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  35
          6.5  Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  35
          6.6  Section Headings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  35
          6.7  Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  35
          6.8  Consent to Jurisdiction . . . . . . . . . . .                  36
          6.9  Severability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  37
          6.10 Reinstatement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  37
          6.11 Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  38

Schedule I     Liability Share Percentages






                                                                  
             <PAGE>
                                BONTANG IV
                            PRODUCERS AGREEMENT


                                                      Dated as of
                                                      August 26,
1991

The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., 
as Agent for the Lenders 
under the Loan Agreement

Dear Sirs:

          Each of the undersigned Producers confirms that it has
authorized and requested the Trustee to enter into the Loan
Agreement.  In connection therewith, the undersigned Producers
hereby confirm for your benefit and for the benefit of the other
parties to such Loan Agreement executing this Agreement, any
permitted successor or successors to your or their interests
thereunder and the holders of the Notes referred to in such Loan
Agreement the matters set forth below.
                                 * * * * *

          As used above and below in this Agreement, the following
capitalized expressions shall have the meanings set forth below,
such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of such expressions.

     "Approved Institutions" means the United States headquarters
or a United States branch of the following financial institutions:
(i) any branch or affiliate of Continental Bank International with
the power to act as Trustee or (ii) any other bank, trust company
or financial institution (in each case with trust powers) which (1)
has a net worth in excess of $100,000,000.00 or (2) has outstanding
debt securities rated A or better by Standard and Poors'
Corporation or its equivalent by Moody's Investors Service or
another nationally recognized rating agency in the United States.

     "Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof.

     "Default Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2
hereof.

     "Diversion" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof.

     "Diversion Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3
hereof.

     "EPC Contract" means the contract referred to clause (i) of
the definition of Construction Documents in the Loan Agreement.

     "EPC Contractor" means P.T. Inti Karya Persada Tehnik.

     "Gas Supply Area" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.12
(a) hereof.

     "Insurance Shortfall" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3
hereof.

     "Japanese Taxes" means any Taxes imposed by Japan or any
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein with
respect to any amount constituting Source of Debt Service.

     "Jilco" means Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd.

     "Liability Share" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4
hereof.

     "Loan Agreement" means the Bontang IV Loan Agreement, dated as
of the date hereof, among the Trustee, as borrower thereunder, the
Coordinators, Arrangers, Co-Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers,
Co-Managers, Lenders, Co-Agents and Agent parties thereto, as
hereafter amended.

     "1981 Development Agreement" means the Badak Expansion LNG
Facility Development Agreement dated as of June 10, 1981 between
Pertamina and Jilco, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Plant Insurance" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.11(b)
hereof.

     "Plant Insurance Proceeds" has the meaning set forth in
Section 1.11(b) hereof.

     "Production Sharing Contracts" shall mean the Production
Sharing Contracts specified in the definition of Production Sharing
Contract set forth in the Trust Agreement to the extent such
contracts relate to the supply of natural gas to the Bontang Plant.

     "Sub-Contractor" shall have the meaning given such term in the
EPC Contract.

     "Trustee" means Continental Bank International, as Bontang IV
Trustee under the Trust Agreement, and its successors thereunder
pursuant to Section 1.8 hereof.

     In addition to the definitions set forth above, and except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, capitalized expressions which
are defined in the Loan Agreement are used herein with the meanings
defined in the Loan Agreement, unless the context shall otherwise
specifically require.
                                 * * * * *
<PAGE>
                                  PART 1

                           PRODUCERS' AGREEMENTS

          Each of the Producers covenants to the Lenders solely as
to itself until payment in full of the principal of and interest on
the Notes and payment in full of all amounts owing under the Loan
Agreement at the time of such payment in full of such Notes, unless
compliance with the provisions of this Part 1 shall have been
waived by the Majority Lenders, to do and perform the following:

     1.1  Authorization of Borrowings.  Each of the Producers has
reviewed the Loan Agreement and has authorized and requested the
Borrower to enter into the Loan Agreement, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Trustee under the Trust Agreement, to make
and repay Borrowings, to pay interest on the Borrowings, to pay
other amounts and to perform the other obligation of the Borrower,
all of the foregoing under and in accordance with the terms of the
Loan Agreement.  For purposes of effecting each Borrowing, each
Producer other than Pertamina has duly authorized Pertamina and
designated Pertamina as its agent with full power and authority on
behalf of such Producer to authorize and request the Borrower to
effect such Borrowing or to designate an entity and individuals in
accordance with the Trust Agreement to do the same, or both. 
Pertamina agrees to perform on its own behalf, and on behalf of the
other Producers the obligations authorized pursuant to, and accepts
the designation contained in, this Section 1.1 and in the Trust
Agreement.

     1.2  Approval of Expenditures.  The Producers confirm that in
accordance with Article 10 of the Processing Agreement they have
made arrangements among themselves whereby, and the Producers
hereby covenant to the Lenders that, all invoices of project
creditors shall be approved or disapproved in good faith in
accordance with objective standards customarily followed in the oil
and gas industry in construction activities of the sort
contemplated.

     1.3  Rights to Bontang Plant and Improvements.  The Producers
agree that Pertamina shall exclusively hold and shall continue to
maintain title to the Bontang Plant, and all rights and interests
in and to the Bontang Plant, subject with respect to Pertamina's
rights and interests to rights and interests created under the
Basic Agreements and any nights and interests created in other par-
ties which do not adversely affect the processing of LNG thereat in
the amounts and in the manner contemplated by the Processing
Agreement for sale under the LNG Sales Contract, and Pertamina
agrees that it will not create, incur, or suffer to exist any
Encumbrances on the Bontang Plant, except for Encumbrances arising
pursuant to statute or otherwise by operation of law, which shall
be discharged in the ordinary course of business and shall not be
enforced by attachment or levy.

     1.4  No Amendments, etc.  Each of the Producers agrees:

          (a)  with respect to the Trust Agreement, such Producer
shall not (i) terminate or revoke such Trust Agreement, or (ii)
amend, modify, revise, supplement or waive any of the provisions of
Article 1, 4 or 9 or Section 2.1, 2.2, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 (other than
Section 3.3(i)) or 3.7 or the third sentence of Section 7.2 of the
Trust Agreement, in each case other than to permit the Borrower to
enter into Subordinated Indebtedness, or any other provision of the
Trust Agreement, if any such amendment, modification, revision,
supplement or waiver would or would be likely to affect adversely
the trust created under the Trust Agreement, the rights of the
Lenders under the Loan Agreement or Notes or the ability of the
Borrower to perform its obligations under such Loan Agreement or
Notes or (iii) change or agree to the change of the trustee
thereunder, except as contemplated by Section 1.8 hereof;

          (b)  with respect to each Basic Agreement, each
Production Sharing Contract and each Construction Document to which
it is a party, such Producer shall not (i) terminate or revoke such
Basic Agreement, Production Sharing Contract (except as provided in
the definition thereof) or Construction Document or (ii) amend,
modify, revise, supplement or waive any of the provisions of such
Basic Agreement, Production Sharing Contract or Construction
Document (x) if any such amendment, modification, revision,
supplement or waiver would or would be likely to, after giving
effect thereto, (A) cause the Debt Coverage Ratio under the Loan
Agreement at any time that amounts are outstanding thereunder to be
less than 1.5 or (B) conflict with or affect adversely the rights
of the Lenders under the Loan Agreement or Notes or the obligations
of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement, Notes or Trust Agreement
or conflict with or impair the obligations of the Producers
pursuant to this Agreement (other than an assignment permitted
pursuant to Section 6.3 hereof) or (y) if the Debt Coverage Ratio
already is, at the relevant time, less than 1.5 and if any such
amendment, modification, revision, supplement or waiver would or
would be likely to, after giving effect thereto, cause the Debt
Coverage Ratio to be reduced further;

          (c)   with respect to the LNG Sales Contract, Pertamina
shall not consent to the assignment or delegation by any of the
Buyers of such Buyer's rights or obligations under such LNG Sales
Contract;

          (d)   with respect to the Construction Documents,
Pertamina shall not consent to the assignment or delegation of any
of the rights or obligations of the EPC Contractor or the
Sub-Contractor other than (i) from the EPC Contractor to the
Sub-Contractor in accordance with the Construction Documents or
(ii) to subcontractors and suppliers in the ordinary course of
construction implementation; and

          (e)  with respect to the EPC Contract, Pertamina shall
not exercise its right to suspend performance pursuant to Section
20.1 of the EPC Contract for a period longer than 60 days from the
date of suspension specified in the applicable notice of suspension
delivered to the EPC Contractor, it being further agreed that
Pertamina shall promptly deliver to the Agent any notice of suspen-
sion delivered to the EPC Contractor and any further communications
between Pertamina and the EPC Contractor with respect thereto.

          Any consent of the Majority Lenders necessary to permit
any action otherwise prohibited by this Section 1.4 shall not be
unreasonably withheld.  Each of the Producers shall promptly
provide or cause to be provided to the Agent copies of any
agreement or document evidencing any amendment, modification,
revision, supplement or waiver of the Trust Agreement, any of the
Basic Agreements to which it is a party or any of the Construction
Documents to which it is a party (excluding change orders and
similar modifications or supplements arising in the ordinary course
of construction implementation) or of any provision of any thereof
not requiring the consent of the Lenders pursuant to this Section
1.4 and, in the case of an amendment to the Trust Agreement
providing for Subordinated Indebtedness with respect to amounts to
be held and distributed under the Trust Agreement, copies of the
proposed amendment not less than 10 Business Days prior to
execution thereof.

     1.5  Compliance with Agreements.  Each of the Producers agrees
that it will duly perform in a timely manner each obligation
contemplated to be performed by it under this Agreement and the
Trust Agreement, including, without limitation, (a) giving notices,
instructions, certificates (including, without limitation,
certificates as to the accuracy of the representations and
warranties set forth in this Agreement and the compliance by the
Producers with the terms of this Agreement), approvals and
communications necessary or appropriate in order (i) to effect
Borrowings, repayments and payments by the Trustee as Borrower
under and in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement and
(ii) to permit the Borrower to perform its other obligations under
the Loan Agreement, (b) providing financial and other information
to the Trustee to be supplied to the Lenders under and in
accordance with the Loan Agreement, and (c) giving of other
notices, instructions, approvals and communications contemplated by
the Trust Agreement.  Each of the Producers that is a party thereto
also agrees duly to perform its obligations under the Construction
Documents, the Production Sharing Contracts, the Supply Agreements
and the LNG Sales Contract, except in respects which are not
material and not likely to give rise to the assertion of a claim
for breach thereunder, and to perform in all material respects the
terms of the other Basic Agreements to which it is a party, as the
same may be amended from time to time as permitted by Section 1.4
hereof.

     1.6  Enforcement of Agreements.  The Producers agree that, if
the Borrower shall fail to perform any of its obligations under the
Trust Agreement, then the Producers shall give written notice to
the Borrower as promptly as practicable under the circumstances
demanding that all of the Borrower's obligations under the Trust
Agreement be immediately performed and simultaneously deliver a
copy of such notice to the Agent.  Each Producer shall promptly
enforce all legal rights it possesses against the Borrower to
compel performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the
Trust Agreement, and give notices from time to time to the Agent
with respect to the actions being taken.  Each of the Producers
that is a party thereto shall, with due diligence and in a
reasonable and prudent manner, enforce its rights (a) against the
EPC Contractor and the Sub-Contractor under the Construction
Documents, (b)  under the LNG Sales Contract, (c) under the Plant
Use Agreement and (d) under the Processing Agreement.

     1.7  Operation of Bontang Plant.  Those Producers that are
shareholders of P.T. Badak shall use their best efforts, as
shareholders, to cause P.T. Badak or any successor to P.T. Badak
under the Plant Use Agreement to operate the Bontang Plant in the
manner required pursuant
to the Plant Use Agreement and to perform its obligations under the
Processing Agreement in the manner required under the Processing
Agreement.

     1.8  Replacement of Trustee.

          (a)  The Producers may, with the prior written consent of
the Majority Lenders, and shall, if any of the circumstances set
forth in Section 1.8(b) hereof shall have occurred and be
continuing and if requested by the Majority Lenders, appoint one of
the institutions referred to in clause (ii) of the definition of
Approved Institutions, if any of the circumstances set forth in
Sections 1.8(b)(i), (ii) and (iii)(3) hereof shall have occurred
and, with respect to any other circumstance referred to in Section
1.8(b) hereof, appoint any institution other than a branch of the
Borrower referred to in such definition, as successor trustee under
the Trust Agreement, such appointment for purposes of this Agree-
ment to become effective upon the written confirmation by such
institution, solely in its capacity as successor trustee under the
Trust Agreement, of its assumption of the obligations of successor
trustee under such Trust Agreement and of the Borrower under the
Loan Agreement, all of the Notes and the Letter Agreement.

          (b)  The circumstances referred to in Section 1.8(a)
hereof are as follows:

               (i)  The Borrower, Continental Bank International
or Continental Bank N.A. or any successor trustee appointed
pursuant to this Section 1.8 shall:

                         (1)   make an assignment for the benefit
          of creditors; or
     
                         (2)  file a petition in bankruptcy,
          petition or apply to any tribunal or applicable
          regulatory authority for the appointment of a custodian,
          receiver, trustee or official with similar powers for it
          or a substantial part of its property or assets, or
          commence any case or proceeding under any bankruptcy,
          reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt,
          dissolution or liquidation or similar law or statute of
          any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect; or

                         (3)  if there shall have been filed any
          such petition or application, or any such case or
          proceeding shall have been commenced against it, indicate
          its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such
          petition, application, case or proceeding or any order
          for relief or the appointment of a custodian, receiver,
          trustee or official with similar powers or regulatory
          authority for it or any substantial part of any of its
          properties or assets, or suffer to exist any such case or
          proceeding in which an order for relief is entered, or
          suffer any such custodianship, receivership, trusteeship
          or jurisdiction of such similar official or regulatory
          authority to continue undischarged for a period of 30
          days or more; or
     
                         (4)  generally be unable to or generally
          fail to pay its debts as such debts become due; or

                         (5)  have concealed, removed, or permitted
          to be concealed or removed, any part of its property,
          with intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors or
          any of them, or made or suffered a transfer of any of its
          property which may be fraudulent under any bankruptcy,
          fraudulent conveyance or similar law or shall have
          suffered or permitted, while insolvent, any creditor to
          obtain an Encumbrance upon any of its property through
          legal proceedings or restraint which is not vacated
          within 30 days from the date such Encumbrance is created;
          or

                         (6)  take appropriate corporate action
          required to authorize any of the foregoing; or          
                                     

               (ii) The Borrower or any successor trustee appointed
pursuant to this Section 1.8 shall fail to perform any of its
obligations under the Trust Agreement; or

               (iii)     Continental Bank International shall:

                         (1)   cease to be a wholly-owned
          subsidiary of Continental Bank N.A.; or

                         (2)  dispose of all or substantially all
          of its assets; or

                         (3)  fail to pay principal of, or premium
          or interest on, any of its Indebtedness in a material
          amount when due for payment, whether by acceleration or
          otherwise, but after giving effect to all applicable
          grace and waiver periods provided for in the agreement or
          instrument creating or evidencing such Indebtedness; or

               (iv) Any suit, legal action or proceeding or
governmental investigation shall be commenced, or any Legal
Requirement shall be in effect, which questions the power,
authority or capacity of the Borrower, Continental Bank
International or any successor trustee under the Trust Agreement to
enter into the Trust Agreement, or to serve thereunder in
accordance with the terms thereof or to perform any material
obligation thereunder, or in the case of the Borrower, to enter
into the Loan Agreement or to perform any material obligation
thereunder.

     1.9  Indebtedness; Permitted Amounts.  The Producers shall
neither enter into, nor authorize or request the Borrower or any
other Person to enter into, financing agreements or otherwise
create, assume or become liable for, directly or indirectly, any
Indebtedness pursuant to any agreement that will charge or be paid
out of (x) the Source of Debt Service received by the Trustee prior
to its deposit in the Bontang IV Payment Account, except for (i)
all obligations and liabilities under the Loan Agreement, the Notes
and the Letter Agreement, (ii) any Subordinated Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Loan Agreement and (iii)
obligations in respect of Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to Section 6.4 of the Loan Agreement, or (y) any Borrowed
Amounts, except for the purposes for which such Borrowed Amounts
are borrowed.

     1.10 Negative Pledge.  The Producers shall not create or agree
to, or authorize or request the Borrower or other Person to create
or agree to, any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt Service prior to
its deposit in the Bontang IV Payment Account or on any Borrowed
Amounts, except any Encumbrance, if any, (a) arising pursuant to
the Trust Agreement or in favor of the holders of Indebtedness as
permitted in accordance with Section 1.9 hereof, (b) arising from
the assignments made in the Supply Agreements by Pertamina to the
other Producers of the production sharing percentages of such
Producers of amounts payable by the Buyers under the LNG Sales Con-
tract and certain other amounts as provided in the Supply
Agreements or (c) arising pursuant to statute or otherwise by
operation of law in connection with any transportation agreement
related to any LNG sales contract entered into pursuant to Section
1.16 hereof and discharged in the ordinary course of business.

     1.11 Insurance.

          (a)  Prior to operational acceptance of the Additional
Plant by Pertamina pursuant to the EPC Contract, Pertamina shall
maintain or cause to be maintained "All Risk" Builder's Risk
Insurance as required pursuant to the EPC Contract.

          (b)  Prior to operational acceptance of the Additional
Plant by Pertamina pursuant to the EPC Contract, Pertamina shall
maintain, or cause to be maintained, with respect to the Bontang
Plant excluding the Additional Plant and, upon and after such
operational acceptance, Pertamina shall maintain, or cause to be
maintained with respect to the Bontang Plant, property and casualty
insurance (the "Plant Insurance") on terms at least as favorable to
Pertamina as, and having coverage substantially similar to, the
policy furnished to the Agent prior to the date hereof and in an
amount which is the greater of (i) the sum of (x) the full
replacement value of the Bontang Plant, together with spare parts
relating to the Bontang Plant (which term shall mean, solely for
the purpose of this clause (i), the facilities referred to in the
policy delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.1(o)(i) of
the Loan Agreement) so long as such spare parts are within the
perimeter fences thereof, and (y) the maximum value of the
inventory forming a part of the Bontang Plant, in each case
determined by RDI Consultants or another independent surveyor
acceptable to the Majority Lenders (if such Plant Insurance in such
amount is available on commercially reasonable terms), or (ii) 125%
of the sum of (X) all amounts outstanding from time to time under
the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, plus (Y)
all other Indebtedness of any Person outstanding, the holders of
which, directly or indirectly, are entitled to share in the
proceeds of the Plant Insurance (the "Plant Insurance Proceeds")
prior to or on an equal and ratable basis within the Lenders (as
the Lenders' rights are determined under Section 4.1 hereof).

          (c)  All Plant Insurance shall be maintained with (i)
P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia, or (ii) so long as Indonesian law
requires that the relevant insurance be maintained with an
Indonesian insurance company, an Indonesian insurance company other
than P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia approved by the Majority Lenders,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, or (iii) if
Indonesian law changes to permit the relevant insurance to be
maintained with one or more non-Indonesian insurance companies, any
insurance company other than P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia approved
by the Majority Lenders.

          (d)  Pertamina agrees that all Plant Insurance shall have
Pertamina as a loss payee, and that no party other than Pertamina,
the other Producers and P.T. Badak shall be loss payee.  Pertamina
agrees that it will not create or agree to any assignment of or
security interest in the Plant Insurance Proceeds, or create any
right to receive the Plant Insurance Proceeds other than equally
and ratably with, or subordinated in right of payment to, the
rights of the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement in favor of any
Person other than the loss payees under the Plant Insurance, except
for the rights of Jilco pursuant to the 1981 Development Agreement.

          (e)  Pertamina shall, on the initial Borrowing Date,
provide to the Agent a true, correct and complete copy of the
policy or policies of insurance required by Section 1.11(a) and (b)
hereof and, as promptly as practicable in the circumstances (but in
no event later than 30 days) following the issuance thereof, true,
correct and complete copies of each subsequent policy or policies
of insurance required by Section 1.11(a) and (b) hereof.  Pertamina
shall also provide to the Agent as promptly as practicable under
the circumstances, each amendment, modification or waiver and each
notice of cancellation or termination with respect to each policy
of insurance required by Section 1.11(a) and (b) hereof (but in no
event later than 30 days following any such amendment, modification
or waiver or receipt of any such notice).

     1.12 Reserve Reports.

          (a)  The Producers agree that, if requested by the Agent,
they will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent the latest
reserve report or reports and any updates, modifications or
supplements thereto covering the areas of gas supply to the Bontang
Plant (the "Gas Supply Area") prepared by DeGolyer and MacNaughton
or another independent petroleum engineering consulting firm of
recognized standing in the petroleum industry qualified by
reputation and experience in the estimating of reserves of oil and
gas in subsurface reservoirs.

          (b)  Pertamina shall submit or cause to be submitted to
the Agent a copy of the Certificate and all supporting
documentation furnished to the Buyers pursuant to Section 3.2(a) of
the LNG Sales Contract together with a statement setting forth the
calculation of Seller's Gas Supply Obligation in the form delivered
to the Lenders prior to the date hereof pursuant to Section 5.1(n)
of the Loan Agreement, before committing additional natural gas
from the Gas Supply Area to sale or other utilization.

     1.13 Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Borrowings shall be
used solely for the payment of (i) the costs incurred or to be
incurred in connection with the design, engineering, procurement
and construction of or otherwise relating to Train F and (ii)
interest, fees, expenses, taxes and other amounts payable by the
Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.7, 2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and 10.6
of the Loan Agreement.

     1.14 Construction of Train F.

          (a)  Pertamina shall insure that Train F is constructed
and completed with due diligence and efficiency and in conformity
with sound administrative, engineering and financial practices.

          (b)  Pertamina shall deliver to the Agent (i) a quarterly
status report in reasonable detail concerning construction of Train
F, such report to include, but not be limited to, the cost incurred
to the end of such quarter and an estimate of costs required for
the completion and acceptance of Train F pursuant to the
Development Plan and Construction Documents and (ii) such other
information in respect of the construction of Train F as the Agent
may reasonably request, including the monthly report referred to in
Section 8.2 of Exhibit B to the EPC Contract.

          (c)  Pertamina shall not amend the Development Plan in a
manner that would result in a material increase in Pertamina's
expenditures or materially deviate, except to the extent such
deviation may be required to comply with Section 1.18 hereof, from
the Development Plan with regard to the construction, completion or
operation of Train F.

          (d)  Pertamina shall, if requested by the Agent, permit
representatives of the Agent, and designees appointed by the Agent
with the consent of Pertamina, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld, to visit the site of the construction of Train F to
review and examine the current status of the construction and
implementation thereof.

          (e)  Pertamina shall (i) promptly after it becomes aware
of such event, give notice to the Agent of any event or occurrence
that will, or would be reasonably likely to, delay the Start-up
until after March 31, 1994, (ii) promptly after it becomes aware of
such event or circumstance, give notice to the Agent of any event
or circumstance that will, or is reasonably likely to, prevent
deliveries during 1994 from being made in a manner which will
permit the Fixed Quantities specified for 1994 in the LNG Sales
Contract (as adjusted pursuant to Section 7.1(c) or Section 7.1(d)
of the LNG Sales Contract) to be delivered on a reasonably
evenly-spread basis, and (iii) give prompt notice of the occurrence
of the Start-up to the Agent and the Borrower.

     1.15 Notices Relating to Source of Debt Service.

          (a)  Pertamina shall inform the Agent by notice (with a
copy to the Borrower), promptly after the issuance thereof in final
form to the Buyers, of the annual and three-month loading date
schedules, and of actual loading information promptly after each
loading for sale and delivery of LNG related to the Source of Debt
Service.

          (b)  Pertamina shall give notice to the Agent promptly
after Pertamina learns (i) of any event or occurrence, in the
nature of force majeure, and any material dispute which could
reasonably be expected to affect adversely the amount or time of
receipt of the Source of Debt Service and (ii) that any default
under the LNG Sales Contract has occurred or will occur with the
giving of notice or lapse of time or both.  Pertamina shall
thereafter also inform the Agent of the status of such event at
reasonable intervals during the continuance thereof.

     1.16 Effect of Certain Events with Respect to LNG Sales
Contract.

          (a)  If (i) the LNG Sales Contract is terminated or (ii)
sales thereunder are suspended in respect of any of the Buyers or
an event of force majeure as to the LNG Tankers or a Buyer's
Facilities pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract shall occur and such
suspension of sales or event of force majeure shall be continuing
for a period of nine months, Pertamina shall make all reasonable
efforts to sell any LNG originally scheduled to be sold to any
affected Buyer pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract after the date of
termination or the end of such nine-month period, as the case may
be, which Pertamina reasonably anticipates will not be so sold
because of such termination, suspension of sales or event of force
majeure; provided, however, that, with respect to an event of the
type specified in clause (ii) of this subsection 1.16(a), Pertamina
shall not be obligated to enter into any other LNG sales contract
which Pertamina reasonably anticipates would cause it to be unable
fully to perform its obligations under the LNG Sales Contract upon
the cessation of such event of force majeure or suspension of
sales.

          (b)  Pertamina shall cause the proceeds of any
replacement sales made pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section
1.16 to be paid to the Trustee as if such sales had been made
pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract and shall authorize and request
the Borrower to execute and deliver an agreement providing for any
amendment of the definitions of Source of Debt Service and Gross
Invoice Amount required to cause such proceeds to be included
therein.

     1.17 Payment Instructions.

          (a)  Subject to Section 1.8 hereof, Pertamina hereby
agrees (i) to instruct each of the Buyers to pay all amounts
payable to Pertamina pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract (other than
any amounts paid to an escrow account pursuant to Section 10.6(ii)
thereof) to the Trustee, (ii) to instruct any escrow or similar
agent appointed pursuant to Section 10.6(ii) of the LNG Sales
Contract to pay to the Trustee any amounts paid into the escrow
account provided for in Section 10.6(ii) of the LNG Sales Contract
which are finally determined to be payable to Pertamina and (iii)
not to change such instructions or the designation of the Trustee
as the recipient of amounts which constitute the Source of Debt
Service payable thereunder.

          (b)  With respect to all other relevant Basic Agreements,
Pertamina has designated or shall designate, and agrees not to
change the designation of, the Trustee as the recipient of amounts
which constitute the Source of Debt Service payable thereunder.

     1.18 Monitoring of Total Project Expenditures.

          (a)  It is agreed that in preparing the Drawdown Schedule
originally included with the Loan Agreement, Pertamina excluded
therefrom discrete packages of Support Facilities having a value of
approximately $32,000,000.00, such packages of Support Facilities
having been separately identified in writing by Pertamina to the
Agent on behalf of the Lenders, it being further agreed that as
soon as Pertamina (i) shall have given a written notice to the
Buyers under the LNG Sales Contract which indicates sufficient LNG
will be delivered during the second quarter of 1994 to pay the
interest due on June 30, 1994 from the Source of Debt Service, the
Borrowings which would have been used for this purpose may be used
to pay for such Support Facilities and any other Support Facilities
excluded pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 1.18, if any, from
the Drawdown Schedule from time to time in effect; (ii) shall have
given a written notice to the Buyers under the LNG Sales Contract
which indicates sufficient LNG will be delivered during the first
quarter of 1994 to pay the interest due on March 31, 1994 from the
Source of Debt Service and shall have determined (by notice in
writing to the Agent) not to capitalize interest on March 31, 1994,
the Borrowings which would have been used for this purpose may also
be used as provided in clause (i); or (iii) shall have determined
(by notice in writing to the Agent specifying the particulars
involved) that expenditures actually required for Train F are less
than the amounts estimated therefor in the initial Drawdown
Schedule, Borrowings no longer required for Train F as so specified
may be used for such Support Facilities.  At such time or times as
the provisions of any of the foregoing clauses (i)-(iii) become of
effect, Pertamina on behalf of the Producers may instruct the
Borrower to effect such amendment or amendments of the Drawdown
Schedule as shall give proper effect thereto, it being a condition
of the effectiveness of any such amendment that Pertamina shall
have specified in writing to the Agent on behalf of the Lenders the
discrete packages of Support Facilities to be included within the
Borrowings contemplated by the Drawdown Schedule then in effect.

          (b)  In connection with the foregoing, Pertamina agrees
that, until each of clause (i) and clause (ii) of clause (a) of
this Section 1.18 shall become of effect, Pertamina will monitor
actual interest rate experience on a quarterly basis and together
with the updated Drawdown Schedule to be delivered under Section
2.2(e) of the Loan Agreement shall provide an analysis which indi-
cates the sum of expenditures for Train F plus Borrowed Amounts
from and including the initial Borrowing Date to and including June
30, 1994, assuming that Borrowings are made for the full amount of
all Support Facilities then included in the Drawdown Schedule and
that the interest rate from the last Interest Payment Date to have
occurred to June 30, 1994 will be the rate in effect for the cur-
rent Interest Period under the Loan Agreement.  If any such
analysis indicates that the total amount to be borrowed under the
Loan Agreement will exceed the Commitments then Pertamina shall
promptly arrange for expenditures for discrete packages of Support
Facilities, having been separately identified in writing by
Pertamina to the Agent on behalf of the Lenders, which have been
included in the initial Drawdown Schedule and which have an esti-
mated value not exceeding $16,000,000.00 to be made in a manner
which will ensure that payment of the amounts due under the Loan
Agreement on March 31, 1994 and June 30, 1994 may be made as
Borrowed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.2(b) of the Loan Agreement.

          (c)  Pertamina shall submit, or cause to be submitted to
the Agent, with reasonable promptness after the end of each
calendar quarter during the Availability Period, a summary
statement of its then estimate of the excess capacity of the
Bontang Plant to be contractually uncommitted on March 31, 1994
without taking into account the capacity of the Additional Plant
and the LNG Sales Contract.

     1.19 Engineering Reports.  Pertamina agrees and acknowledges
that it is the intention of the Lenders to have the reports
submitted by Pertamina pursuant to Section 1.14(b) hereof reviewed
on an ongoing basis by Merlin Associates or another independent
engineering firm of recognized standing in the construction
industry and acceptable to the Majority Lenders, with a view to the
provision to the Lenders of an annual commentary on the actual
progress of project implementation under the EPC Contract.  In
furtherance of the foregoing, Pertamina agrees that it shall
cooperate with such engineering firm to the extent reasonably
necessary to enable it to prepare such commentary.  Payment of the
fees and expenses of such engineering firm shall be the subject of
the Expenses Letter Agreement referred to in Section 10.6(c) of the
Loan Agreement.

     1.20 Debt Service Accounts.  Each of the Producers agrees with
respect to the Trust Agreement that, as long as moneys are held by
the Trustee in the Debt Service Account and Reserve Account, the
Lenders are, to the extent necessary to make payments in accordance
with the terms of the Trust Agreement of principal, interest and
other amounts due under the Loan Agreement, the Notes, and the
Letter Agreement, among those having a right, as provided under
Section 2.2 of the Trust Agreement, to receive disbursements
thereunder.

     1.21 Expenses.  To the extent that any amounts required to be
paid by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.6(a) and, prior to the
Completion Date, Section 10.6(b) or 10.6(c), of the Loan Agreement
are not paid when due, the Producers shall, following notice from
the Agent, promptly pay such amounts or otherwise cause such
amounts to be paid.

     1.22 Financial Statements.

          Each of the Producers agrees that it shall deliver to
each of the Lenders through the Agent, in respect of each fiscal
year of such Producer or, where applicable, of any Person
controlling such Producer which reports its financial condition and
results to the public, any annual financial statements of such
Producer or Person controlling such Producer made available to the
public, such delivery to be made as promptly as practicable after
such financial statements become available to the public.

                                  PART 2

                      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

          Each Producer makes the following representations and
warranties to the Lenders solely with respect to itself; provided,
however, that (i) each representation and warranty with respect to
any agreement that is dated on, as of or prior to the date hereof
is made as of the date hereof, (ii) each representation and
warranty with respect to any other agreement will be made as of the
date such agreement is entered into, (iii) each representation and
warranty with respect to any agreement is made only by those
Producers that are parties thereto and (iv) Pertamina is the only
Producer making the representation and warranty in Section 2.9
hereof.

     2.1  Due Incorporation; Power and Authority.  Such Producer is
a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its incorporation.  Such Producer has full
power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver, perform and
observe the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Trust
Agreement, each Production Sharing Contract, each Construction
Document and each Basic Agreement.

     2.2  Legal Action.  All necessary legal action has been taken
to authorize such Producer to execute and deliver and to perform
and observe the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Trust
Agreement, each Production Sharing Contract, each Construction
Document and each Basic Agreement.

     2.3  Restrictions.  There is no Legal Requirement and no
contractual or other obligation binding on such Producer,
including, without limitation, any of the Production Sharing
Contracts, any of the Construction Documents or any of the Basic
Agreements, that is or will be contravened (or, in the case of a
contractual obligation, in respect of which a breach has occurred
or will occur) by reason of the execution and delivery of or the
performance or observance by such Producer of any of the terms or
provisions of this Agreement or the Trust Agreement.

     2.4  Registrations and Approvals.  No registrations,
declarations or filings with, or consents, licenses, approvals or
authorizations of, any legislative body, governmental department or
government authority are necessary or required under any applicable
law for the due execution and delivery by such Producer, or for the
performance by such Producer, of this Agreement or the Trust
Agreement, or to assure the validity or enforcement hereof or
thereof with respect to such Producer, except such as have been
obtained, copies of which have been provided to the Agent in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
which remain in full force and effect.

     2.5  Agreement Binding; No Defaults.  This Agreement, the
Trust Agreement, each Production Sharing Contract, each
Construction Document and each Basic Agreement constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligations of such Producer enforceable
against it in accordance with each of their respective terms,
subject in the case of enforcement to any applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforce-
ment of creditors' rights generally and to equitable principles of
general application.  No Default by such Producer has occurred and
is continuing and no event has occurred or failed to occur in each
case pertaining to such Producer, the occurrence or non-occurrence
of which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would
constitute a Default.  Such Producer is not in violation of any of
its obligations under (i) the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Production
Sharing Contracts, the Supply Agreements and the LNG Sales
Contract, except for violations which are not material and are not
likely to give rise to the assertion of a claim for breach, and
(iii) the Basic Agreements (other than those referred to in the
immediately preceding clause (ii)) and the Construction Documents,
in any material respect.  Each Production Sharing Contract and each
Basic Agreement (other than the LNG Sales Contract) either has a
duration of at least the duration of the LNG Sales Contract or is
not by its terms scheduled to expire during such period.
     
     2.6  Litigation.  There is no suit, action, proceeding or
investigation pending against such Producer or, to the best of such
Producer's knowledge, threatened against such Producer, which (a)
questions the validity of this Agreement, the Trust Agreement, any
Production Sharing Contract, any Construction Document or any Basic
Agreement, or any material action taken or to be taken by such
Producer pursuant hereto or pursuant to any thereof, or (b) affects
materially and adversely or is likely materially and adversely to
affect (i) the amounts of the Source of Debt Service payable to the
Trustee under the LNG Sales Contract, or the right of the Borrower
to receive any such amounts under the Loan Agreement, (ii) the
Bontang Plant or Pertamina's interests therein or (iii) such
Producer's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement,
the Trust Agreement, any Production Sharing Contract, any
Construction Document or any Basic Agreement.

     2.7  Compliance with Other Instruments, etc.  Such Producer is
not in violation of any term of its charter or by-laws, or any term
of any agreement or any instrument to which it is a party or by
which it or any of its properties is bound or any Legal
Requirement, which violation would have a material adverse effect
on such Producer's ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, the Trust Agreement, any Production Sharing Contract,
any Construction Document or any Basic Agreement.

     2.8  Other Agreements. The Agent has been provided with true
and complete copies of the Development Plan, the Construction
Documents and the Basic Agreements, in each case as amended and in
effect on the date hereof.  Each Producer represents and warrants
that, to the best of its knowledge, no party to any of such
Construction Documents or Basic Agreements, other than any other
Producer, is in breach of any material obligation thereunder.

     2.9  Insurance. Insurance policies of the type required by
Section 1.11 hereof are in full force and effect, no default or
breach exists thereunder which would give rise to a right to cancel
the same, and no notice of default or breach or notice of
termination has been given to Pertamina with respect thereto.  On
or prior to the date of this Agreement, true, complete and correct
copies of such insurance policies have been delivered to the Agent.

     2.10 No Encumbrance.  There is no Encumbrance on the Source of
Debt Service prior to its deposit in the Bontang IV Payment Account
caused by such Producer, for which such Producer is responsible or
which relates to such Producer, except Encumbrances, if any, (i)
arising pursuant to statute or otherwise by operation of law, and
not pursuant to any agreement, which are not being enforced by
attachment or levy and which will be discharged in the ordinary
course of business or (ii) permitted by Section 1.10 hereof.


     2.11 No Material Adverse Change.  There has been no material
adverse change since May 4, 1991 in (i) the business, assets,
financial position or results of operation of such Producer which
affects materially and adversely, or would be likely to affect
materially and adversely, the performance by Pertamina of or the
ability of Pertamina to perform its obligations under the LNG Sales
Contract or (ii) the operation of the Bontang Plant.

                                  PART 3

                                 DEFAULTS

     3.1  Default Defined.  Each of the Producers agrees with the
Lenders that if any one or more of the following events shall occur
it shall be, so long as the same shall continue, a default
hereunder (a "Default"):

          (a)  a failure to comply with any of the provisions of
Section 1.1, 1.3, 1.4,  1.9, 1.10, 1.11, 1.17 or 6.3 hereof; or

          (b)  a failure to comply with any of the provisions of
Section 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.14(e), 1.15(b), 1.16, 1.18(b), 1.18(c),
1.21, 3.5 or 4.5 hereof for seven days after written notice of such
failure shall have been given to the Producers by the Agent; or

          (c)  a failure to comply with any of the provisions of
Part 1 hereof other than those referred to in Sections 3.1(a) and
(b) hereof for 30 days after written notice of such failure shall
have been given to the Producers by the Agent; or

          (d)  any representation or warranty made by any Producer
in this Agreement (including the representations contained in the
first paragraph following "Dear Sirs:" at the beginning of this
Agreement) or in any of the letters given by the Producers for
inclusion in the Information Memorandum dated July, 1991 relating
to the financing of Train F shall prove to have been incorrect or
misleading in any material respect as of the date when made; or 

          (e)  (i)  a failure by any of the Producers to pay
principal of, or premium or interest on, any of its Indebtedness in
an amount which is material in the context of this Agreement when
due for payment, whether by acceleration or otherwise, but after
giving effect to all applicable grace and waiver periods provided
for in the agreement or instrument creating or evidencing such In-
debtedness; or

               (ii) any of the Producers shall:

                    (1)  make an assignment for the benefit of
               creditors; or

                    (2)  file a petition in bankruptcy, petition
          or apply to any tribunal or applicable regulatory or
          governmental authority for the appointment of a
          custodian, receiver, trustee or official with similar
          powers for it or a substantial part of its property or
          assets, or commence any case or proceeding under any
          bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of
          debt, dissolution or liquidation or similar law or
          statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in
          effect; or

                    (3)   if any such petition or application
          shall have been filed, or any such case or proceeding
          shall have been commenced against it, indicate its
          consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such
          petition, application, case or proceeding or the
          appointment of a custodian, receiver, trustee or official
          with similar powers or regulatory or other governmental
          authority for it or any substantial part of its
          properties or assets, or suffer to exist any such case or
          proceeding in which an order for relief is entered, or
          suffer any such custodianship, receivership, trusteeship
          or jurisdiction of such official or regulatory or
          governmental authority to continue undischarged for a
          period of 60 days or more; or

                    (4)  generally be unable to or generally fail
          to pay its debts as such debts become due; or

               (iii)     a failure by P.T. Badak to comply with a
material term or provision of the Plant Use Agreement or the
Processing Agreement;

provided, however, that the effect of the occurrence of any of the
events or circumstances referred to in this clause (e) is to
affect, materially and adversely, the performance by Pertamina of
its obligations under the LNG Sales Contract or the ability of
Pertamina to perform such obligations; or

          (f)  any statement furnished to the Agent under any of
Sections 5.2(iii) or 6.1 of the Loan Agreement with respect to the
Debt Coverage Ratio, the Gross Invoice Amount or the Source of Debt
Service, as of the date of such statement, (i) was not prepared
based on information concerning amounts outstanding under the Loan
Agreement or the Notes which was complete and accurate in all
material respects or information concerning amounts of the Gross
Invoice Amount or the Source of Debt Service actually invoiced or
received which was complete and accurate in all material respects,
or (ii) was not prepared based on assumptions concerning future
periods which were approved by the Agent on behalf of the Majority
Lenders, or (iii) was delivered by the Producers in bad faith or by
the Borrower pursuant to a request or authorization of the
Producers given in bad faith.

     3.2  Remedy for Default.  If at any time during one or more
Interest Periods the effect of any one or more Defaults is to cause
the Source of Debt Service received by the Borrower and payable to
the Lenders to be insufficient to satisfy any payment obligation
when due under the Loan Agreement, any of the Notes or the Letter
Agreement (the difference between the amount of the Source of Debt
Service received with respect to any Interest Period by the
Borrower and payable to the Lenders under the Loan Agreement, any
of the Notes or the Letter Agreement and the amount which would
have been so received and payable but for such Default or Defaults,
the "Default Shortfall"), then each of the Producers which caused
or is responsible for such Default or to which such Default relates
shall be obligated to pay an aggregate amount to the Agent for the
account of the Lenders, on the dates when due during or at the end
of such Interest Period, in the manner and with the effect of
payments made by the Borrower as provided in the Loan Agreement,
the relevant Notes or the Letter Agreement, on account of its
Liability Share of the Default Shortfall, such that the net
aggregate amount received by the Agent for the account of the
Lenders, pursuant to this Section 3.2, after deduction of all Taxes
required to be deducted or withheld from, or otherwise paid by the
Lenders with respect to, such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes
required to be so deducted, withheld or paid solely to the extent
that the amount of such Excluded Taxes does not exceed the amount
of Excluded Taxes that would have been deducted, withheld or
otherwise paid by the Lenders, if there had been no Default
Shortfall, and the net amount were paid to, and received by, the
Lenders out of the Source of Debt Service), shall equal such
Producer's Liability Share of the Default Shortfall.

     3.3  Diversion and Remedy.  In addition to the Defaults
provided for in Section 3.1 hereof, if the effect during one or
more Interest Periods of (i) any claim asserted by, on behalf of,
or against any one or more of the Producers or any of its or their
property or any interest in any of its or their property, or
against the Source of Debt Service, including, without limitation,
claims asserted by any governmental or taxing authority, or by, or
on behalf of, any creditor, trustee in bankruptcy, custodian,
receiver or similar official or authority, or (ii) the imposition
of any Taxes, other than Japanese Taxes, on amounts payable under
the Supply Agreements or the LNG Sales Contract, in any such case
constituting Source of Debt Service, or on any other payment or
receipt of the Source of Debt Service (such a claim referred to in
clause (i) or imposition of such Tax referred to in clause (ii), a
"Diversion") is to cause the Source of Debt Service received by the
Borrower and payable during or at the end of any Interest Period to
the Lenders to be insufficient to satisfy any payment obligation
when due under the Loan Agreement, any of the Notes or the Letter
Agreement (the difference between the amount of the Source of Debt
Service received by the Borrower and payable to the Lenders under
the Loan Agreement, the relevant Notes or the Letter Agreement and
the amount which would have been so received and payable but for
such Diversion, the "Diversion Shortfall"), each of the Producers
which has caused or is responsible for such Diversion or to which
such Diversion relates, shall be obligated to pay an aggregate
amount to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, on the dates,
in the manner and with the effect of payments made by the Borrower
as provided in the Loan Agreement, the relevant Notes or the Letter
Agreement, on account of its Liability Share of the Diversion
Shortfall, such that the net aggregate amount received by the
Lenders pursuant to this Section 3.3, after deduction of all Taxes
required to be deducted or withheld from, or otherwise paid by the
Lenders with respect to, such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes
required to be so deducted, withheld or paid solely to the extent
that the amount of such Excluded Taxes does not exceed the amount
of Excluded Taxes that would have been deducted, withheld or
otherwise paid by the Lenders if there had been no Diversion
Shortfall, and the net amount were paid to, and received by, the
Lenders), shall equal such Producer's Liability Share of the
Diversion Shortfall.

     3.4  Liability Share Defined.  The "Liability Share" of a
Producer which caused or is responsible for a Default or a
Diversion or to which such Default or Diversion relates which has
given rise to a Default Shortfall or a Diversion Shortfall, as the
case may be, shall be with respect to such Default Shortfall or
Diversion Shortfall a percentage determined by dividing the per-
centage interest of such Producer (as set forth in Schedule 1
hereto and as adjusted for changes in Producers' Percentages as
defined in and pursuant to Sections 2.2, 2.4 and 2.5 of the Supply
Agreements or Production Sharing Percentages as defined in the
recitals thereto) by the aggregate percentage interest of all
Producers (as set forth in such Schedule 1 as so adjusted) which
have caused or which are responsible for such Default or Diversion
or to which such Default or Diversion relates.  With respect to the
imposition of Taxes referred to in Section 3.3 hereof, each
Producer shall be deemed to have caused the corresponding Diversion
to the extent of its percentage interest as shown in Schedule 1
hereto, adjusted as aforesaid.  Upon any adjustment to Schedule 1
hereto for any change in the Producers' Percentages or Production
Sharing Percentages referred to in this Section 3.4, the Producers
shall promptly provide the Agent with a copy of such Schedule I as
so adjusted.

     3.5  Notices.  Each Producer shall promptly, and in any event
not later than three Business Days after obtaining actual knowledge
thereof, give notice to the Agent of the occurrence of any Default
or Diversion caused by such Producer or for which it is responsible
or to which it is related or any event that, with the giving of
notice or the passing of time, or both, would constitute such a
Default or Diversion.

                                  PART 4

                               INSURED LOSS

     4.1  Effect of Total Loss of Additional Plant Prior to
Operational Acceptance.  If any event occurs for which insurance
proceeds are payable by an insurance company under any insurance
policy referred to in Section 1.11(a) hereof relating to an actual
total loss or a constructive, compromised or arranged total loss
(within the meaning of such policy) of the Additional Plant, Perta-
mina agrees, as follows:

          (a)  Pertamina shall, as promptly as possible in the
circumstances following such event, notify the Agent of the
occurrence of such event and shall, within six months following
such event, notify the Agent in writing whether or not it intends
to rebuild or reconstruct the Additional Plant.

          (b)  If Pertamina notifies the Agent that it does not
intend to rebuild or reconstruct the Additional Plant, it shall
promptly pay to the Agent such amounts as are instructed by the
Agent equal in the aggregate to the lesser of the aggregate amounts
outstanding under the Loan Agreement, Notes and Letter Agreement
and the aggregate amount of such proceeds paid to Pertamina in
respect of such event.


          (c)  If Pertamina notifies the Agent that it intends to
rebuild or reconstruct the Additional Plant, then it shall proceed
to do so diligently and in good faith and shall provide the Agent
with periodic written reports not less frequently than quarterly in
reasonable detail concerning the rebuilding or reconstruction and
including (i) the amount of insurance proceeds received under such
policy, (ii) the amount of funds expended to date on the rebuilding
or reconstruction, (iii) the proposed schedule for completion of
the construction work, and (iv) the progress of the construction
work to date.

          (d)  If, at any time prior to completion, Pertamina shall
terminate the rebuilding or reconstruction or shall not be
proceeding with such rebuilding or reconstruction diligently and in
good faith, then Pertamina shall be obligated to pay promptly to
the Agent such amounts as are instructed by the Agent equal in the
aggregate to the lesser of the amounts outstanding under the Loan
Agreement, the Note and the Letter Agreement and the aggregate
insurance proceeds which are paid to Pertamina under such policy in
respect of such event and not in good faith expended or committed
to be expended (pursuant to a commitment which cannot by its terms
be avoided) on such rebuilding or reconstruction.

     4.2  Effect of Total Loss of Bontang Plant.  If any event
occurs for which insurance proceeds are payable by an insurance
company under any insurance policy referred to in Section 1.11(b)
hereof relating to an actual total loss or a constructive,
compromised or arranged total loss (within the meaning of such
policy) of the Bontang Plant (which term, for purposes of this
Section 4.2, shall exclude the Additional Plant if such loss occurs
prior to operational acceptance of the Additional Plant by
Pertamina pursuant to the EPC Contract), Pertamina agrees as
follows:

          (a)  Pertamina shall, as promptly as possible in the
circumstances following such event, notify the Agent of the
occurrence of such event and shall, within six months following
such event, notify the Agent in writing whether or not it intends
to rebuild or reconstruct the Bontang Plant.

          (b)  If Pertamina so notifies the Agent that it does not
intend to rebuild or reconstruct the Bontang Plant, it shall
promptly pay to the Agent such amounts as are instructed by the
Agent in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of the share
referred to below of the total insurance proceeds that are paid to
Pertamina under such policy in respect of such event and the
aggregate amount outstanding under the Loan Agreement, Notes and
Letter Agreement after giving effect to any payment made pursuant
to Section 4.1(b) hereof.

          (c)  If Pertamina notifies the Agent that it intends to
rebuild or reconstruct the Bontang Plant, then it shall proceed to
do so diligently and in good faith, applying amounts equal to the
proceeds of the insurance to the extent required, and shall provide
the Agent with periodic written reports not less frequently than
quarterly in reasonable detail concerning the rebuilding or
reconstruction and including (i) the amount of insurance proceeds
received under such policy, (ii) the amount of funds expended to
date on the rebuilding or reconstruction, (iii) the proposed
schedule for completion of the construction work, and (iv) the
progress of the construction work to date.

          (d)  If, at any time prior to completion, Pertamina shall
terminate the rebuilding or reconstruction or shall not be
proceeding with such rebuilding or reconstruction diligently and in
good faith, then Pertamina shall be obligated promptly to pay to
the Agent such amounts as are instructed by the Agent in an
aggregate amount equal to the lesser of the share referred to below
of the total insurance proceeds that are paid to Pertamina under
such policy in respect of such event and not in good faith expended
or committed to be expended (pursuant to a commitment which cannot
by its terms be avoided) on such rebuilding or reconstruction and
the aggregate amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement, the
Notes and the Letter Agreement after giving effect to any payments
made pursuant to Sections 4.1(b) and 4.2(b) hereof.

          The share referred to in clauses (b) and (d) above of
such total insurance payments shall be (i) the total amount of such
payments minus the portion thereof payable to Jilco under the 1981
Development Agreement multiplied by (ii) a fraction the numerator
of which is the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness
outstanding under the Loan Agreement, Notes and the Letter Agree-
ment at the time amounts are payable to the Lenders under this
Section 4.2 and the denominator of which is equal to the sum of the
aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness outstanding under
the Loan Agreement and the aggregate principal amount of all
Indebtedness of any Person outstanding at such time, the holders of
which, directly or indirectly, are entitled to share in the Plant
Insurance Proceeds prior to or on an equal and ratable basis with
the Lenders (as the Lenders' rights are determined under this
Section 4.2).

     4.3  Insurance Shortfall.  If by reason of a failure of
Pertamina to comply with Section 1.11 hereof, the share of
insurance payments of the type referred to in Sections 4.1.(b) and
(d) and 4.2(b) and (d) hereof is insufficient to pay in full all
principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Loan
Agreement, the Notes and all amounts payable under the Letter
Agreement (the amount of such insufficiency, an "Insurance
Shortfall"), Pertamina shall be obligated to pay the amount of the
Insurance Shortfall to the Agent for the account of the Lenders in
such amounts as are instructed by the Agent on the dates, in the
manner of and with the effect of payments made by the Borrower as
provided in the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement,
such that the net amount received by the Lenders, pursuant to this
Section 4.3, after deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted
or withheld from, or otherwise paid by the Lenders, with respect
to, such payment (but excluding Excluded Taxes required to be so
deducted, withheld or otherwise paid solely to the extent that the
amount of such Excluded Taxes does not exceed the amount of
Excluded Taxes that would have been deducted, withheld or otherwise
paid by the Lenders if there had been no Insurance Shortfall, and
the net amount were paid to, and received by, the Lenders out of an
amount equal to such share of insurance), shall equal the Insurance
Shortfall.

     4.4  Other Losses.  Upon a partial loss of the Additional
Plant or the Bontang Plant, as the case may be, or a total loss
with respect to which Pertamina has not given notice pursuant to
Section 4.1 or 4.2 hereof that it intends not to rebuild and if
Pertamina has not applied amounts equal to the insurance proceeds
paid to Pertamina to repayment of the Indebtedness outstanding
under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement in the
manner contemplated by Sections 4.1 and 4.2 hereof, Pertamina shall
proceed to rebuild or reconstruct the Additional Plant or the
Bontang Plant, as the case may be, diligently and in good faith
applying amounts equal to the proceeds of the insurance referred to
in Section 1.11(a) or (b), as the case may be, to the extent
required and shall provide the Agent with the periodic reports
described in clause 4.1(c) or 4.2(c) hereof, as the case may be, as
provided in such clause.

     4.5  Loss of or Casualty to Additional Pipeline.  If, at any
time after the operational acceptance of the Additional Pipeline,
there shall occur any damage, casualty or destruction of or to the
Additional Pipeline, Pertamina shall promptly proceed to repair,
replace, reconstruct or otherwise remedy the Additional Pipeline or
any damage or casualty thereto, as the case may be, with due
diligence and efficiency and in conformity with sound
administrative, engineering and financial practices.

                                  PART 5

                      SCOPE OF PRODUCERS' LIABILITIES

          Except as stated in Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and Part 4
hereof and then only to the limited extent specifically stated
therein, no recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal
of or interest on the Notes or the payment of any other amounts due
under the Loan Agreement or the Letter Agreement, or shall be had
for any claim based on any provision of the Notes, the Loan
Agreement or the Letter Agreement, against any of the Producers, or
against any past, present or future stockholder, officer, director,
employee, or agent of any of the Producers, either directly or
through the Borrower or any successor of the Borrower, or under the
Trust Agreement, or under any constitution, statute or rule of law
or by the enforcement of any assessment, or otherwise, and, except
as above provided, no such Person shall have any personal
obligation, liability or duty whatsoever to the Agent, the
Co-Agents, the Coordinators, the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers, the
Lead Managers, the Managers, the Co-Managers, the Risk Participant,
the Risk Co-Participants or any of the Lenders or any holders of
the Notes or anyone else for or with respect to any such payment,
the performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement
contained in the Loan Agreement, the Letter Agreement, the Trust
Agreement or this Agreement or the truth, accuracy or completeness
of any statement or representation made in or pursuant to any such
document.  Furthermore, the obligations of the Producers hereunder
are several, and not joint or joint and several, and there shall be
no recourse to any Producer by any Person party to the Loan
Agreement or the Letter Agreement or by any holder of a Note or
otherwise for any liability of another of the Producers which may
have arisen hereunder, it being expressly agreed and understood,
however, that the failure of a Producer to perform its obligations
under this Agreement shall not relieve, any other Producer of its
obligations hereunder.

          The Agent, each Co-Agent, each Coordinator, each
Arranger, each Co-Arranger, each Lead Manager, each Manager, each
Co-Manager, the Risk Participant, each Risk Co-Participant, each
Lender, each holder of any of the Notes and each other Person
relying on or purporting to rely on the terms of this Agreement in
adopting any course of action shall be bound by the terms of this
Part 5 of this Agreement to the same extent as if its written
acceptance of the terms hereof were subscribed hereto.

                                  PART 6

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     6.1  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands or other
communications to or from the parties hereto shall be given or made
by telex, facsimile or by personal delivery, and shall be deemed to
have been duly given and made, in the manner provided in Section
10.1 of the Loan Agreement.  Any such notice, request, demand or
communication shall be sent in the case of each Producer to its
address, telex number and answerback or facsimile number set forth
on the signature pages hereof or, where applicable, to the
designated representative of such Producer as set forth below; or
in each case with respect to any party to such other address, telex
or facsimile number as such party may designate for the purpose by
written notice to the party sending such notice, request, demand or
communication.

          In the case of notices and other communications for
Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Virginia
International Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., such
notices and communications shall be sent to Virginia Indonesia
Company, which shall be designated the representative of the
Producers specified in this paragraph for such purpose.

          In the case of notices and other communications for Total
Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., such notices and
communications shall be sent to Total Indonesie, which shall be
designated the representative of the Producers specified in this
paragraph for such purpose.

          In the case of notices and other communications for
Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., such notices
and communications shall be sent to Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., which
shall be designated the representative of the Producers specified
in this paragraph for such purpose.

          A new or successor representative for the purpose
referred to in each of the preceding three paragraphs may be
designated by notice to such effect signed by all the relevant
Producers if given to the Agent 10 days in advance of any such
change.  Until receipt of any such notice, the Agent may rely on
any notice or other communication to the representative as being
notice to each such Producer.

     6.2  No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.  No failure to exercise
and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Person having rights
hereunder, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as
a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege.  Subject always to the provisions of Part 5 hereof, the
rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

     6.3  Assignment; Successors and Assigns; Participations.  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
Coordinators, the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers, the Lead Mangers,
the Managers, the Co-Managers, the Lenders, the Co-Agents, the
Agent and the holders from time to time of the Notes and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, in each case to the
extent that the provisions of the Loan Agreement and Letter
Agreement inure to the benefit of such Persons and their respective
successors and permitted assigns thereunder, and except as
specifically set forth in this Section 6.3, no Person shall have or
acquire any right or benefit hereunder or in respect of any
obligation of any Producer herein contained.  Except for the
assignments prior to the date hereof pursuant to the Supply Agree-
ments by Pertamina to the other Producers of the production sharing
percentages of such Producers in amounts payable by the Buyers
under the LNG Sales Contract and certain other amounts as specified
in the Supply Agreements, no Producer may assign any rights or
delegate any obligations hereunder or assign any rights in or to
the Source of Debt Service prior to deposit in the Bontang IV
Payment Account without the written consent of the Majority
Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld; provided
that if another corporation, or other entity wholly owned by or an
agency of the Republic of Indonesia should succeed to all rights
and obligations of Pertamina under the Trust Agreement, the
Construction Documents and all of the Basic Agreements to which it
is a party, Pertamina may assign all of its rights and delegate all
of its obligations hereunder to such other corporation, entity or
agency, such assignment and delegation to become effective upon
such Person's written assumption (a copy of which shall be provided
to the Agent and which shall confirm the assignment of rights and
the assumption of obligations by such Person under the Trust
Agreement, the Construction Documents and the Basic Agreements to
which the assignor is a party) of all of Pertamina's obligations
hereunder including, without limitation, the restrictions on
assignments and delegations contained in this Section 6.3 which
shall apply to all assignees of the rights and delegees of the
obligations of Pertamina and its assignees and delegees; and
provided further that any Producer other than Pertamina may assign
its rights and delegate its obligations hereunder and assign its
rights with respect to the Source of Debt Service prior to deposit
in the Bontang IV Payment Account, to the extent of and in
conjunction with the assignment of its rights and the delegation of
obligations under the Trust Agreement, the Production Sharing
Contracts and the Basic Agreements, in each case to which it is a
party, such assignment and delegation to become effective upon such
Person's written assumption (a copy of which assumption shall be
provided to the Agent and which shall confirm to the extent
provided in such assignment and delegation the assignment of rights
and the assumption of obligations by such Person under the Trust
Agreement, the Production Sharing Contracts and the Basic
Agreements, in each case to which the assignor is a party) of such
Producer's obligations hereunder including, without limitation, the
restrictions on assignments and delegations contained in this
Section 6.3 which shall apply to all assignees of the rights and
delegees of the obligations of such Producer and its assignees and
delegees.  The Producers may treat each Lender as the holder of the
Note or Notes drawn to its order and delivered to such Lender until
written notice of transfer shall have been received by them.  All
agreements, representations and warranties made herein shall
survive the making of any such transfer hereunder by any Lender. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender may grant
participations, in whole or in part, in its rights under this
Agreement to the extent that it may grant participations in its
rights under the Loan Agreement, Notes and Letter Agreement.

     6.4  Amendments.  Any provision of this Agreement may be
amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or waiver shall
be in writing and signed (including the form of signatures on any
telex, cable or facsimile with appropriate confirmed answerback,
cable or facsimile copy duly sent by the Person so amending or
waiving) by the Producers, the Agent and the Majority Lenders;
provided that any waiver need only be signed by the party granting
the waiver.  Any such amendment or waiver shall be signed by the
Agent on behalf of the Lenders if the Agent has been so authorized
in writing or by telex or cable by the Majority Lenders.  Any
amendment or waiver signed by the Agent in accordance with the
preceding sentence shall be binding upon the Lenders and any holder
of a Note.

     6.5  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete sets of
counterparts shall be lodged with the Agent and Pertamina.

     6.6  Section Headings.  The Section headings in this Agreement
are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored
in construing this Agreement.

     6.7  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York,
United States of America, applicable to agreements made and to be
performed entirely within such state.

     6.8  Consent to Jurisdiction.

          (a)  Solely for purposes of this Agreement, to the extent
it may do so under applicable law, each Producer hereby irrevocably
consents that any suit, legal, action or proceeding against it or
any of its property with respect to any of the obligations arising
under this Agreement may be brought in any New York state court
located in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York or
any federal court of the United States of America located in the
Southern District of New York, as any Lender or the Agent may
elect, and by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each
Producer hereby irrevocably submits to and accepts, solely as
aforesaid, with regard to any such suit, legal action or
proceeding, for itself and in respect of its property, generally
and unconditionally, the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
aforesaid courts.  Each Producer hereby irrevocably designates,
appoints and empowers CT Corporation System, 1633 Broadway, New
York, New York 10019 as its agent to receive for and on its behalf
service of process in New York in any suit, legal action or
proceeding with respect to this Agreement.  It is understood that
a copy of any such process served on such agent shall be promptly
forwarded by airmail by the Person commencing such suit, legal
action or proceeding to the relevant Producer at its address set
forth on the signature pages hereof, but the failure of the
relevant Producer to receive such copy shall not affect in any way
the service of such process as aforesaid.  If service of process
cannot be effected in the foregoing manner, each Producer further,
solely as aforesaid, irrevocably consents to the service of process
in any such suit, legal action or proceeding by the mailing of
copies thereof by registered or certified airmail, postage prepaid,
return receipt requested, to the respective Producer at its address
set forth on the signature pages hereof.  The foregoing, however,
shall not limit the right of the Lenders to serve process in any
other manner permitted by law or to bring any suit, legal action or
proceeding or to obtain execution of judgment in any other
jurisdiction.

          (b)  Solely as aforesaid, to the extent it may do so
under applicable law, each Producer hereby irrevocably waives any
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
of any suit, legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement in any court located in the Borough of Manhattan,
City and State of New York and hereby further irrevocably waives
any claim it may now or hereafter have that a court located in the
Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York is not a
convenient forum for any such suit, legal action or proceeding. 
Pertamina represents and warrants that this Agreement and its
obligations made hereunder and the transactions contemplated hereby
constitute commercial rather than public or governmental acts. 
Each Producer other than Pertamina represents and warrants that it
is not entitled to claim immunity from legal proceedings with
respect to itself or any of its property on the grounds of
sovereignty or otherwise under any law or in any jurisdiction where
an action may be brought for the enforcement of any of the
obligations arising under this Agreement or the Trust Agreement. 
To the extent that any Producer or any of its property or the
Source of Debt Service, prior to deposit in the Bontang IV Payment
Account has or hereafter may acquire any claim of right to immunity
from set-off, legal proceedings, attachment prior to judgment,
other attachment, levy or execution of judgments on the grounds of
sovereignty or otherwise, to the extent it may do so under
applicable law each Producer on behalf of itself and any
successors,  solely as aforesaid, hereby irrevocably waives such
claim of right to immunity for itself and its property in respect
of its obligations arising under this Agreement and the Trust
Agreement and each Producer agrees that it will not assert any such
right to immunity in any way which would impair the performance or
ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan
Agreement.

     6.9  Severability.  If any one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement or any document executed in connection
herewith shall be invalid, illegal or enforceable in any respect
under any applicable law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be in any
way affected or impaired.

     6.10 Reinstatement.  The obligations of the Producers to make
payments under this Agreement shall continue to be effective or
shall be reinstated, as the case may be, if, at any time, a payment
or any part thereof, of any amount paid to a Lender in respect of
which a Producer is obligated to make payment hereunder is
rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the Lender
upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower
or for any other reason, all as though such payment had not been
made.

     6.11 Confidentiality.  No copy of (a) this Agreement, the Loan
Agreement or the Trust Agreement or (b) any other agreement to
which any Producer or the Trustee is a party or any document signed
or issued by or on behalf of any such Producer, which agreement or
document is identified by any Producer to the Agent as confiden-
tial, shall, without Pertamina's consent for the agreements
referred to in clause (a), or the consent of the relevant Producer
for agreements or documents referred to in clause (b), be released
or otherwise delivered by or on behalf of any of the Coordinators,
the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers, the Lead Managers, the Managers,
the Co-Managers, the Risk Participant, the Risk Co-Participants,
the Co-Agents, the Agent or any Lender to any third party, except,
prior to the Effective Date, to any prospective lender in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to a
confidentiality undertaking in a form approved by the Producers on
or prior to the date hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
agreements and documents referred to in the preceding sentence may
be released to bank regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over
the Lender, as may otherwise be required by law and to any
prospective transferee of or participant in the rights of any of
the Lenders under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and this Agreement
upon execution by such Person of a confidentiality undertaking in
a form substantially similar to that approved by the Producers on
or prior to the date hereof.  No public announcement or statement
or publication relating to any of the foregoing shall be made or
released by or on behalf of any of the Coordinators, the Arrangers,
the Co-Arrangers, the Lead Managers, the Managers, the Co-Managers,
the Risk Participant, the Risk Co-Participants, the Co-Agents, the
Agent or any Lender, without the prior written approval of the
Producers.
<PAGE>
                                 * * * * *

          The undersigned Producers have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed by their respective duly authorized signatories as
of the date hereof.





Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1A
Jakarta - Indonesia     
Telex No.:  44441/44134
Answerback:  PERTA JKT/
          PERTA IA
Facsimile No.: 62-21-720-0300
Attention Director of Finance

(Copy to Attention:
Director of Processing)


One Houston Center
1221 McKinney - Suite 651
Houston, Texas  77010
U.S.A.
Telex No.:  713-166-100
Answerback:  VICO HOU
Facsimile No.:  713-754-6697
Attentin:  Treasurer


2801 Post Oak Blvd. - 
  Suite 300
Houston, Texas  77056
U.S.A.
Telex No.:  168793
Answerback: OPICOIL HOU
Facsimile No.: 1-713-297-8108
Attention:     Executive Vice
          President
<PAGE>
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
 MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NERGARA
 (PERTAMINA)

By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:







VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

By
/s/__________________________
Name:
Title:





OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.

By
/s/__________________________
Name:
Title:
<PAGE>

120 White Plains Road
P.O. Box 2010
Tarrytown, New York 10591-9010
U.S.A.
Telex No.:  179094
Answerback:  AMULT UT
Facsimile No.: 1-914-332-0807
Attention:  President


c/o American Ultramar Limited
120 White Plains Road
P.O. Box 2010
Tarrytown, New York  10591
U.S.A.
Telex No.:  178999
Answerback:  AMULT UT
Facsimile No.: 1-914-332-0807
Attention:     Executive Vice
          President




P. O. Box 2120
Houston, Texas  77252-2120
U.S.A.
Telex No.:  775255
Answerback:  UNOTEX PET HOU
Facsimile No.: 1-713-968-2771
Attention:  President

Akasaka Twin Tower, East Wing
17-22, Akasaka 2-Chome
Minato-ku, Tokyo 107, Japan
Telex No.:  J25408
Answerback:  JAPEXTOK
Facsimile No.: 81-3-3585-1486
Attention:     General Manager
               of
          Business Department



VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL 
COMPANY

By
/s/___________________________
__
Name:
Title:





ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED

By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:








UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
LIMITED

By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:


UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC.

By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>
P. O. Box 1010
Jakarta 10010
Indonesia
Telex No.:  44108
Answerback:  TOTAL JKT
Facsimile No.: 62-21-520-0834
Attention:  President


10th Floor, Toranomon 37
Mori Building
No. 5-1, Toranomon 3-Chome
Minato-ku, Tokyo 105, Japan
Telex No.: 2424210
Answerback:  JAIPEX J
Facsimile No.: 81-3-3434-1603
Attention:  General Manager of
Marketing


Ratu Plaza Office Tower
7th Floor
Jalan Jenderal Sudirman
Jakarta, Indonesia
Telex No.:  47335
Answerback:  UNOCAL IA
Facsimile No.: 62-21-720-4499
Attention:  President

Accepted:

THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.
   As Agent


By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:





TOTAL INDONESIE


By
/s/__________________________
Name:
Title:




INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.


By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:





UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.


By
/s/___________________________
Name:
Title:

















<PAGE>
THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK, LTD.


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


THE MITSUI TAIYO KOBE BANK
   LIMITED


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>
THE SANWA BANK, LIMITED


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


UNION DE BANQUES SUISSES
   (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


CREDIT LYONNAIS S.A.


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

<PAGE>
THE MITSUBISHI TRUST AND
   BANKING CORPORATION


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


NMB POSTBANK GROEP N.V.

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE SUMITOMO BANK, LIMITED

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


SWISS BANK CORPORATION

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


<PAGE>
BANQUE PARIBAS


By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE DAIWA BANK LIMITED

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


DEUTSCHE BANK AG

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


DRESDNER BANK AG

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


SOCIETE GENERALE

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:
<PAGE>
THE TOKAI BANK, LIMITED

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE NIPPON CREDIT BANK, LTD.

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

BBL FINANCE IRELAND

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE TOYO TRUST AND BANKING
   COMPANY, LTD.

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

BANCO ESPANOL DE CREDITO

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:
<PAGE>
GENERALE BANK

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

THE LONG TERM CREDIT BANK OF
   JAPAN, LTD.

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

CREDIT NATIONAL

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:


THE KIYO BANK, LTD.

By /s/________________________
Name:
Title:

<PAGE>
                                                                 Schedule 1

                        Liability Share Percentages


                                                      Pre-Tax
                                                     Percentage
                                                    Interest (%)

Pertamina                                           20.4545%
OPICOIL Houston, Inc.                                3.9773%
Virginia International Company                       3.1072%
Virginia Indonesia Company                           1.4915%
Ultramar Indonesia Limited                           5.2202%
Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited                  5.2202%
Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.                     0.8700%
Total Indonesie                                     25.8522%
Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.                               3.9773%
Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.                           29.8296%

                                                   100.0000%

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>22
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG IV TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGMT.
<TEXT>





                                BONTANG IV

                    TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT

                                   among


            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                (PERTAMINA)



                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY
                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                              TOTAL INDONESIE
                          UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.
                         INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.


                                    and


                      CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL





                        Dated as of August 26, 1991







<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       PAGE

ARTICLE 1: DEFINED TERMS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

ARTICLE 2: RECEIPT OF PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT TO LNG . . . . . .15

2.1 Designation of Bontang IV Trustee and 
    Bontang IV General Account . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
2.2  Bontang IV Trust Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
2.3  Allocation of Amounts Received. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   16

ARTICLE 3: POWER TO BORROW AND ENTER INTO INTEREST 
           RATE SWAPS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17

3.1        Enumeration of Powers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .17
3.2        Accumulation of Debt Service. . . . . . . . . . . .19
3.3        Payment of Debt Service . . . . . . . . . . . . . .25
3.4        Borrowing Instructions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
3.5        Disbursement Trust; Payment Instructions. . . . . .32
3.6        Duties of Bontang IV Trustee with 
           Respect to Instructions . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34
3.7        Bontang IV Depositaries . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34

ARTICLE 4: ESTABLISHMENT OF BONTANG IV PAYMENT ACCOUNT . . . .35

4.1        Bontang IV Payment Account. . . . . . . . . . . . .35
4.2        Funds to be Deposited . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36

ARTICLE 5: DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO PROCESSING CHARGES. .36

5.1        Submission and Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36
5.2        Payment Procedures. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .36

ARTICLE 6: DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO OTHER CHARGES . . . .37

6.1        Submission and Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37
6.2        Payment Procedures. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37

ARTICLE 7: DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO SHARING 
           PERCENTAGES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37

7.1        Approved Level of Working Capital; Sharing
           Percentages . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37
7.2        Charging of Amounts Payable; Payment of Excess. . .38
7.3        Accountants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .38
7.4        Arrangements for Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . .40

                                                                       PAGE
7.5        Special Disbursement Instructions . . . . . . . . .40
7.6        Payment Procedures. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  41
7.7        Receipt of Special Disbursements. . . . . . . . . .41

ARTICLE 8: PROCEDURES RESPECTING ACCOUNTS UNDER 
           THIS AGREEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41

8.1        Accounting for Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
8.2        Reports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .42
8.3        Producer Accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .43

ARTICLE 9: INVESTMENT OF FUNDS HELD IN ACCOUNTS UNDER
           THIS AGREEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .43

9.1        Permitted Investments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .43
9.2        Prudence and Yield. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .45
9.3        Interest Allocation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .45

ARTICLE 10:   CONCERNING THE BONTANG IV TRUSTEE. . . . . . . .45

10.1       Duties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .45
10.2       Compensation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .46
10.3       Resignation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .46
10.4       Appointment of Successor. . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
10.5       Application to Court. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
10.6       Successor Vested with Rights. . . . . . . . . . . .47
10.7       Payments After Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
10.8       Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .48
10.9       Trustee in Individual Capacity. . . . . . . . . . .48

ARTICLE 11:   DEBT SERVICE ALLOCATION. . . . . . . . . . . . .48

11.1       Debt Service Allocation Definitions . . . . . . . .48
11.2       Estimated Debt Service Percentages. . . . . . . . .51
11.3       Aggregate Dollar Share. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .52
11.4       Pro Rata Treatment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .53
11.5       Income From the Disbursement Trust. . . . . . . . .53

ARTICLE 12:   MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .53

12.1       Counterparts; Term. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .53
12.2       Disputes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .53
12.3       Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .54
12.4       Incumbency Certificates; Notices. . . . . . . . . .56
12.5       No Amendment Exception Writing. . . . . . . . . . .58
12.6       Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .58<PAGE>
 
                              BONTANG IV
                    TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT



     THIS AGREEMENT, made as of the 26th day of August, 1991 among
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA ("Pertamina");
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY ("Vico"), OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.,
VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED,
UNION
TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.,
TOTAL INDONESIE ("Total"), UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD. ("Unocal"), and
INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD. ("Inpex"); and CONTINENTAL BANK
INTERNATIONAL (the "Bontang IV Trustee"), as Trustee and Paying
Agent;

                            W I T N E S S E T H

     WHEREAS, Pertamina, in collaboration with the Contractors
(such expression and certain other capitalized expressions used in
these Recitals have the meanings set forth in Article 1 hereof) has
executed the LNG Sales Contract;

     WHEREAS, the LNG Sales Contract provides that the Buyers shall
pay amounts due thereunder to a bank in, the United States
designated by Pertamina; 

     WHEREAS, under the Supply Agreements:

          (i)  each of the Contractors has agreed to make
available, for sale and delivery by Pertamina under the LNG Sales
Contract, a portion of the LNG sold thereunder;

          (ii) Pertamina has assigned to each Contractor a
percentage of certain amounts paid or payable by the Buyers
thereunder;

          (iii)      Pertamina and the Contractors have agreed that
certain payments made by the Buyers shall be remitted directly to
a bank in the United States selected by Pertamina and the
Contractors which will serve as Trustee and Paying Agent for the
purposes of causing the due payment in an orderly administrative
manner of certain costs and expenses of Pertamina and of each
Contractor incurred in the processing and sale of the LNG of each
such party;

     WHEREAS, Pertamina and the Contractors wish to authorize the
Bontang IV Trustee to borrow funds from time to time to pay for
certain costs incurred and to be incurred in connection with
Financed Capital Projects;

     WHEREAS, Pertamina, the Contractors and Continental Bank
International have previously entered into certain trustee and
paying agent agreements and may in the future enter into other such
agreements; and

     WHEREAS, Pertamina and the Contractors wish to set forth
arrangements whereby certain amounts paid with respect to the LNG
Sales Contract and certain other agreements will be received, held,
managed and disbursed by the Bontang IV Trustee upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE 1

                               DEFINED TERMS

     The following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth
below, such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and the
plural forms of such expressions:

     "Accountants" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3.

     "Affected Lender" shall mean any Lender with respect to which
the Bontang IV Trustee has received a Notice of Mandatory
Prepayment.  An Affected Lender shall continue to be such for
purposes of this Agreement until the entire amount of the Mandatory
Prepayment payable to it has been paid in full.

     "Agent" shall mean The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., as agent
for the Lenders under the Loan Agreement, or any successor thereto
appointed pursuant to Section 8.10 thereof.

     "Anticipated Loan Amounts" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.2(b)(iii).
          
     "Approved Level of Working Capital" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 7.1.

     "Availability Period" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1 of the Loan Agreement.

     "Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement" shall mean the Bontang
Excess Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, originally dated
as of November 1, 1986, as amended and restated as of February 9,
1988, among the Producers and Continental Bank International, as
hereafter amended.

     "Bontang I Trust Agreement" shall mean the Badak Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement, originally dated as of July 15, 1974, as
amended and restated as of February 9, 1988, among the Producers
and Continental Bank International, as hereafter amended.

     "Bontang I Trustee" shall mean the trustee and paying agent
under the Bontang I Trust Agreement.

     "Bontang Plant" shall mean the natural gas liquefaction plant
at Bontang Bay on the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia,
including all related facilities, such as natural gas processing
plants for the production of LNG and liquefied petroleum gas
consisting of propane and butane, utilities, storage tanks, loading
lines and arms, harbor, docks, berths, tug boats, residential
community, workshops, offices, fixed plant and equipment and
communication systems, together with replacements, improvements,
additions and expansions of all such facilities, together also with
natural gas transmission lines extending from "Delivery Points" as
defined in the Processing Agreement, and from other such points in
other fields from which natural gas is supplied to the said natural
gas liquefaction plant (including associated knock-out drums but
excluding natural gas gathering pipelines within fields).

     "Bontang II Trust Agreement" shall mean the Badak Expansion
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, originally dated as of July 15,
1981, as amended and restated as of July 15, 1991, among the
Producers and Continental Bank International, as hereafter amended.

     "Bontang II Trustee" shall mean the trustee and paying agent
under the Bontang II Trust Agreement.

     "Bontang III Trust Agreement" shall mean the Bontang III
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of February 9, 1988,
among the Producers and Continental Bank International, as
hereafter amended.

     "Bontang III Trustee" shall mean the trustee and paying agent
under the Bontang III Trust Agreement.

     "Bontang IV Depositary" shall mean the United States
headquarters or a United States branch of the following financial
institutions appointed pursuant to Section 3.7 as a depositary of
funds, properties and rights in the Debt Service Account and the
Reserve Account for the purposes of safekeeping, investment or
disbursement thereof:

          (a)  any branch or affiliate of Continental Bank
International with the power to act as a Bontang IV Depositary, or

          (b)  any other bank, trust company or financial
institution (in each case with trust powers) which (i) has a net
worth in excess of $100,000,000.00 or (ii) has outstanding debt
securities rated A or better by Standard and Poor's Corporation or
its equivalent by Moody's Investors Service or another nationally
recognized rating agency in the United States.

     "Bontang IV General Account" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2.1.

     "Bontang IV Payment Account" shall mean a trust account of the
Bontang IV Trustee established as a subaccount of the Bontang IV
General Account pursuant to Section 4.1.

     "Bontang IV Trustee" shall mean Continental Bank International
as trustee and paying agent under this Agreement, or a successor
thereto.

     "Bontang IV Trust Funds" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2.

     "Bontang IV Trust Funds Accounts" shall mean the accounts
referred to in Section 8.3.

     "Borrowed Amounts" shall mean any amounts borrowed pursuant to
the first sentence of Section 2.2(b) of the Loan Agreement.

     "Buyer" shall mean each of (i) Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., a
corporation organized under the laws of Japan, (ii) Tokyo Gas Co.,
Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of Japan and (iii)
Toho Gas Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of
Japan, each as a buyer under the LNG Sales Contract and their
respective successors and assigns thereunder.

     "Capital Payment Dates" shall mean the dates determined
pursuant to Section 3.2(a).

     "Contractor" shall mean any member of the Vico Group, the
Total Group or the Unocal Group and in each case its predecessors
and successors in interest (collectively, the "Contractors").

     "Contractor Group" shall mean any of the Vico Group, Total
Group and Unocal Group.

     "Debt Coverage Ratio" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1 of the Loan Agreement.

     "Debt Coverage Reserve Account" shall mean a trust account of
the Bontang IV Trustee established as a sub-account of the Reserve
Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c), and such term shall include all
sub-accounts thereof.

     "Debt Service" shall mean payments into the Debt Service
Account and the Reserve Account, together with payments made by one
or more Producers and identified to the Bontang IV Trustee as "Debt
Service" under the Debt Service Allocation Agreement.

     "Debt Service Account" shall mean a trust account of the
Bontang IV Trustee established as a subaccount of the Bontang IV
General Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c), which may be
established and maintained at the offices of the Bontang IV
Trustee, or any Bontang IV Depositary as permitted in accordance
with the terms hereof and such term shall include all sub-accounts
thereof.

     "Debt Service Allocation Agreement" shall mean the Amended and
Restated Debt Service Allocation Agreement, dated as of February 9,
1988, among the Producers, as hereafter amended.

     "Deferred Principal" shall mean any amount of principal due to
the Lenders (other than any Affected Lenders) under the Loan
Agreement and the Notes, the payment of which is deferred pursuant
to Section 2.10(b) of the Loan Agreement.

     "Disbursement Trust Agreement" shall mean a disbursement
trustee and paying agent agreement entered into in the manner
specified in Section 3.5 under which the Loan Proceeds (other than
amounts referred to in Sections 3.2(d), (e) and (f) and
3.4(b)(iii)(y)) shall be maintained until use thereof is required,
as thereafter amended.

     "Disbursement Trustee" shall mean Continental Bank
International acting as disbursement trustee and paying agent under
the Disbursement Trust Agreement or a successor thereto.

     "Effective Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the
Loan Agreement.

     "Encumbrance" shall mean any lien, security interest,
mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, charge or any other encumbrance of
any kind, including, without limitation, the rights of a vendor,
lessor or similar party under any conditional sale agreement or
other title retention agreement or lease substantially equivalent
thereto, any production payment, and, with respect to any property
or assets, any other right of or arrangement with any creditor to
have its claim satisfied out of any such property or assets, or the
proceeds therefrom, prior to the general creditors of the owner
thereof.

     "Financed Capital Project" shall have the meaning specified in
the Processing Agreement.

     "Gross Invoice Amount" shall mean the sum of (i) the amounts
payable to the Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to the LNG Sales
Contract in respect of LNG purchased or, if not taken, required to
be purchased but not taken thereunder, (ii) amounts payable to the
Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to Section 6.3 of each Supply Agreement
and (iii) all amounts payable to the Bontang IV Trustee on account
of interest due by reason of the late payment of invoices for LNG
under Section 10.3 of the LNG Sales Contract; provided that the
Gross Invoice Amount shall not be reduced by any rebate, setoff,
reduction or discount given or agreed to by one or more parties to
the LNG Sales Contract from such amount payable as so defined,
adjusted and calculated, and provided further, that if the Bontang
IV Trustee is authorized and requested by the Producers (which
authorization and request may be given pursuant to Section 1.16(b)
of the Producers Agreement) to execute and deliver an agreement
providing for the amendment of this definition of Gross Invoice
Amount, and if the Agent on behalf of the Lenders also executes and
delivers such agreement, this definition of Gross Invoice Amount
shall be deemed amended for all purposes of this Agreement as set
forth in such agreement.

     "Guarantee" by any Person shall mean any obligation,
contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing any
Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person and, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or
indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase
or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of)
such Indebtedness or other obligation (whether arising by virtue of
partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase
assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay or to
maintain financial, statement conditions or otherwise) or (ii)
entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the
obligee of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment
thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof
(in whole or in part); provided that the term Guarantee shall not
include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary
course of business.

     "Indebtedness" shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) all
indebtedness or obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii)
all indebtedness or obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes, swap agreements or other similar instruments or
agreements, and all securities issued by such Person providing for
mandatory payments of money, whether or not contingent, (iii) all
obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of
property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the
ordinary course of business, (iv) all obligations of such Person as
lessee under capital leases, (v) all obligations of such Person to
purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in
connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar
securities or property, (vi) all non-contingent obligations of such
Person to reimburse any Person in respect of amounts paid under a
letter of credit or similar instrument to the extent that such
reimbursement obligations remain outstanding five business days
after they become non-contingent, (vii) Indebtedness of others
secured by an Encumbrance on any assets of such Person, whether or
not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person, or (viii) all
Guarantees by such Person of or with respect to the Indebtedness of
another Person.

     "Inpex" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.

     "Interest" shall mean all amounts of interest, including
interest on Scheduled Principal, Deferred Principal and overdue
amounts, payable to the Lenders (other than any Affected Lenders)
under Sections 2.3 and 2.7(a) of the Loan Agreement and under the
Notes.

     "Interest Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
1 of the Loan Agreement.

     "Lender" shall mean each of the banks and other financial
institutions named under the caption "Lenders" on the signature
pages of the Loan Agreement, any transferee pursuant to and subject
to the conditions stated in Section 10.4 of the Loan Agreement and
their respective permitted successors and assigns.

     "Lenders Fees and Expenses" shall mean any amounts payable to
the Agent or any of the Lenders (other than any Affected Lenders)
under Sections 2.8 and 10.6 of the Loan Agreement and under the
Letter Agreement.

     "Letter Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
1 of the Loan Agreement.

     "LNG" shall mean natural gas in a liquid state at or below its
boiling point and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

     "LNG Sales Contract" shall mean the Badak IV LNG Sales
Contract, dated as of October 23, 1990, between Pertamina and each
of the Buyers, as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any
extension or renewal thereof.

     "Loan Account" shall mean a trust account of the Bontang IV
Trustee established as a sub-account of the Debt Service Account
pursuant to Section 3.2(c).

     "Loan Agreement" shall mean the Loan Agreement among the
Bontang IV Trustee, as borrower thereunder, the banks and financial
institutions named therein as Coordinators, Arrangers,
Co-Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers and Lenders, the
Co-Agents and the Agent parties thereto, to be entered into
pursuant to Section 3.1(a), as hereafter amended.

     "Loan Percentage" shall mean, for any Affected Lenders at any
time, the percentage determined by dividing the principal amount of
such Affected Lenders' Notes outstanding at such time by the
aggregate principal amount outstanding at such time under all
Lenders' Notes.

     "Loan Proceeds" shall mean any funds disbursed by the Lenders
pursuant to the Loan Agreement.

     "Majority Lenders" shall mean at any time Lenders holding in
excess of 66-2/3% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the
advances under the Loan Agreement, or if no such advances are at
the time outstanding, Lenders having in excess of 66-2/3% of the
aggregate amount of the commitments to lend to the Bontang IV
Trustee under the Loan Agreement.

     "Mandatory Prepayment Account" shall mean a trust account of
the Bontang IV Trustee established as a sub-account of the Debt
Service Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c).

     "Mandatory Prepayment" shall mean any required prepayment of
the entire outstanding principal of a Lender's Note, together with
all other amounts due to such Lender thereunder and under the Loan
Agreement and the Letter Agreement, the payment of which is
mandatorily accelerated under Section 3.4(a) of the Loan Agreement.

     "Mobil" shall mean Mobil Oil Indonesia, Inc.

     "Note" shall mean a promissory note issued by the Bontang IV
Trustee as borrower under the Loan Agreement to a Lender to
evidence such Lender's advances to the Bontang IV Trustee as
borrower under the Loan Agreement.

     "Notice of Acceleration" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.3(d).

     "Notice of Mandatory Prepayment" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.3(c).

     "Notice of Start-up" shall mean a notice from Pertamina to the
Bontang IV Trustee that Start-up has occurred.

     "Other Trust Agreements" shall mean the Bontang I, Bontang II
and Bontang III Trust Agreements and the Bontang Excess Sales Trust
Agreement and any other relevant agreements of this type entered
into from time to time by Pertamina and the trustees parties
thereto, among others, as hereafter amended.

     "Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness" shall mean Indebtedness of the
Bontang IV Trustee contemplated by Section 3.1(c).

     "Person" shall mean and include any individual, corporation,
juridical entity, association, statutory body, partnership, joint
venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization or government,
state or any political subdivision, instrumentality, agency or
authority thereof.

     "Pertamina" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.

     "Processing Agreement" shall mean the Amended and Restated
Bontang Processing Agreement, dated as of February 9, 1988, among
the Producers on the one hand and P.T. Badak on the other, as
hereafter amended.

     "Producers" shall mean Pertamina (and its successors) and the
Contractors.

     "Producers Agreement" shall mean the agreement so entitled of
even date herewith among the Producers, the Agent and the Lenders,
as hereafter amended.

     "Production Sharing Contract" shall mean:

          (i)  as to Pertamina and the Vico Group, (i) until August
8, 1998, the Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract dated
April 23, 1990, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on the one
hand, and the members of the Vico Group on the other, and (ii)
effective August 8, 1998, the Production Sharing Contract dated
April 23, 1990, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on the one
hand, and the members of the Vico Group, on the other;

          (ii) as to Pertamina and the Total Group, (i) until March
31, 1997, the Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract
dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on
the one hand, and the members of the Total Group, on the other, and
(ii) effective March 31, 1997, the Production Sharing Contract
dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on
the one hand, and the members of the Total Group, on the other;

          (iii)     as to Pertamina and the Unocal Group, (i) until
October 24, 1998, the Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract dated January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between
Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal on the other, and (ii)
effective October 25, 1998, the Production Sharing Contract dated
January 11, 1991, as hereafter amended, between Pertamina, on the
one hand, and Unocal, on the other; and

          (iv) as to Pertamina and Inpex, effective March 31, 1997,
the Production Sharing Contract dated March 28, 1991, as hereafter
amended, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Inpex, on the
other.

     "P.T. Badak" shall mean P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction
Company, a corporation organized under laws of the Republic of
Indonesia.

     "Quarterly Period" shall mean the period from and including
the making of the initial borrowing under the Loan Agreement to and
including September 30, 1991 and thereafter each subsequent period
of approximately three calendar months ending on the next to occur
of December 31, March 31, June 30 or September 30, as the case may
be, provided that if the last day of a Quarterly Period would be a
day which is not a Business Day under the Loan Agreement such
Quarterly Period will end on the immediately preceding such
Business Day and that each subsequent Quarterly Period will begin
on the calendar day (whether or not such a Business Day)
immediately following the last day of the preceding Quarterly
Period.

     "Regular Reserve Account" shall mean a trust account of the
Bontang IV Trustee established as a sub-account of the Reserve
Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c), and such term shall include all
sub-accounts thereof.

     "Reserve Account" shall mean a trust account of the Bontang IV
Trustee established as a sub-account of the Bontang IV General
Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c), which may be established at the
offices of the Bontang IV Trustee, or any Bontang IV Depositary, as
permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, and such term shall
include all sub-accounts thereof.

     "Scheduled Principal" shall mean the amount of principal
regularly scheduled to be payable to the Lenders (other than any
Affected Lenders) under Section 2.10(a) of the Loan Agreement and
under the Notes.

     "Sharing Percentages" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7.1.

     "Source of Debt Service" shall mean:

          (i)  in respect of each amount payable to the Bontang IV
Trustee for LNG purchased, or for LNG required to be purchased but
not taken, under the LNG Sales Contract, or payable to the Bontang
IV Trustee pursuant to the Supply Agreements or otherwise pursuant
to the LNG Sales Contract (without duplication) the portion, if
any, of the amount so payable equal to the percentage specified
below of the Gross Invoice Amount payable (x) under each invoice
rendered with respect to each cargo purchased, or in the case of
LNG required to be purchased but not taken under each invoice
rendered with respect to the same quantity not taken, and (y)
otherwise in respect of each cargo, plus the same percentage of all
indemnities and additional amounts payable by each of the Buyers
under the LNG Sales Contract (other than any refunds of demurrage
payable under Section 4.13(c) thereof) without any reduction or
set-off from any such amounts; provided that if the Bontang IV
Trustee is authorized and requested by the Producers (which
authorization and request may be given pursuant to Section 1.16(b)
of the Producers Agreement) to execute and deliver an agreement
providing for the amendment of this definition of Source of Debt
Service, and if the Agent on behalf of the Lenders also executes
and delivers such agreement, this definition of Source of Debt
Service shall be deemed amended for all purposes of this Agreement
as set forth in such agreement; and 

          (ii) in respect of any period the aggregate amount of the
Source of Debt Service payable during such period.

     The percentage referred to above means (i) at any time on or
prior to the twentieth Maturity Date under the Loan Agreement, 70%,
and (ii) at any time thereafter, 65%.

     "Special Disbursement Amount" means an amount paid by the
Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to a Special Disbursement Instruction
or an amount received by the Bontang IV Trustee from the trustee
and paying agent under any of the Other Trust Agreements which such
trustee and paying agent has notified the Bontang IV Trustee is a
Special Disbursement Amount, as the case may be.

     "Special Disbursement Instruction" is defined in Section 7.5.

     "Special Payment Account" shall mean a trust account of the
Bontang IV Trustee established as a subaccount of the Debt Service
Account pursuant to Section 3.2(c).

     "Special Payments" shall mean (i) any amounts of or with
respect to taxes, increased costs arising from regulatory changes,
funding costs and losses, indemnities and any other amounts payable
to any of the Lenders (other than any Affected Lenders) under
Sections 2.7(b), 3.3 and 3.4(b) of the Loan Agreement and (ii) any
other amounts (other than Lenders Fees and Expenses, Interest,
Deferred Principal, Scheduled Principal and Mandatory Prepayments)
payable to any of the Lenders (other than any Affected Lenders)
under the Loan Agreement and the Notes.  For the avoidance of
doubt, it is expressly agreed that the term "Special Payments" does
not include or refer to prepayments of principal of the Advances,
whether pursuant to Section 3.4, Section 3.5  or  Section 3.6 of
the Loan Agreement or otherwise pursuant thereto.

     "Start-up" shall mean the first delivery of LNG under the LNG
Sales Contract.

     "Subordinated Indebtedness" shall mean Indebtedness of the
Bontang IV Trustee contemplated by Section 3.1(b).

     "Successor" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4.

     "Supply Agreements" shall mean:

          (i)  Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement dated
August 12, 1991, but effective as of October 23, 1990, by and
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Total and Inpex, on the
other hand, as hereafter amended;

          (ii) Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement dated
August 12, 1991, but effective as of October 23, 1990, by and
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and the members of the Vico
Group, on the other hand, as hereafter amended;

          (iii)     Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement
for Unocal Contract Area dated August 12, 1991, but effective as of
October 23, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal,
on the other hand, as hereafter amended; and

          (iv) Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement for
INPEX Contract Area dated August 12, 1991, but effective as of
October 23, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal
and Inpex, on the other hand, as hereafter amended.

     "Total" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.

     "Total Group" shall mean Total and Inpex, and their successors
in interest.

     "Train F" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 of the
Loan Agreement.

     "Trustee's Office" shall mean the office of the Bontang IV
Trustee, the address of which is set out in Section 12.3 or any
other office of the Bontang IV Trustee in the United States the
address of which is notified to the Producers by the Bontang IV
Trustee pursuant to Section 12.3 or the office specified in an
instrument, delivered by the Successor pursuant to Section 10.4.

     "Unocal" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.

     "Unocal Group" shall mean Unocal and Inpex, and their
successors in interest.

     "Vico" is defined in the title paragraph hereof.

     "Vico Group" shall mean Vico, Virginia International Company,
OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and their
successors in interest.


                                 ARTICLE 2

                  RECEIPT OF PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT TO LNG

     2.1  Designation of Bontang IV Trustee and Bontang IV General
Account.  Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Supply
Agreements and Section 10.4 of the LNG Sales Contract, Pertamina
hereby designates, and each of the Contractors hereby agrees to the
designation of, the Bontang IV Trustee named herein, to establish
immediately and maintain at the Trustee's Office an account, to be
designated as the "Bontang IV General Account,"  which Pertamina
hereby agrees to designate, and each of the Contractors hereby
agrees to such designation of, as the account with a bank in the
United States to which the amounts which become due and payable
under the LNG Sales Contract shall be paid.

     2.2  Bontang IV Trust Funds.  All such amounts that shall have
been received in the Bontang IV General Account pursuant to Section
2.1 and any other amounts the Bontang IV Trustee may receive under
the terms of this Agreement (together with any securities acquired
by the Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to Article 9 and all interest
thereon) are herein referred to as the "Bontang IV Trust Funds."
The respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer of all Bontang
IV Trust Funds shall be credited to the respective Bontang IV Trust
Funds Accounts of each Producer, to be held in trust, however, for
the benefit of those having a right, to the extent provided in this
Agreement, to receive disbursements and distributions hereunder. 
Immediately upon the Bontang IV Trustee's receipt of any funds
designated "Bontang IV Sales," "Badak IV," or otherwise
unambiguously representing amounts payable to the Bontang IV
Trustee with respect to the LNG Sales Contract, such funds shall be
impressed with the trust created hereby and become a part of the
Bontang IV Trust Funds and shall be deposited in the Bontang IV
General Account.

     2.3  Allocation of Amounts Received.  All amounts received by
the Bontang IV Trustee and designated as representing amounts
payable for LNG delivered, or for LNG required to be purchased, but
not taken, under the LNG Sales Contract, all amounts paid on
account of interest due by reason of the late payment of invoices,
and all demurrage payment refunds paid by any of  the  Buyers,
shall be deemed to be attributable to sales under the LNG Sales
Contract.  In the event the Bontang IV Trustee receives any amount
from any Buyer which amount is not designated for the Bontang IV
General Account or for any accounts established or to be
established under the Other Trust Agreements, it shall first
contact the  remitting party in order to determine the proper
designation for the amounts received, and shall solicit and, if
possible, obtain from the remitting party such documentation as the
Bontang IV Trustee deems appropriate as evidence of such
designation.  In the event the remitting party is unable to provide
appropriate evidence of such designation, the Bontang IV Trustee
shall notify the Producers and, if an Other Trust Agreement
involving Mobil is concerned, Mobil, of the amount received, the
date of receipt and any other information relevant to such amount
known to the Bontang IV Trustee.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall
thereupon request instructions as to the proper allocation of the
amount received and shall allocate such amounts between the Bontang
IV General Account and any accounts established under the Other
Trust Agreements in accordance with instructions given jointly by
the Producers and, as appropriate, Mobil.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 3

            POWER TO BORROW AND ENTER INTO INTEREST RATE SWAPS

     3.1  Enumeration of Powers.

          (a)  In addition to its other powers hereunder, the
Bontang IV Trustee shall have the power to borrow money from time
to time from the Lenders upon the terms and conditions set forth
below:

               (i)  Upon its receipt of notice from the Producers
that they have determined that a credit facility for borrowing by
the Bontang IV Trustee to pay for a portion of the capital costs
incurred, or to be incurred, in connection with the construction or
financing of Train F is desirable, the Bontang IV Trustee, at the
direction of the Producers, shall undertake to obtain such credit
facility, which shall be evidenced by the Loan Agreement, the Notes
and the Letter Agreement.

               (ii) The Bontang IV Trustee shall have the power to
enter into or modify the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement upon its receipt of notice from Pertamina and each of the
Contractors that they have approved the form and terms of such
agreements or modifications and that they authorize and request the
Bontang IV Trustee to enter into such agreements or modifications. 
The Bontang IV Trustee shall have the power to obtain and repay
Indebtedness and to pay other amounts and to perform other
obligations under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.3, neither
the representatives of the Contractor Groups nor any other
individual or entity shall have authority to give any approval
under this Section 3.1(a) for any Contractor other than itself,
unless such Contractor shall give notice to the Bontang IV Trustee
that it has appointed such representative or other individual or
entity to give such approval.                  
               (iii)     The Loan Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement shall contain provisions acceptable to the Bontang
IV Trustee to the effect that no recourse may be had nor any claim
thereunder made against Continental Bank International in its
individual capacity other than for breach of a representation or
warranty made in its individual capacity or for gross negligence or
willful misconduct.

          (b)  In addition to its other powers hereunder, the
Bontang IV Trustee shall have the power at any time to incur
Indebtedness that is payable out of amounts of the Source of Debt
Service only after the Bontang IV Trustee shall have accumulated
amounts in the Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account during
each Interest Period required to be accumulated therein pursuant to
Section 3.2 or 3.3(d), as applicable ("Subordinated Indebtedness"),
as follows.  Upon its receipt of notice from the Producers that
they have determined that Subordinated Indebtedness in the form of
a credit facility for borrowing by the Bontang IV Trustee to pay
for a portion of the capital costs incurred, or to be incurred, in
connection with a Financed Capital Project is desirable, the
Bontang IV Trustee, at the direction of the Producers, shall
undertake to obtain and enter into one or more appropriate
agreements relating to such Subordinated Indebtedness and, in
connection therewith, shall enter into an appropriate amendment to
this Agreement to make provision for making payments under the
agreements relating to such Subordinated Indebtedness to the extent
provided in the preceding sentence.

          (c)  In addition to its other powers hereunder, the
Bontang IV Trustee shall  have the power to incur Indebtedness
(other than Subordinated Indebtedness) in respect of interest rate
swap arrangements of the Bontang IV Trustee entered into solely for
the purpose of exchanging floating interest rate obligations of the
Bontang IV Trustee under the Loan Agreement into fixed interest
rate obligations if such Indebtedness is only payable out of Source
of Debt Service and is pari passu in right of payment and does not
benefit from any Encumbrance other than equally and ratably with,
or  subordinate to, the Indebtedness owed to the Lenders under the
Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement ("Pari Passu
Swap Indebtedness").  Upon its receipt of notice from the Producers
that they have determined that such Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness is
desirable, the Bontang IV Trustee, at the direction of the
Producers, shall undertake to obtain and enter into one or more
appropriate agreements relating to such Pari Passu Swap
Indebtedness; provided that (i) any such agreement shall be in form
and substance in accordance with Section 6.4 of the Loan Agreement
and (ii) the Bontang IV Trustee shall enter into an amendment to
this Agreement which complies with the provisions of Section 6.4 of
the Loan Agreement and shall promptly deliver to the Agent a copy
of such amendment.

          (d)  The provisions contained in the last sentence of
Section 3.1(a)(ii) and in Section 3.1(a)(iii) relating to the Loan
Agreement shall apply equally to any agreements relating to
Subordinated Indebtedness or Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness to be
entered into by the Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to Section 3.1(b)
or 3.1(c).

     3.2  Accumulation of Debt Service.

          (a)  The Loan Agreement shall provide that all payment
dates for payment of principal and interest thereunder shall be
uniform end of calendar quarter dates, subject to any option
provided for in the Loan Agreement permitting the borrower
thereunder to elect Interest Periods for the calculation of
interest which are six months in length and which end on an end of
calendar quarter date (each such date ending a three-month or
six-month Interest Period for payment of principal or interest, a
"Capital Payment Date").

          (b)  (i)  The Loan Agreement shall provide for the
Bontang IV Trustee to receive, at the time of the initial and each
subsequent borrowing thereunder in each case in respect of the
Quarterly Period in which such borrowing occurs and on or about the
first day of each Quarterly Period after the initial borrowing, a
notice from the Agent of the amounts of Scheduled Principal,
Deferred Principal, regularly scheduled Interest and regularly
scheduled Lenders Fees and Expenses payable on the Capital Payment
Date occurring at the end of such Quarterly Period.

               (ii) The Loan Agreement shall provide for the
Bontang IV Trustee to receive notice from the Agent of other
amounts payable under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement as the same shall become due and payable, specifying
whether such amounts constitute principal, Lenders Fees and
Expenses, Interest, Special Payments or Mandatory Prepayments.

               (iii)     The Loan Agreement shall provide for the
Bontang IV Trustee to receive, on or about the first day of each
Quarterly Period at the end of which a payment of principal is to
be made, a notice from the Agent of the sum of (such sum, the
"Anticipated Loan Amounts") the Scheduled Principal and Deferred
Principal to be payable to the Lenders (other than Affected
Lenders) on each of the two Capital Payment Dates next succeeding
the Capital Payment Date occurring at the end of such Quarterly
Period plus Interest to accrue during the two Quarterly Periods
next succeeding such Quarterly Period plus Lenders Fees and
Expenses reasonably anticipated to be payable during such next two
Quarterly Periods.

               (iv) The Loan Agreement shall provide for the
Bontang IV Trustee to receive, at the commencement of the first
three Quarterly Periods during 1994, a notice from the Agent of the
Anticipated Loan Amounts in respect of the two Capital Payment
Dates to occur at the end of December, 1994 and March, 1995,
respectively.

               (v)  The Bontang IV Trustee, without any action or
approval being required of Pertamina or the Contractors, shall be
entitled to rely conclusively on each such statement in the absence
of manifest error.

          (c)  On the Effective Date, the Bontang IV Trustee shall
open in its own name, as Bontang IV Trustee, at the Trustee's
Office, two sub-accounts of the Bontang IV General Account, one
designated as the "Debt Service Account" (which term shall include
all sub-accounts thereof), and the other designated as the "Reserve
Account" (which term shall include all sub-accounts thereof), on
the Effective Date, the Bontang IV Trustee shall also open in its
own name at the Trustee's Office (i) three separate sub-accounts of
the Debt Service Account (such sub-accounts to be designated as the
"Loan Account", the "Special Payment Account", and the "Mandatory
Prepayment Account", respectively) and (ii) two separate
sub-accounts of the Reserve Account (such sub-accounts to be
designated as the "Regular Reserve Account" and the "Debt Coverage
Reserve Account", respectively), all such sub-accounts to be used
for the receipt, administration and payment of principal, interest
and other amounts due or to become due under the Loan Agreement.

          (d)  If the Bontang IV Trustee, as borrower under the
Loan Agreement, elects to borrow amounts thereunder, as permitted
thereby, for the purpose of paying any Lenders Fees and Expenses
due thereunder as specified in all notices received by the Bontang
IV Trustee of the type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i) and (ii),
without duplication, the amounts borrowed for such purpose shall be
immediately deposited into the Loan Account.

          (e)  If the Bontang IV Trustee, as borrower under the
Loan Agreement, elects to borrow amounts thereunder, as permitted
thereby, for the purpose of paying any Interest due thereunder as
specified in all notices received by the Bontang IV Trustee of the
type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i) and (ii), without
duplication, the amounts borrowed for such purpose shall be
immediately deposited into the Loan Account.

          (f)  If the Bontang IV Trustee, as borrower under the
Loan Agreement, elects to borrow amounts thereunder, as permitted
thereby, for the purpose of paying any Special Payments due
thereunder as specified in all notices received by the Bontang IV
Trustee of the type referred to in Section 3.2(b)(ii), without
duplication, the amounts borrowed for such purpose shall be
immediately deposited into the Special Payment Account.

          (g)  For each of the first three Quarterly Periods during
1994, the entire amount of any Source of Debt Service received in
the Bontang IV General Account during each such Quarterly Period
shall be paid over to the Reserve Account for deposit in the
Regular Reserve Account so long as and to the extent that the
amount accumulated in the Regular Reserve Account is less than the
aggregate of the amount of Interest payable on the Capital Payment
Date occurring at the end of such Quarterly Period and all
Anticipated Loan Amounts in respect of the first two Capital
Payment Dates to occur at the end of December, 1994 and March,
1995, respectively.

          (h)  Subject to Section 3.3(d), commencing on the first
day of the initial Quarterly Period commencing after the end of the
Availability Period under the Loan Agreement, and for each
Quarterly Period thereafter under the Loan Agreement, and
continuing until the date of payment of all amounts due thereunder,
the Bontang IV Trustee shall, upon receipt, promptly pay over to
the Debt Service Account with respect to each such Quarterly Period
for deposit in the appropriate sub-account all amounts of the
Source of Debt Service received in the Bontang IV General Account
in the following amounts and in the following order of priority:

               (1)  First, if any Notice of Mandatory Prepayment
shall have been given with respect to any one or more Affected
Lenders, and with respect to each such Notice, to the Mandatory
Prepayment Account an amount equal to the Loan Percentage for such
Affected Lenders of each payment of Source of Debt Service received
by the Bontang IV Trustee after receipt of such Notice of Mandatory
Prepayment and until the aggregate of all amounts of Mandatory
Prepayments due and payable, as specified in such Notice of
Mandatory Prepayment and to the extent not previously paid pursuant
to Section 3.3(c), have been paid in full;

               (2)  Second, to the Loan Account, the amounts of
Lenders Fees and Expenses, if any, due and payable by the Bontang
IV Trustee on the Capital Payment Date occurring at the end of such
Quarterly Period (and on any prior Capital Payment Date to the
extent not previously paid), as specified in all notices received
by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Sections
3.2(b)(i) and (ii), without duplication, until the aggregate amount
accumulated in the Loan Account shall be sufficient to pay the
aggregate of all such amounts of Lenders Fees and Expenses;

               (3)  Third, to the Loan Account, the amounts of
Interest due and payable by the Bontang IV Trustee on the Capital
Payment Date occurring at the end of such Quarterly Period (and on
any prior Capital Payment Date to the extent not previously paid),
as specified in all notices received by the Bontang IV Trustee of
the type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i) and (ii), without
duplication, until the aggregate amount accumulated in the Loan
Account (in excess of the amounts referred to in clause (2) above)
shall be sufficient to pay the aggregate of all such amounts of
Interest; provided that with respect to any six-month Interest
Period, the amount of the Source of Debt Service to be paid over to
the Loan Account in respect of all Interest due on the Capital
Payment Date occurring at the end of such Interest Period shall, in
the first three months of such Interest Period, be an amount equal
to one half of all such Interest due, and in the second three
months of such Interest Period, be an amount equal to the other
half of all such Interest due;

               (4)  Fourth, to the Special.  Payment Account, the
amounts of Special Payments, if any, due and payable by the Bontang
IV Trustee on the Capital Payment Date occurring at the end of such
Quarterly Period (and on any prior Capital Payment Date to the
extent not previously paid), as specified in all notices received
by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Section
3.2(b)(ii), without duplication, until the aggregate amount
accumulated in the Special Payment Account shall be sufficient to
pay the aggregate of all such amounts of Special Payments;

               (5)  Fifth, to the Loan Account, the amounts of
Deferred Principal, if any, due and payable by the Bontang IV
Trustee on the Capital Payment Date occurring at the end of such
Quarterly Period (and on any prior Capital Payment Date to the
extent not previously paid), as specified in all notices received
by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Section
3.2(b)(i), without duplication, until the aggregate amount
accumulated in the Loan Account (in excess of the amounts referred
to in clauses (2) and (3) above) shall be sufficient to pay the
aggregate of all such amounts of Deferred Principal;

               (6)  Sixth, to the Loan Account, the amounts of
Scheduled Principal due and payable by the Bontang IV Trustee on
the Capital Payment Date occurring at the end of such Quarterly
Period (and on any prior Capital Payment Date to the extent not
previously paid), as specified in all notices received by the
Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i)
and (ii), without duplication, until the aggregate amount
accumulated in the Loan Account (in excess of the amounts referred
to in clauses (2), (3) and (5) above) shall be sufficient to pay
the aggregate of all such amounts of Scheduled Principal; and

               (7)  Seventh, to the Mandatory Prepayment Account
until the aggregate of all amounts of Mandatory Prepayments due and
payable, as specified in any applicable Notices of Mandatory
Prepayment and to the extent not previously paid pursuant to
Section 3.3(c), have been paid in full.

          (i)  Subject to Section 3.3(d), for each Quarterly Period
referred to in Section 3.2(h), after all amounts of Source of Debt
Service required to be paid into the Debt Service Account pursuant
to Section 3.2(h) with respect to such Quarterly Period have been
so paid, the Bontang IV Trustee shall, upon receipt, promptly pay
over to the Reserve Account with respect to each such Quarterly
Period for deposit in the appropriate subaccount all additional
amounts of the Source of Debt Service received in the Bontang IV
General Account in the following amounts and in the following order
of priority:

               (1)  First, to the Regular Reserve Account until the
aggregate amount accumulated therein shall be sufficient to pay the
Anticipated Loan Amounts specified for such Quarterly Period in all
notices received by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to
in Section 3.2(b)(iii), without duplication; and

               (2)  Second, if such Quarterly Period commences on
or after October 1, 1994 and if as of the commencement of such
Quarterly Period the certificate delivered to the Lenders under
Section 6.1(b) of the Loan Agreement with respect to such Quarterly
Period indicates that the Debt Coverage Ratio is below 1.3, to the
Debt Coverage Reserve Account.

          (j)  Subject to Sections 3.3(c) and (d), if the Producers
have previously advised the Bontang IV Trustee, in writing, to
contest payment of any amounts of Special Payments, such contested
amounts of the Source of Debt Service accumulated in the Special
Payment Account shall remain on deposit therein until such time as
Pertamina and the Contractors have approved the use thereof for
payment of such amounts or, if earlier, such time as the Bontang IV
Trustee may be legally compelled to pay such amounts to the Lenders
through the exercise by such Lenders of the legal or equitable
remedies available to them.

     3.3  Payment of Debt Service.

          (a)  Subject to Sections 3.3(c) and (d), on each Capital
Payment Date, the Bontang IV Trustee shall pay the following
amounts in the following order of priority:

               (i)  First, all amounts of Lenders Fees and Expenses
then due and payable, as specified in all notices received by the
Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i)
and (ii), without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent for the
account of the Lenders to the extent of and out of amounts then
held in the Loan Account; provided that all amounts of Lenders Fees
and Expenses then due and payable under Section 10.6(a) or Section
10.6(c) of the Loan Agreement, as specified in all notices received
by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Sections
3.2(b)(i) and (ii), without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent
for the account of the Lenders on the earlier of (x) the date of
the first borrowing by the Bontang IV Trustee under the Loan
Agreement and (y) the thirtieth day following the Effective Date
under the Loan Agreement, to the extent of and out of amounts then
held in the Loan Account;

               (ii) Second, all amounts of Interest then due and
payable, as specified in all notices received by the Bontang IV
Trustee of the type referred to in Sections 3.2(b)(i) and (ii),
without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent for the account of
the Lenders, to the extent of and out of amounts then held in the
Loan Account;

               (iii)     Third, subject to Section 3.2(j), all
amounts of Special Payments then due and payable, as specified in
all notices received by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred
to in Section 3.2(b)(ii), without duplication, shall be paid to the
Agent for the account of the Lenders to the extent of and out of
amounts then held in the Special Payment Account;

               (iv) Fourth, all amounts of Deferred Principal then
due and payable, as specified in all notices received by the
Bontang IV Trustee referred to in Section 3.2(b)(i), without
duplication, shall be paid to the Agent for the account of the
Lenders to the extent of and out of amounts then held in the Loan
Account; and

               (v)  Fifth, all amounts of Scheduled Principal then
due and payable, as specified in all notices received by the
Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Section 3.2(b)(i),
without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent for the account of
the Lenders to the extent of and out of amounts then held in the
Loan Account.

          (b)  (i)  Subject to Sections 3.3(c) and (d), to the
extent that on any Capital Payment Date the amounts held in any
sub-account of the Debt Service Account are not sufficient to pay
in full all amounts payable under the Loan Agreement, the Notes and
the Letter Agreement on such Capital Payment Date that are to be
paid out of amounts then held in such sub-account, any amounts then
held in the Regular Reserve Account shall be applied to make such
payments in the order of priority set forth in Section 3.3(a).

               (ii) Subject to Sections 3.3(c) and (d) and the
foregoing clause (i) of this Section 3.3(b), if on any Capital
Payment Date there shall be an amount in the Debt Coverage Reserve
Account the same shall be applied in its entirety on such Capital
Payment Date as a prepayment of principal of the Notes in the
manner prescribed in the Loan Agreement for the making of prepay-
ments from the Debt Coverage Reserve Account.

          (c)  (i) The Loan Agreement provides for Mandatory
Prepayments to be made with respect to the Notes of any one or more
of the Lenders in circumstances involving illegality with respect
thereto.  Notwithstanding Sections 3.3(a) and (b), but subject to
Section 3.3(d), upon receipt by the Bontang IV Trustee of any
notice pursuant to Section 3.2 (b)(ii) that any Mandatory
Prepayments have become due and payable to one or more Affected
Lenders (a "Notice of Mandatory Prepayment"), the Bontang IV
Trustee, without any action or approval being required of Pertamina
or the Contractors, shall:

                    (1)  Immediately pay to the Agent for the
     account of such Affected Lenders, to the extent necessary to
     pay the entire amount of the Mandatory Prepayments payable to
     such Affected Lenders in full, (x) the Loan Percentage for
     such Affected Lenders of all amounts then held in the Debt
     Service Account and (y) the Loan Percentage for such Affected
     Lenders of all amounts then held in the Regular Reserve
     Account and the Debt Coverage Reserve Account; and

                    (2)  Immediately upon deposit of any amounts in
     the Mandatory Prepayment Account pursuant to Section 3.2(h),
     pay all such amounts to the Agent for the account of such
     Affected Lenders, to the extent the amount of such Mandatory
     Prepayments shall not have been previously paid.

               (ii) All amounts paid to the Agent for the account
of the Affected Lenders pursuant to Section 3.3(c)(i) shall be
applied in the following order of priority:

                    (1)  First, to the payment of all Lenders Fees
     and Expenses due and payable at the time of payment to the
     Affected Lenders as specified in the applicable Notices of
     Mandatory Prepayment;

                    (2)  Second, to the payment of all Interest due
     and payable at the time of payment to the Affected Lenders as
     specified in the applicable Notices of Mandatory Prepayment;

                    (3)  Third, to the payment of all principal
     then due and payable to the Affected Lenders as specified in
     the applicable Notices of Mandatory Prepayment; and

                    (4)  Fourth, to the payment of all Special
     Payments due and payable at the time of payment to the
     Affected Lenders as specified in the applicable Notices of
     Mandatory Prepayment.

          (d)  The Loan Agreement may provide for the acceleration
of the advances outstanding under the Loan Agreement. 
Notwithstanding Sections 3.3(a), (b) and (c), upon receipt by the
Bontang IV Trustee of any notice of acceleration (a "Notice of
Acceleration") from the Agent, the Bontang IV Trustee, without any
action or approval being required of the Producers, shall:

               (i)  Immediately apply all amounts then held in all
sub-accounts of the Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account to
the payment of the following amounts in the following order of
priority, to the extent not previously paid:

                    (1)  First, all amounts of Lenders Fees and
     Expenses due and payable at the time of payment, as specified
     in the Notice of Acceleration or in any notices received by
     the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Section
     3.2(b)(ii), without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent
     for the account of the Lenders;

                    (2)  Second, all amounts of Interest due and
     payable at the time of payment, as specified in the Notice of
     Acceleration or in any notices received by the Bontang IV
     Trustee of the type referred to in Section 3.2(b)(ii), without
     duplication, shall be paid to the Agent for the account of the
     Lenders;

                    (3)  Third, all amounts of principal then due
     and payable under the Loan Agreement and the Notes, as
     specified in the Notice of Acceleration or in any notices
     received by the Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in
     Sections 3.2(b)(i) and (ii), without  duplication, shall be
     paid to the Agent for the account of the Lenders; and

                    (4)   Fourth, all amounts of Special Payments
     due and payable at the time of payment, as specified in the
     Notice of Acceleration or in any notices received by the
     Bontang IV Trustee of the type referred to in Section
     3.2(b)(ii), without duplication, shall be paid to the Agent
     for the account of the Lenders;

               (ii) Promptly upon receipt pay over to the Debt
Service Account all amounts of Source of Debt Service received in
the Bontang IV General Account following receipt of the Notice of
Acceleration; and

               (iii)     Immediately upon deposit of any amounts in
the Debt Service Account pursuant to Section 3.3(d)(ii), make the
payments referred to in Section 3.3(d)(i), to the extent not
previously paid.

          (e)  The Loan Agreement may provide for the exercise of
choices or taking or refraining from taking any action by the
Bontang IV Trustee as to certain matters, including, but not
limited to, length of Interest Period, acceptance of alternate
interest rates, and optional prepayment of loans.  If the exercise
of such a choice or the taking of any other action with respect
thereto is required of or permitted to the Bontang IV Trustee
pursuant to the terms of such Loan Agreement which is not otherwise
specifically provided for in this Article 3, the Bontang IV Trustee
shall take no action with respect thereto except such action as it
has been specifically authorized and directed to take, in writing,
by the Producers.

          (f)  The Loan Agreement may provide for the delivery of
information and certificates to the Lenders.  To the extent the
information to be furnished is produced by the Bontang IV Trustee
in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Bontang
IV Trustee shall supply such information and certificates to the
Lenders as and when required, without any action being required on
the part of the Producers.  Otherwise, the Bontang IV Trustee, as
between itself and the Producers, shall have no obligation to
provide such information and certificates unless and until such
time as such information and certificates have been provided to the
Bontang IV Trustee by the Producers, which, together with
information produced by the Bontang IV Trustee in the performance
of its duties hereunder, will enable the Bontang IV Trustee to
provide to such Lenders the information and, certificates required
under the Loan Agreement.

          (g)  In furtherance of the foregoing provisions of this
Section 3.3, the Bontang IV Trustee shall provide to the Producers
a copy of each notice and declaration received by it from the
Lenders under the Loan Agreement promptly after receipt thereof by
the Bontang IV Trustee.

          (h)  All notices, approvals, instructions, and other
communications to be provided by the Producers to the Bontang IV
Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall be given or made as
provided in Section 12.3.

          (i)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall promptly give notice to
the Allocation Trustees (as defined in Section 11.1) of

               (1)  each payment into the Debt Service Account or
     Reserve Account made by the Bontang IV Trustee,

               (2)  each payment of Debt Service of which the
     Bontang IV Trustee has been notified made by a Producer
     pursuant to the Producers Agreement,

               (3)  each transfer to the Bontang IV Payment Account
     of excess funds in the Regular Reserve Account pursuant to
     Section 4.2,

               (4)  each distribution of excess funds in the Debt
     Service Account and Reserve Account pursuant to Section
     3.3(k),

               (5)  each receipt of amounts from the Disbursement
     Trustee to which the Producers are entitled pursuant to
     Section 3.5(c); and

               (6)  the portion of each such payment of Debt
     Service, whether made by the Bontang IV Trustee or a Producer,
     borne by each Producer.

          Solely for the purposes of this Section 3.3(i), the
portion of each such payment of Debt Service "borne by such
Producer" shall be the portion of each such payment under (1) above
(other than payments made from Borrowed Amounts) which is charged
to such Producer's account pursuant to Section 7.2, plus the sum of
any payments under (2) above of which the Bontang IV Trustee has
received notice from such Producer less the portion of each
transfer and distribution of excess funds referred to in (3) and
(4) above, and each amount received referred to in (5) above, which
is credited to such Producer's account pursuant to Section 7.2.

          (j)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall furnish the Accountants
with such information as they may from time to time request (with
a copy to the Producers), to the extent such information is in the
possession of the Bontang IV Trustee, as to Debt Service and other
matters stated by the Accountants to be necessary to enable them to
perform their functions under the Debt Service Allocation Agreement
in a timely manner.

          (k)  After the date of payment of the final installment
of principal of and accrued interest on the loans made pursuant to
the Loan Agreement and the payment of all other amounts due
thereunder and under the Notes and the Letter Agreement, at the
time such final installments are paid the Bontang IV Trustee shall
forthwith convert to cash any investments then held in the Debt
Service Account and Reserve Account and promptly give notice to the
Accountants of the amount held in such account after the receipt of
such cash proceeds.  Upon receipt of instructions from the
Accountants, which shall state that they are issued pursuant to
provisions of the Debt Service Allocation Agreement relating to
final distribution of the Debt Service Account and Reserve Account,
the Bontang IV Trustee shall distribute the funds then held in the
Debt Service Account and Reserve Account, as specified in such
instructions, and thereafter close the relevant accounts.


     3.4  Borrowing Instructions.

          (a)  Prior to any borrowing under the Loan Agreement,
Pertamina shall give the Bontang IV Trustee written notice of each
entity and individual authorized to give borrowing instructions to
the Bontang IV Trustee with respect to the Loan Agreement.  No
other entity or individual shall be authorized to give such
borrowing instructions.  Any such entity or individual may be
changed by subsequent written notice from Pertamina to the Bontang
IV Trustee.

          (b)  Each borrowing instruction shall specify (i) that
the borrowing is to be made under the Loan Agreement, (ii) the date
and amount thereof and (iii) the persons to whom the Loan Proceeds
should be paid, which (x) in the case of amounts still to be ap-
plied to the design, engineering, procurement and construction of
or otherwise relating to Train F shall be a disbursement trust fund
of the type referred to in Section 3.5 hereof, (y) in the case of
reimbursement of costs previously incurred for the design,
engineering, procurement and construction of or otherwise relating
to Train F shall be to such persons as the borrowing instruction
shall specify, and (z) in the case of Borrowed Amounts, shall be as
provided in Sections 3.2(d), (e) and (f).

          (c)  In the event any borrowing instruction does not
include all of the information required by subsection (b) above,
the Bontang IV Trustee shall promptly so notify the instructing
entity by telex, cable or facsimile transmission (with a copy to
the Producers) and shall not comply with such incomplete
instructions.

          (d)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall take such action as is
required to effect the specified borrowing under the Loan
Agreement.

     3.5  Disbursement Trust; Payment Instructions.

          (a)  Subject to Sections 3.2(d), (e) and (f) and
3.4(b)(iii)(y), all Loan Proceeds shall be disbursed directly into
a disbursement trust fund pursuant to a Disbursement Trust
Agreement for Train F having the following features:

               (i)  The disbursement trust fund will be maintained
by Continental Bank International, as Disbursement Trustee.

               (ii) The parties to the Disbursement Trust Agreement
shall be the Disbursement Trustee and the Bontang IV Trustee.

               (iii)     The Bontang IV Trustee shall have the
power to enter into or modify the Disbursement Trust Agreement upon
its receipt of notice from the Producers that they have approved
the form and terms of such agreement or modification and that they
authorize and request the Bontang IV Trustee to enter into such
agreement or modification.  Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 12.3, the representative of a Contractor shall not have
authority to give such approval for any Contract or other than
itself.

          (b)  (i)  Pertamina shall, at the time the Disbursement
Trust Agreement is executed and delivered, give the Bontang IV
Trustee written notice of each entity and individual authorized to
give payment instructions to the Bontang IV Trustee with respect to
the Disbursement Trust Agreement.  No other entity or individual
shall be authorized to give such payment instructions.  Any such
entity or individual may be changed by subsequent written notice
from Pertamina to the Bontang IV Trustee.

               (ii) Each payment instruction shall be transmitted
by telex or facsimile to the Bontang IV Trustee, with a copy by
hand delivery or by telex or facsimile to the Producers, and shall
include the following information:

                    (1)  the Disbursement Trust Agreement under
     which the payment is to be made;

                    (2)  the name of the payee and the place and
     manner of payment;

                    (3)  the amount of such payment and the
     currency to be used; and

                    (4)  a brief description of the purpose of such
     payment, together with the relevant invoice number or
     designation of other relevant payment documentation.

               (iii)     In the event any payment instruction does
not include all of the information required by subsection (ii)
above, the Bontang IV Trustee shall promptly so notify the
instructing entity by telex or facsimile transmission (with a copy
to the Producers) and shall not comply with such incomplete
instructions.

               (iv) Except in the case of payments to be made as
provided in Section 3.4(b) for costs previously incurred or as
provided in Sections 3.2(d), (e) and (f), the Bontang IV Trustee
shall forward each payment instruction to the Disbursement Trustee.

          (c)  (i)  With respect to the Disbursement Trust
Agreement and the investment income earned from amounts held
thereunder in each calendar year, the Producers shall, on or after
February 15 in each year, cause the Accountants to notify the
Bontang IV Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) of the amount of
such investment income earned during the previous calendar year
(and not disbursed pursuant to payment instructions) and the
portions due each of the Producers.  Upon receipt of each such
notice, the Bontang IV Trustee shall promptly send the same to the
Disbursement Trustee, which notices shall include a payment
instruction for the Disbursement Trustee to pay such amount to the
Bontang IV Trustee.

               (ii) From time to time, the Producers may notify the
Bontang IV Trustee that all Financed Capital Projects to be paid
for under the Disbursement Trust Agreement have been completed. 
Any such notice shall contain the following information:

                    (1)  With respect to Loan Proceeds still held
     under the Disbursement Trust Agreement, the portion thereof to
     be repaid to the Lenders, the portion thereof to be paid to
     the Bontang IV Trustee for the account of the Producers and
     the portion thereof to which each of the Producers is
     entitled.

                    (2)  With respect to investment income earned
     under the Disbursement Trust Agreement and not previously
     distributed, the portion thereof to be paid to the Bontang IV
     Trustee for the account of the Producers and the portion
     thereof to which each of the Producers is entitled.

          Upon receipt of such notice, the Bontang IV Trustee shall
send the same to the Disbursement Trustee together with an
instruction to terminate the disbursement trust under, and to make
payment of all amounts then held under, the Disbursement Trust
Agreement in conformity with the notice referred to above in this
clause (ii) and the terms of the Disbursement Trust Agreement.

     3.6  Duties of Bontang IV Trustee with Respect to
Instructions.  In acting on any borrowing instruction or forwarding
any payment instruction hereunder or any Notice of Borrowing under
the Loan Agreement, the Bontang IV Trustee shall not have any
responsibility for determining whether or not the borrowing being
incurred or the payment being made is being properly incurred or
made in accordance with the provisions of any agreement or any
understandings among the Producers or any other parties, it being
understood that the Bontang IV Trustee's sole responsibility in
such circumstances shall be to take such action with respect to
such instruction as specified in Section 3.4 or Section 3.5(b), as
the case may be.

     3.7  Bontang IV Depositaries.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall,
upon the authorization and request of the Producers, and in
accordance with the Loan Agreement, appoint or remove any Bontang
IV Depositary as set forth below.

          (a)  The Bontang IV Trustee may entrust any Bontang IV
Depositary with the exclusive custody and possession of any funds,
properties and rights in the Debt Service Account or the Reserve
Account or both.  The Bontang IV Trustee's responsibility with
respect to the funds, properties and rights held by a Bontang IV
Depositary shall be only to maintain and administer the accounting
of the Debt Service Account or the Reserve Account or both.  Each
Bontang IV Depositary shall have the exclusive custody and
possession of the funds, properties and rights held by it.

          (b)  It shall be a condition to the appointment of any
Bontang IV Depositary hereunder that the bank, trust company or
financial institution so appointed shall conform to the definition
of "Bontang IV Depositary" set forth herein and shall agree to hold
the funds, properties and rights held by it in trust on the same
basis, and subject to the same rights and obligations, as are set
forth in this Agreement with respect to the Bontang IV Trustee, and
upon such agreement such rights and obligations shall be enjoyed by
and binding upon such Bontang IV Depositary.  The terms of
appointment of any Bontang IV Depositary shall not be inconsistent
with the provisions of this Agreement.

          (c)  Without the written consent of the Producers and the
Agent on behalf of the Majority Lenders pursuant to the Loan
Agreement, no funds, properties or rights shall be transferred from
the custody and possession of the Bontang IV Trustee to the custody
and possession of the Bontang IV Depositary nor, except in the case
such transfer shall be required for effecting payments necessary
hereunder, shall any such funds, properties or rights be
transferred from a Bontang IV Depositary to the Bontang IV Trustee
without such consent.


                                 ARTICLE 4

                ESTABLISHMENT OF BONTANG IV PAYMENT ACCOUNT

     4.1  Bontang IV Payment Account.  On the Effective Date, a
sub-account of the Bontang IV General Account designated as the
"Bontang IV Payment Account" shall be opened by the Bontang IV
Trustee at the Trustee's Office.


     4.2  Funds to be Deposited.  Commencing on the date of the
first receipt by the Bontang IV Trustee under Article 2 and
continuing throughout the term of this Agreement the Bontang IV
Trustee shall, promptly after receipt by it of any amount hereunder
(other than Loan Proceeds), deposit in the Bontang IV Payment
Account all amounts in the Bontang IV General Account other than
Source of Debt Service and all amounts of Source of Debt Service in
the Bontang IV General Account not required to be paid over into
the Debt Service Account or the Reserve Account pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 3.2 and 3.3.  In addition, in respect of
each Quarterly Period, the Bontang IV Trustee shall, promptly after
the written statement setting forth the Debt Coverage Ratio to be
delivered in such Quarterly Period pursuant to Section 6.1(b) of
the Loan Agreement shall have been delivered to the Lenders,
deposit in the Bontang IV Payment Account the amount, if any, by
which the amount then in the Regular Reserve Account exceeds the
Anticipated Loan Amounts applicable for such Quarterly Period in
accordance with Section 3.2(i)(1).


                                 ARTICLE 5

             DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO PROCESSING CHARGES

     5.1  Submission and Payment.  The Producers shall submit to
the Bontang IV Trustee debit notes received from P.T. Badak on
account of LNG processing charges.  To the extent that funds are
then held in the Bontang IV Payment Account the Bontang IV Trustee
shall, promptly upon receipt of notice from the Producers that any
such debit note has been approved for payment, pay to P.T. Badak
from the Bontang IV Payment Account the amount of such debit note,
pursuant to procedures to be agreed upon pursuant to Section 5.2.

     5.2  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall agree with P.T.
Badak on appropriate procedures for the payment of funds payable to
P.T. Badak pursuant to Section 5.1, and shall advise the Bontang IV
Trustee of such procedures, which shall include a requirement that
P.T. Badak furnish the Bontang IV Trustee with an acknowledgment
that each payment by the Bontang IV Trustee hereunder fully
satisfies the liabilities of the Producers with respect to the
debit note to which the payment relates.


                                 ARTICLE 6

                DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO OTHER CHARGES

     6.1  Submission and Payment.  It is contemplated that other
charges with respect to the production, sale or delivery of LNG
sold under the LNG Sales Contract will from time to time be payable
from the Bontang IV Payment Account.  Any Producer may submit to
the Bontang IV Trustee payment orders or instructions, or invoices
or other statements, received by it with respect to such charges. 
To the extent that funds are then held in the Bontang IV Payment
Account, the Bontang IV Trustee shall, promptly upon receipt of
notice from the Producers that any such payment order, instruction,
invoice or statement has been approved for payment, pay to the
person entitled thereto from the Bontang IV Payment Account the
amount thereof, pursuant to procedures to be agreed upon pursuant
to Section 6.2.

     6.2  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall agree with the
person submitting any invoice or statement payable pursuant to
Section 6.1 on appropriate procedures for the payment thereof, and
shall advise the Bontang IV Trustee of such procedures, which shall
include a requirement that the person receiving payment furnish the
Bontang IV Trustee with an acknowledgment that each payment by the
Bontang IV Trustee hereunder fully satisfies the liabilities of the
Producers with respect to the invoice or statement to which the
payment relates.


                                 ARTICLE 7

             DISBURSEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO SHARING PERCENTAGES

     7.1  Approved Level of Working Capital; Sharing Percentages. 
For the purposes of this Agreement the "Approved Level of Working
Capital" shall be that amount, if any, specified to the Bontang IV
Trustee in a notice from the Producers, and the respective "Sharing
Percentages" of each Producer shall be the percentages set forth in
the most recent certificates furnished to the Bontang IV Trustee
pursuant to Section 7.3.

     7.2  Charging of Amounts Payable; Payment of Excess.  The
respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer of all amounts
required to be paid into the Debt Service Account and the Reserve
Account under Sections 3.2 and 3.3, and of all amounts required to
be paid under Articles 5 and 6 and Sections 7.5 and 10.2, shall be
charged to each such Producer's Bontang IV Trust Fund Account.  The
(i) respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer of any excess
funds transferred from the Regular Reserve Account pursuant to
Section 4.2, (ii) amount of any excess funds distributed to each
Producer from the Debt Service Account and Reserve Account pursuant
to Section 3.3(k), and (iii) portion due each Producer from any
amounts received by the Bontang IV Trustee from the Disbursement
Trustee pursuant to Section 3.5(c), shall be credited to each such
Producer's Bontang IV Trust Fund Account.  Whenever and to the
extent that the amount held in the Bontang IV Payment Account at
the end of any business day of the Bontang IV Trustee in the City
of New York is in excess of the Approved Level of Working Capital,
after having deducted all amounts then required to be paid into the
Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account under Sections 3.2 and
3.3, and all amounts then payable by the Bontang IV Trustee under
Articles 5 and 6 and Sections 7.5 and 10.2, then, except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.3 or Article 11, such excess shall
be immediately paid out to the Producers in accordance with their
respective Sharing Percentages, as specified in the most recent
certificate for the current year furnished pursuant to Section 7.3.

     7.3  Accountants.  The Producers shall mutually appoint a firm
of independent public accountants to act as the accountants
hereunder (the "Accountants") and shall promptly advise the Bontang
IV Trustee of such appointment.

     The Accountants shall be directed to furnish to the Bontang IV
Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) a certificate on or before
the 15th day of December in each calendar year (initially for 1991
on or before the date hereof) setting forth the respective Sharing
Percentages of each Producer for the following calendar year (for
1991 in the case of the first such certificates).

     The Sharing Percentages shall be calculated as provided in the
respective Supply Agreements and the respective Production Sharing
Contracts, based upon actual or estimated production and costs as
required thereby.

     The Accountants shall also be directed to furnish to the
Bontang IV Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) on or before the
15th day of March, June and September in each calendar year a
revision of the certificate furnished for such year setting forth
the respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer based upon
revised estimates of production and costs for such year.

     In addition, the Accountants shall be directed to furnish to
the Bontang IV Trustee (with a copy to the Producers) on or before
the 15th day of February in each calendar year, commencing February
15, 1992, a final version of the certificate for the previous year
setting forth the respective Sharing Percentages of each Producer
based upon actual production and costs for the previous year.

     Every revised and final certificate shall specify the amount,
if any, by which the aggregate amount paid by the Bontang IV
Trustee to each Producer pursuant to the initial certificate and
any earlier revisions thereof under this Article 7 was greater or
less than the amount that would have been paid to each on the basis
of the Sharing Percentages which are certified therein and shall
specify the amount that will be required to be paid to any
underpaid Producer, in order to bring the total amount paid to it
into equitable relation to the amount paid to any overpaid
Producers so that the payments, as adjusted, would be in accordance
with such Sharing Percentages.  In the event that any such
certificate indicates that any of the Producers has been underpaid,
the Bontang IV Trustee, after receipt of the certificate, shall pay
to any such Producers pro rata in proportion to the amount by which
each such Producer was underpaid, all amounts otherwise payable
under this Article 7 to the Producers which have been overpaid
until each such underpaid Producer shall have received the entire
amount stated in the certificate as required to be paid to such
underpaid Producer.  After each such Producer has received the
entire amount it is entitled to receive as aforesaid, the Bontang
IV Trustee shall make all future payments to the Producers out of
the funds remitted in respect of the LNG Sales Contract in
accordance with the Sharing Percentages specified in the most
recent certificate relating thereto furnished to Bontang IV Trustee
pursuant to this Section 7.3.

     7.4  Arrangements for Payment.  Each Producer shall make such
reasonable arrangements with the Bontang IV Trustee as it shall
deem appropriate for the payment to it of amounts payable to it
under the terms of this Article 7.  Except as otherwise provided in
Section 7.5, each Contractor shall make its own arrangements with
respect to such payments directly with the Bontang IV Trustee and,
notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.3, the representative
of any Contractor Group shall have no authority to act for any
Contractor other than itself in making such arrangements.

     7.5  Special Disbursement Instructions.  The Producers
acknowledge that from time to time it may be necessary for amounts
which would otherwise be paid to Producers pursuant to Section 7.2
to be paid instead to (a) persons who have submitted invoices or
other statements for charges with respect to the production, sale
or delivery of LNG or LPG from the Bontang Plant under sales
contracts other than the LNG Sales Contract, (b) the trustee under
any trust established to pay charges of the type described in (a)
above, (c) the trustee under any of the Other Trust Agreements or
(d) Mobil, in order to satisfy certain obligations of the Producers
having interests in the Bontang IV Payment Account.  Accordingly,
notwithstanding the payment arrangements made with the Bontang IV
Trustee pursuant to Section 7.4, each Contractor hereby authorizes
the representative of any of the Contractor Groups of which it is
a member, as designated in or pursuant to Section 12.3, to give to
the Bontang IV Trustee from time to time on its behalf such Special
Disbursement Instructions as such representative may deem necessary
or appropriate to authorize such payments.  Each representative
shall give copies of any such Special Disbursement Instruction to
the members of its Contractor Group contemporaneously with the
transmission thereof to the Bontang IV Trustee, by the same means
of transmission.  As used herein, a "Special Disbursement Instruc-
tion" means an instruction so entitled which (i) is given by the
Producers as provided in Section 12.3, (ii) instructs the Bontang
IV Trustee to pay to persons described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or
(d) above any amount which would otherwise be paid to Producers
pursuant to Section 7.2, and (iii) specifies the funds from which
such payment is to be made.  Any Special Disbursement Instruction
requiring payment to another trustee shall also specify the account
or accounts to which such funds are to be credited and direct the
Bontang IV Trustee to notify such trustee that such payment is a
Special Disbursement Amount for the account or accounts so
specified.  The inclusion of this Section 7.5 shall have no effect
on the authority of the Bontang IV Trustee to act and rely upon any
other special disbursement or transfer instruction which does not
comply with this Section 7.5 so long as such instruction is given
in an instrument executed by all of the Producers.

     7.6  Payment Procedures.  The Producers shall agree with the
persons specified in Section 7.5(a) on appropriate procedures for
the payment of the relevant invoices or statements, and shall
advise the Bontang IV Trustee of such procedures which shall
include a requirement that the person receiving payment furnish the
Bontang IV Trustee with an acknowledgement that each payment by the
Bontang IV Trustee hereunder fully satisfies the liabilities of the
person to whom such invoice or statement is addressed with respect
thereto.

     7.7  Receipt of Special Disbursements.  The Bontang IV Trustee
may from time to time receive Special Disbursement Amounts from the
trustee under any of the Other Trust Agreements.  Immediately upon
the Bontang IV Trustee's receipt of any funds identified as a
Special Disbursement Amount, such funds shall be impressed with the
trust created hereby and become a part of the Bontang IV Trust
Funds.  Any such amounts received by the Bontang IV Trustee shall
be deposited in the account hereunder specified by the remitting
trustee. 


                                 ARTICLE 8

           PROCEDURES RESPECTING ACCOUNTS UNDER  THIS  AGREEMENT

     8.1  Accounting for Assets.  All assets under the jurisdiction
and control of the Bontang IV Trustee and held from time to time in
the Bontang IV Trust Funds shall be accounted for within the
Bontang IV General Account specifying the sub-account to which such
assets may be allocated, the bank or banks at which cash deposits
may be maintained and the place or places at which investment
securities may be held in custody for the account of the Bontang IV
Trustee.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall maintain such books of
account and other records as may be necessary to ensure full and
proper segregation of the funds credited to such accounts as may be
established by the Bontang IV Trustee hereunder.  It shall also
segregate, and keep such accounts separate, from any accounts which
may be established by it as trustee and paying agent under the
Other Trust Agreements.  Such books of account shall be open to
inspection by the duly authorized representatives of any of the
Producers at all reasonable times.

     8.2  Reports.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall furnish to each of
the Producers the following reports:

          (a)  As soon as practicable (and not later than 45 days)
after the close of each calendar year, a statement prepared by the
Bontang IV Trustee, setting forth the amount and source (by
category) of funds received pursuant to this Agreement and the dis-
bursement of such funds as disclosed by the records and accounts
kept by the Bontang IV Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1 during such
preceding calendar year, and a statement of the cash and
investments held in the accounts under this Agreement as of the end
of such period.

          (b)  Within 20 days after the close of each calendar
quarter, a statement prepared by the Bontang IV Trustee setting
forth the amount and source (by category) of funds received
pursuant to this Agreement and the disbursements of such funds as
disclosed by the records and accounts kept by the Bontang IV
Trustee pursuant to Section 8.1 during such preceding calendar
quarter and a statement of the cash and investments held in the
accounts under this Agreement as of the end of such period.

          (c)  Promptly after its receipt or disbursement of any
funds pursuant to this Agreement, the Bontang IV Trustee shall
notify the Producers by telex or facsimile transmission of such
transactions specifying the amount and the source (by category) of
the funds received and disbursed and the amounts credited or
charged to the Bontang IV General Account or any sub-account
thereof.

     Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.3 respecting the
representatives of the Contractor Groups, each of the reports
required by clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 8.2 shall be
furnished by the Bontang IV Trustee directly to each Contractor at
its address specified pursuant to Section 12.3.

     8.3  Producer Accounts.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall maintain
separate accounts for each Producer which are sufficient to reflect
each such Producer's interest in the assets, liabilities, receipts
and disbursements of the Bontang IV Trust Funds, and its right to
distributions therefrom (the "Bontang IV Trust Funds Accounts"). 
It is the intention of each Producer that the trust created hereby
be a security trust of the type described in Treas. Reg. 1.61-13(b)
and I.T. 1942, III-1 C.B. 11 (1924).  Accordingly, each Producer
agrees for U.S. income tax purposes to account for its share of the
receipts and disbursements made pursuant to this Agreement as if it
had received such amounts directly and made such disbursements
directly, and the Bontang IV Trustee agrees for United States
income tax purposes, unless advised by the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service to the contrary, to treat such receipts and disbursements
in a manner consistent with its status as the agent for each such
party, or if so advised by the Bontang IV Trustee's counsel, as the
trustee of a separate grantor trust for each such party within the
meaning of Section 671 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and the regulations thereunder.


                                 ARTICLE 9

         INVESTMENT OF FUNDS HELD IN ACCOUNTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

     9.1  Permitted Investments.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall
invest amounts held by it from time to time in the Bontang IV
Payment Account, the Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account
solely in:

               (i)  Eurodollar bank time deposits or Eurodollar
certificates of deposit with banks or both whose deposits are rated
"P-l" by Moody's Bank Credit Report Service and "A-l+" by Standard
and Poor's Corporation CD Ranking Service; or

               (ii) such other types of short-term interest-bearing
bank time deposits and certificates of deposit (x) as to which
there is applicable a sovereign guarantee of repayment of principal
or other evidence of sovereign support in respect of such repayment
as approved by the Producers and, with respect to amounts, if any,
held in the Debt Service Account or the Reserve Account or any
sub-account thereof for the Lenders under the Loan Agreement,
approved by the Majority Lenders; and (y) issued by banks having at
least $100,000,000.00 (or its equivalent) of capital and earned
surplus (or equivalent accounts) as reflected in the then current
financial statements of the issuing banks; or

               (iii)     if, due to the relatively small amount of
funds to be invested, the unconventional period during which such
funds are to be invested or similar factors, investments of the
type authorized by clauses (i) and (ii) above are not generally
available for such funds, the Bontang IV Trustee may invest such
funds in short-term Eurodollar time deposits, Eurodollar
certificates of deposit or Eurodollar repurchase agreements, or any
combination of the foregoing, in each case with any bank or banks
each having at least $100,000,000.00 (or its equivalent) of capital
and earned surplus (or equivalent accounts) as reflected in the
then current financial statements of such bank or banks; provided,
however, that the aggregate principal amount of such funds so
invested shall not exceed $1,000,000.00 at any one time.

     In no event shall the aggregate amount invested by the Bontang
IV Trustee pursuant to the foregoing provisions in time deposits or
certificates of deposit with, or issued by, respectively, any one
bank exceed 10% of such bank's capital and earned surplus (or
equivalent accounts) as reflected in the bank's then current
financial statements.  For purposes of investments pursuant to
clause (ii) above, the Bontang IV Trustee shall request the
approval of the Producers in accordance with Section 12.5 and, as
applicable, the Majority Lenders by giving notice, which request
shall specify the type of investment proposed and the nature of any
sovereign guarantee or support applicable thereto.  The Bontang IV
Trustee shall use its best efforts to assure that the final
maturity of any such investment does not extend beyond the time
when the amounts used to acquire such investments would be required
for any other application hereunder.

     9.2  Prudence and Yield.  In making any investments pursuant
to Section 9.1 the Bontang IV Trustee shall be guided by the
standards of a prudent investor seeking the maximum yield available
consistent with security of principal at all times.

     9.3  Interest Allocation.  Interest or any other income
arising out of investment of the Bontang IV Trust Funds shall be
and become a part of the Bontang IV Trust Funds, allocated to the
account for which such investment was made.  Interest or any other
income arising out of investment of funds in a sub-account of the
Debt Service Account or the Reserve Account shall be allocated to
the sub-account for which such investment was made.

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE 10

                     CONCERNING THE BONTANG IV TRUSTEE

     10.1 Duties. In connection with its duties, rights and powers
under this Agreement (including in relation to transactions it may
enter into pursuant hereto), the Bontang IV Trustee shall be
subject to the following:

          (a)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall be entitled to act upon
any notice, certificate, request, direction, waiver, receipt or
other document which it in good faith believes to be genuine; and
it shall be entitled to rely upon the due execution, validity and
effectiveness, and the truth and acceptability of any provisions
contained therein.

          (b)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall not be liable for any
error of judgment or for any act done or omitted by it in good
faith or for any mistake of fact or law, or for anything which it
may do or refrain from doing, except for its own gross negligence
or willful misconduct.

          (c)  The Bontang IV Trustee may consult with, and obtain
advice from, accounting and legal advisers and it shall incur no
liability or loss and shall be fully protected in acting in good
faith in accordance with the opinion and advice of such advisers.

          (d)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall have no duties other
than those specifically set forth or provided for in this
Agreement.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall have no obligation to
familiarize itself with and shall have no responsibility with
respect to any agreement to which it is not a party relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement nor any obligation to
inquire whether any notice, instruction, statement or calculation
is in conformity with the terms of any such agreement, except for
those irregularities, errors or mistakes apparent on the face of
such document or to the knowledge of the Bontang IV Trustee.  If,
however, any remittance or communication received by the Bontang IV
Trustee appears erroneous or irregular on its face, the Bontang IV
Trustee shall be under a duty to make prompt inquiry to the person
or party originating such remittance or communication in order to
determine whether clerical error or inadvertent mistake has
occurred.

     10.2 Compensation.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall be entitled
to reasonable compensation to be agreed upon from time to time
among the parties for the services to be performed by it hereunder
and to be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Bontang IV Trustee in connection therewith.  The
Bontang IV Trustee may charge such agreed compensation and expenses
to the Bontang IV Payment Account, providing the Producers with
such evidence as to the nature and amount of such expenses as any
of the Producers may reasonably require.  If the balance in the
Bontang IV Payment Account is insufficient therefor, each Producer
shall pay such compensation and expenses to the Bontang IV Trustee,
provided, however, that the obligation of each respective
Contractor with respect to this Section 10.2 shall be pro rata in
accordance with its respective Sharing Percentage.

     10.3 Resignation. The Bontang IV Trustee may, at any time, by
notice to the Producers and the Agent tender its resignation as
Trustee and Paying Agent under this Agreement.  The Producers may,
at any time by notice jointly given by them, terminate the Bontang
IV Trustee's appointment hereunder.  Such resignation or
termination shall be effective as from the appointment of a
successor as hereinafter provided.

     10.4 Appointment of Successor.  Within 60 days of receipt of
a notice of resignation or issuance of a notice of termination, the
Producers shall jointly appoint a successor, being a bank in the
United States acceptable to the Producers.  The proposed successor
bank (the "Successor") shall promptly give notice of its ap-
pointment to the Bontang IV Trustee and shall execute and deliver
to each of the parties hereto an instrument in writing accepting
its appointment hereunder which shall specify the office of the
Successor in the United States which is to be the Trustee's Office
for the purpose of this Agreement.

     10.5 Application to Court.  If in any case a Successor shall
not be appointed pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
Article 10 within the 60 days aforesaid, the Bontang IV Trustee may
apply to any court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a
Successor, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 12.2.  Such
court may thereupon, in any case, after such notice, if any, as
such court may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a Successor.

     10.6 Successor Vested with Rights.  Upon and from the
execution and delivery of its acceptance in writing as aforesaid,
the Successor without any further act or deed shall become fully
vested with all the rights, powers and duties and subject to all
the obligations of the Bontang IV Trustee hereunder, but the
Bontang IV Trustee, upon payment of all sums due it and on the
written request of the Producers shall execute and deliver an
instrument transferring to the Successor the Bontang IV Trust
Funds, including all funds held in the Bontang IV Payment Account,
the Debt Service Account and the Reserve Account and assigning to
the Successor all its rights hereunder and under any Bontang IV
Disbursement Trust Agreements and all of its rights with respect to
any Bontang IV Depositary.

     10.7 Payments After Notice.  Upon and from the date of
notification from any Successor, any person required to pay amounts
to the Bontang IV Trustee under this Agreement shall pay the
Successor at its office specified as aforesaid all amounts
described herein as payable to the Bontang IV Trustee.

     10.8 Indemnification.  The Producers hereby agree to indemnify
the Bontang IV Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against any
loss, liability, claim, judgment, settlement, compromise or
reasonable expense incurred or suffered without gross negligence or
willful misconduct on the part of the Bontang IV Trustee, arising
out of or in connection with its entering into this Agreement and
carrying out its duties or exercising its rights hereunder,
including the cost and expenses of defending itself against any
claim of liability in the premises.

     10.9 Trustee in Individual Capacity.  Each of the parties
hereto acknowledges and consents that the Bontang IV Trustee, in
its individual capacity, or any affiliate thereof shall have the
same rights, powers and authority to enter into any deposit
agreement, loan agreement or any other banking or business
relationship permitted by law with any of the Producers, the
Lenders or the Agent (without having to account therefor to any of
the Producers) as though it were not the Trustee and Paying Agent
under this Agreement.


                                ARTICLE 11

                          DEBT SERVICE ALLOCATION

     11.1 Debt Service Allocation Definitions.  In addition to and
in amendment of the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the
following terms shall, solely for purposes of this Article 11, have
the meanings set forth below:

     "Aggregate Dollar Share" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 11.3.

     "Allocation Trust Agreements" shall mean this Agreement, the
Bontang III Trust Agreement, the  Bontang II Trust Agreement, the
Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement and the Bontang LPG Trust
Agreement.

     "Allocation Trustees" shall mean all of the trustees under the
Allocation Trust Agreements,  collectively, and "Allocation
Trustee" shall mean one of such Allocation Trustees as the context
may require.

     "Bontang LPG Trust Agreement" shall mean the Bontang LPG
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of August 1, 1988,
among the Producers and Continental Bank International, as
hereafter amended.

     "Bontang LPG Trustee" shall mean the trustee and paying agent
under the Bontang LPG Trust Agreement.

     "Borrowing Trustees" shall mean those Trustees which are a
party to any of the Financing Agreements and "Borrowing Trustee"
shall mean one of such Borrowing Trustees as the context may
require.

     "Contingent Support" shall have the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Bontang III Trust Agreement.

     "Contingent Support Trustees" shall mean all of the trustee
and paying agents under the Bontang Excess Sales Trust Agreement
and any Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreements of which the
Bontang IV Trustee has been notified by Pertamina, collectively,
and "Contingent Support Trustee" shall mean one of such Contingent
Support Trustees as the context may require.

     "Debt Service" shall mean (i) amounts paid into any Debt
Service Account by a Borrowing Trustee (other than amounts so paid
from the proceeds of any borrowing under a Financing Agreement or
by the Bontang III Trustee from Contingent Support), (ii) amounts
which any Borrowing Trustee has been notified as having been paid
by one or more Producers and identified to such Borrowing Trustee
as "Debt Service" under the Debt Service Allocation Agreement with
respect to indebtedness of such Borrowing Trustee, (iii) Contingent
Support paid by any Contingent Support Trustee to the Bontang III
Trustee and (iv) trustee's fees and expenses of the Bontang I
Trustee incurred in connection with Financing Agreement No. 1 or
Financing Agreement No. 2 which are charged to the Badak Current
Account under the Bontang I Trust Agreement.

     "Debt Service Accounts" shall mean all accounts, including any
sub-accounts thereof, which a Borrowing Trustee opens and into
which it transfers LNG revenues or other funds in anticipation of
payments of, or as a reserve for possible payments of, principal,
interest and other fees and expenses pursuant to any of the
Financing Agreements and "Debt Service Account" shall mean one of
such Debt Service Accounts as the context may require.

     "Estimated Debt Service Percentages" shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 11.2.

     "Financing Agreement No. 1" shall mean Bontang Capital
Projects Loan Agreement No. 1 dated as of September 10, 1986, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, entered into by the Bontang I
Trustee.

     "Financing Agreement No. 2" shall mean Bontang Capital
Projects Loan Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, entered into by the Bontang  I
Trustee.

     "Financing Agreement No. 3" shall mean Bontang III Loan
Agreement dated as of February 9, 1988, as hereafter amended,
entered into by the Bontang III Trustee.

     "Financing Agreement No. 4" shall mean Bontang IV Loan
Agreement dated as of the date hereof, as hereafter amended,
entered into by the Bontang IV Trustee.

     "Financing Agreements" shall mean Financing Agreement No. 1,
Financing Agreement No. 2, Financing Agreement No. 3, Financing
Agreement No. 4 and any other agreement designated as a "Financing
Agreement" in a notice to the Bontang IV Trustee from the
Producers.

     "Producers Agreement" shall mean any agreement so entitled
among the Producers, or any of them, and lenders under a Financing
Agreement, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Provisional Debt Service" shall mean, with respect to any
Debt Service, payments by any Allocation Trustee to reimburse
Producers which have borne more than their respective Estimated
Debt Service Percentages of such Debt Service, together with
interest on the Reimbursement Amount from and including the date of
such Debt Service payment to, but not including, the date of such
reimbursement, at the rate equal to the weighted average of the
interest rates in effect under Financing Agreement No. 3 on the
date of such reimbursement.

     "Reimbursement Amount" shall mean the amount of any
Provisional Debt Service payment other than the portion thereof
attributable to interest on said reimbursement amount.

     "Special Long Term Sales Trust Agreements" shall have the
meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Bontang III Trust Agreement.

     "Trust Agreements" shall mean, collectively, this Agreement
and all Other Trust Agreements, and "Trust Agreement" shall mean
one of such Trustee Agreements as the context may require.

     "Trustees" shall mean the trustee and paying agents under the
Trust Agreements, and "Trustee" shall mean one of such Trustees as
the context may require.

     11.2 Estimated Debt Service Percentages.  The Debt Service
Allocation Agreement requires that the Accountants calculate, and
deliver to the Allocation Trustees from time to time certificates
setting forth, the Estimated Debt Service Percentages for each
Producer of the estimated amounts of each type of Debt Service to
be paid by the Borrowing Trustees and the Contingent Support
Trustees (the percentages last so certified as to each period for
each Producer being its "Estimated Debt Service Percentages"). 
Each Trust Agreement to which a Borrowing Trustee is a party
provides that such Borrowing Trustee shall promptly give notice to
the Allocation Trustees of (i) each payment into a Debt Service
Account made by such Borrowing Trustee specifying any amounts so
paid from the proceeds of any borrowing under a Financing Agreement
and, in the case of the Bontang III Trustee, from Contingent
Support, (ii) each transfer, payment or distribution from a Debt
Service Account, or any disbursement trust pursuant to a Financing
Agreement, of funds in excess of the amount required to be held
therein from time to time, (iii) each payment of Debt Service of
which such Borrowing Trustee has been notified made by a Producer
pursuant to a Producers Agreement, and (iv) the portion of each
such payment of Debt Service, whether made by such Borrowing
Trustee or a Producer, borne by each Producer, after taking into
account such Producer's interest in any excess funds transferred,
paid or distributed from any Debt Service Account, or any
disbursement trust pursuant to a Financing Agreement, to or for the
account of any Producers.  Each Trust Agreement to which a
Contingent Support Trustee is a party provides for similar notices.

     In the event that such notices received by the Bontang IV
Trustee, together with the notices referred to in the last sentence
of this paragraph and all similar notices received from the other
Allocation Trustees, considered in the aggregate, show at any time
that any Producers have borne more than their Estimated Debt
Service Percentages of Debt Service ("underpaid Producers"), the
Bontang IV Trustee shall thereafter make Provisional Debt Service
payments to the underpaid Producers, pro rata in proportion to the
excess amount borne by each such Producer, out of all amounts
otherwise payable under Article 7 to the Producers which have borne
less than their Estimated Debt Service Percentages of such Debt
Service until the Reimbursement Amount of the aggregate Provisional
Debt Service payments received by each of the underpaid Producers
from the Allocation Trustees equals the excess amount of Debt
Service borne by such Producer.  The Bontang IV Trustee shall
promptly advise each other Allocation Trustee of each such
Provisional Debt Service payment made by it.

     11.3 Aggregate Dollar Share.  The Debt Service Allocation
Agreement also requires that the Accountants calculate, and deliver
to the Allocation Trustees from time to time certificates setting
forth, the portion of Debt Service each Producer should have borne
of the Debt Service paid by the Borrowing Trustees and the
Contingent Support Trustees (the amount last so certified as to
each period for each Producer being its "Aggregate Dollar Share")
and the portion thereof which has actually been borne by each
Producer.  In the event that any such calculations indicate that
any Producers have borne more than their Aggregate Dollar Shares of
Debt Service during the period in question ("underpaid Producers"),
the Accountants are required to instruct the Bontang IV Trustee to
pay to the underpaid Producers, pro rata in proportion to the
excess amount borne by each such Producer, all amounts otherwise
payable under Article 7 to the Producers which have borne less than
their Aggregate Dollar Shares for the period in question until the
aggregate amount received by each of the underpaid Producers from
the Allocation Trustees (as shown by the notices referred to in the
last sentence of this paragraph and all similar notices received
from the other Allocation Trustees) equals the amount stated in
such instructions to be the excess amount borne by such Producer. 
The Bontang IV Trustee shall promptly advise each other Allocation
Trustee of each such payment pursuant to this Section 11.3.

     Upon receipt of any such instructions the Bontang IV Trustee
shall give effect thereto commencing with the next payments to
Producers pursuant to Article 7.

     11.4 Pro Rata Treatment.  In the event that the funds
available for making the payments required by Sections 11.2 and
11.3 shall not be sufficient to make the payments therein required
in full, such funds shall be paid to the Producers entitled to
payments pursuant to such Sections pro rata in proportion to the
amounts payable to each such Producer thereunder.

     11.5 Income From the Disbursement Trust.  In order to
implement the provisions of Section 2.4 of the Debt Service
Allocation Agreement, upon receipt of instructions from the
Accountants, which shall state that they are issued pursuant to
said Section, and receipt from the Disbursement Trustee of the
funds specified in such instructions, the Bontang IV Trustee shall
distribute the funds so received as specified in such instructions.


                                ARTICLE 12

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     12.1 Counterparts; Term.  This Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete sets of
counterparts shall be lodged with the Bontang IV Trustee.  This
Agreement shall be effective as of the date hereof, and shall
remain in effect until the Producers shall have notified the
Bontang IV Trustee that this Agreement shall terminate.

     12.2 Disputes.  All disputes arising among the parties
relating to this Agreement or the interpretation or performance
thereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in the
English language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the
rules of arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce. 
Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction, or application be made to such court for a judicial
acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement as the case may
be.  Any award made under this Section 12.2 shall be binding upon
all parties concerned.

     12.3 Notices. All notices, approvals, instructions, and other
communications for purposes of this Agreement shall be in writing,
which shall include transmission by cable, telex, or facsimile
transmission.  All communications given by mail, cable, telex, or
facsimile transmissions shall be directed as set forth below,
provided that in the event any communication is received by the
Bontang IV Trustee from a cable, telex or facsimile number other
than those set forth below, its responses thereto may be directed
to the number from which such communication was received.

               (a)  To Pertamina at the following mail, cable,
telex and facsimile addresses, in each case to the attention of the
Director of Finance:

          Perusahaan Partambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
            (Pertamina)
          Jalan Medan Mardeka Timur 1A
          Jakarta, Indonesia
          Cable:         Pertamina Jakarta, Indonesia via RCA
          Telex No.:          44441/44134
          (Answerback):       PTMJKT 1A)
          Facsimile No.: 62-21 343 882

               (b)  To the Contractors comprising the Vico Group at
the following mail, telex and facsimile addresses:

          Virginia Indonesia Company
          6-llth Floor
          Kuningan Plaza-South Tower 
          Jalan H.R. Rasuna Said 
          Kav.  C 11-14
          Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia 
          Telex No. 79644421/7964457 
          (Answerback: VICO IA)
          Facsimile No.: 62-21 380 0037
<PAGE>
               (c)   To the Contractors comprising the Total Group
at the following mail, cable, telex and facsimile addresses:

          Total Indonesie
          P.O. Box 1010
          Jakarta 10010
          Indonesia
          Cable:         Totalindo Jakarta
          Telex  No.:         44108
          (Answerback:   TOTAL JKT)
          Facsimile No.: 62-21 520 0834

               (d)  To the Contractors comprising the Unocal Group
at the following mail, telex and facsimile addresses:

          Unocal Indonesia,  Ltd.
          Ratu Plaza Office Tower, 7th Floor
          Jalan Jenderal Sudirman
          Jakarta,  Indonesia
          Telex  No.:         47335
          (Answerback:   UNOCAL IA)
          Facsimile No.: 62-21 720 4499

               (e)  To the Bontang IV Trustee or the trustee under
any Other Trust Agreement at the following mail, telex and
facsimile addresses, in each case to the attention of the LNG/LPG
Division:

          Continental Bank International
          520 Madison Avenue
          New York, New York  10022
          Telex  No.:         RCA 232304/ITT 420177
          (Answerback:   CBI UR/CBI UI)
          Facsimile No.: 1-212 605 1014/319 0676

               (f)  To Mobil at the following mail, cable, telex
and facsimile addresses:

          Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc.
          P.O. Box 400
          Jakarta, Indonesia
          Cable:         Mobiloil Jakarta
          Telex  No.:         47431
          (Answerback:   MOI JKT)
          Facsimile No.: 62-21 715 295

Each of Vico, Total and Unocal is hereby designated the sole
representative of the Contractors comprising its respective
Contractor Group for the giving and receipt of notices, approvals,
instructions and other communications to or from the Contractors
under this Agreement and, to the extent Contractors are entitled to
give or receive notices, approvals or instructions thereunder, the
Other Trust Agreements.  For purposes of the foregoing, unless
specifically provided otherwise, each reference in this Agreement
to the Producers or the Contractors, shall insofar as the
Contractors are concerned, require notices, approvals and other
communications to and from such representatives.  A new or
successor representative may be designated by notice to such effect
signed by all the Contractors comprising a Contractor Group given
to the parties to this Agreement 10 days in advance of any such
change.  Until receipt of any such notice, the parties to this
Agreement and the Other Trust Agreements may rely on any notice,
approval, instruction or other communication from or to the
representative of a Contractor Group as binding upon each of the
Contractors in such Contractor Group; provided that except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.5, nothing in this Agreement is
intended to grant the representative of a Contractor Group (or any
successor representative designated pursuant to this Section 12.3)
any power or authority as among the Contractors in such Contractor
Group themselves.

     The parties may designate additional addresses for particular
communications as required from time to time, and may change any
address, by notice given ten days in advance of such additions or
changes.  Immediately upon receiving communications by cable, telex
or facsimile transmission, a party may request a repeat transmittal
of the entire communication or confirmation of particular matters.

     Any notice to or from the Agent under the Loan Agreement shall
be given in accordance with this Section 12.3, addressed, if to the
Agent at the address set forth in the Loan Agreement.

     12.4 Incumbency Certificates; Notices.

          (a)  Pertamina and each representative of a Contractor
Group (or any successor representative of a Contractor Group
designated pursuant to Section 12.3) shall each furnish the Bontang
IV Trustee, from time to time, with duly executed incumbency
certificates showing the names, titles and specimen signatures of
the persons authorized on behalf of such party to give the
notifications and approvals required by this Agreement.

          (b)  The Producers shall arrange for the Accountants to
provide the Bontang IV Trustee from time to time with a
notification signed by two of its partners, advising the Bontang IV
Trustee of the name and title, and furnishing a specimen signature,
of the person or persons authorized to execute the certificates and
other documents required by this Agreement.

          (c)  The Producers shall arrange for Mobil to furnish the
Bontang IV Trustee, from time to time, with duly executed
incumbency certificates showing the names, titles and specimen
signatures of the persons authorized on behalf of Mobil to give the
notification and approvals required by this Agreement.

          (d)  Each of the Contractors shall furnish the Bontang IV
Trustee, from time to time, with such certificates or other
evidence as the Bontang IV Trustee may reasonably require showing
the names, titles, and specimen signatures of the persons
authorized on behalf of such party to make the payment arrangements
contemplated by Section 7.4.  Each Contractor shall also furnish
the Bontang IV Trustee, from time to time, with its address to
which the reports required by Section 8.2 shall be sent.

          (e)  The Bontang IV Trustee shall furnish the Producers
with notice of the officers of the Bontang IV Trustee who are
authorized to act on its behalf in the performance by the Bontang
IV Trustee of its duties under this Agreement.

          (f)  The Producers and the Accountants the Bontang IV
Trustee upon "test-key" arrangements for the purpose of
authenticating communications between them respectively which
authorize, accomplish, direct or otherwise deal with the transfer
of money under this Agreement.  If the Bontang IV Trustee or any
Producer receives such a communication which does not comply with
such arrangements, such recipient shall notify the sender of such
failure to comply, requesting correction thereof, and shall take no
action in accordance with such communication until such correction
is effected.

     12.5 No Amendment Except in Writing.  This Agreement may not
be revoked, amended, modified, varied or supplemented except by an
instrument in writing signed by all of the parties hereto.

     12.6 Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York,
United States of America applicable to agreements made and to be
performed entirely within such state.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized
signatories as of the date first above written.

                      PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
                      DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)


               By /s/                                      
                    Name:
                    Title:
<PAGE>
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY              UNION TEXAS EAST
                                        KALIMANTAN LIMITED

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                   

  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL                  UNIVERSE GAS & OIL
COMPANY                                 COMPANY, INC.

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                   
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.                   TOTAL INDONESIE

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                   
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED              UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                  
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:

                                        INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.

                                        By  /s/                   
                                                                           Name:
                                        Title:
                              
                     CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL  

                    By /s/                                        
                    
                        Name:
                        Title:  
<PAGE>
                        APPOINTMENT OF ACCOUNTANTS

                                   UNDER

               BONTANG IV TRUSTEE AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT

                                                        

  Reference is made to the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying Agent
Agreement dated as of August 26, 1991 (the "Bontang IV Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement"), among the undersigned parties and
Continental Bank International.  Terms defined in the Bontang IV
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement shall have the same meanings
herein as so defined.

  Pursuant to Section 7.3 of the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement the independent public accounting firm of Hanadi
Sudjendro & Co., Member firm of Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler,
and its successors from time to time, is hereby appointed to act as
the Accountants thereunder.  In preparation of the certificates
required pursuant to Section 7.3 of the Bontang IV Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement such Accountants are authorized to rely upon
confirmations from the auditors of the Total Group and the Unocal
Group with respect to the percentages in which natural gas produced
under their respective Production Sharing Contracts is shared among
such Contractor Groups and Pertamina.

                   Dated _______________________, 1991.

                      PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
                      DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)

                    By /s/                                        
                        Name:
                        Title:  


VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY              UNION TEXAS EAST
                                        KALIMANTAN LIMITED


By  /s/                                 By  /s/                  
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


<PAGE>
VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL                  UNIVERSE GAS & OIL
COMPANY                                 COMPANY, INC.

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                   
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.                   TOTAL INDONESIE

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                   
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED              UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD.

By  /s/                                 By  /s/                  
  Name:                                 Name:
  Title:                                Title:


                         INDONESIA PETROLEUM LTD.

                    By /s/                                       
                        Name:
                        Title:  
 
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.37
<SEQUENCE>23
<DESCRIPTION>$750,000,000 BONTANG IV LOAN AGMT.
<TEXT>








                         BONTANG IV LOAN AGREEMENT



                              $750,000,000.00

                                   among

                      CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL

                                as Trustee
                     under the Bontang IV Trustee and
                          Paying Agent Agreement

                               as Borrower,

       CHASE MANHATTAN ASIA LIMITED and THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED

                             as Coordinators,

                       the other banks and financial
                  institutions named herein as Arrangers,
                  Co-Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers,
                         Co-Managers and Lenders,

      THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A. and THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED
                               as Co -Agents
                                    and
                      THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.
                                 as Agent

                        Dated as of August 26, 1991




<PAGE>
                            TABLE OF CONTENTS*


                                                           Page

RECITALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1

1.   DEFINITIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2

2.   THE ADVANCES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15

     2.1     The Commitments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
     2.2     Manner of Borrowing . . . . . . . . . . . . .16
     2.3     Interest. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .18
     2.4     Election of Interest Periods. . . . . . . . .18
     2.5     Determination of Interest Rates . . . . . . .19
     2.6     Alternative Interest Rates. . . . . . . . . .19
     2.7     Interest Rate on Overdue Amounts;
              Other Indemnities. . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
     2.8     Fees. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23

     2.9     The Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .23
     2.10    Repayment  on Maturity Dates; Deferral. . . .25
     2.11    Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        26

3.   PAYMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27

     3.1     Allocation of Amounts; Substitute Payment . .27
     3.2     Funds of Payment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
     3.3     Set-Off, Counterclaim and Taxes . . . . . . .28
     3.4     Change of Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
     3.5     Certain Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
     3.6     Other Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
     3.7     Cancellation of Commitments . . . . . . . . .32
     3.8     No Reborrowing. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .32
     3.9     Payments to be Made at End of Interest Period32

4.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER. . . .32

     4.1     Power and Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
     4.2     Legal  Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
     4.3     Restrictions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
     4.4     Registration and Approvals. . . . . . . . . .33
     4.5     Agreement Binding . . . . . . . . . . . . . .33
     4.6     Ranking of Advances; Encumbrances . . . . . .34
     4.7     Litigation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  34
     

     4.8     Compliance with Other Instruments,etc . . . .35
     4.9     No Defaults . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .35
     4.10    Trust Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .35

5.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .35

   5.1  Conditions Precedent to the Initial Advances . . .35
   5.2  Conditions Precedent to the Initial and 
        Subsequent Advances. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .38
   5.3  Representations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .39

6. COVENANTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .39

   6.1  Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .39
   6.2  Negative Pledge. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .40
   6.3  No Consent to Changes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
   6.4  Indebtedness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .41
   6.5  Notice at End of Availability Period . . . . . . .42

7.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .42

8. AGENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .44
   8.1  Appointment and Authority. . . . . . . . . . . . .44
   8.2  Agent May Rely on Documents. . . . . . . . . . . .45
   8.3  No Amendment to Duties of Agent Without Consent. .45
   8.4  Responsibilities of Agent and Coordinators
   8.5  Funding Costs of Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . .46
   8.6  Agent in Individual Capacity . . . . . . . . . . .47
   8.7  Credit Decision. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
   8.8  Coordinators . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47
   8.9  Change of Administrative Office of Agent . . . . . .        47
   8.10 Successor Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .47

9.      SOURCE OF DEBT SERVICE; RECOURSE . . . . . . . . .48

   9.1  Accumulation for Debt Service. . . . . . . . . . .48
   9.2  Accumulation in Regular Reserve Account. . . . . .48
   9.3  Debt Coverage Reserve Account. . . . . . . . . . .49
   9.4  Payments Made from Debt Service Account and 
        Reserve Account. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  50
   9.5  No Recourse. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .50
   9.6  Not to Limit Remedies. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .51

   10.  MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .52

   10.1 Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .52
   10.2 No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative . . . . . . . . . .52
   10.3 Use of English Language. . . . . . . . . . . . . .53
   10.4 Assignment and Transfer; Successors and Assigns;
        Participations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .53
   10.5 Amendments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57
   10.6 Expenses; Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . .58
   10.7 Sharing of Set-Off and Other Payments. . . . . . .59
   10.8 Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .60
   10.9 Table of Contents and Section Headings . . . . . .60
   10.10 Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .60
   10.11 Severability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .60
   10.12 Term of Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .61

<PAGE>
                              LOAN AGREEMENT


     AGREEMENT dated as of August 26, 1991 among

     (i) CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Trustee under the Bontang IV Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement among it and PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA, VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, OPICOIL HOUSTON,
INC., VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED,
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC., TOTAL INDONESIE, UNOCAL INDONESIA, LTD. and INDONESIA
PETROLEUM, LTD., dated as of the date hereof;

     (ii)     CHASE MANHATTAN ASIA LIMITED and THE MITSUBISHI
BANK, LIMITED, as Coordinators;

     (iii)    the banks and other financial institutions named on
the signature pages hereof under the captions "Arrangers",
"Co-Arrangers", "Lead Managers", "Managers", "Co-Managers" and
"Co-Agents";

     (iv)     the banks and other financial institutions named
under the caption "Lenders" on the signature pages hereof; and

     (v) THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A., as Agent for the Lenders.

                            W I T N E S S E T H


     WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to make
Advances to the Borrower upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of
$750,000,000 for the purpose of paying (i) the costs incurred or to
be incurred in connection with the design, engineering, procurement
and construction of or otherwise relating to Train F and (ii)
interest, fees, expenses, taxes and other amounts payable by the
Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.3, 2.7, 2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and 10.6
hereof;

     WHEREAS, the Lenders are prepared, severally, and not jointly
or jointly and severally, to make such advances to the Borrower on
a pro rata basis upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS, no recourse shall be had for any amount due under
this Agreement against Continental Bank International in its
individual capacity, with certain proceeds from the sale of
liquefied natural gas being the sole source of repayment hereunder
of all such amounts, except as specifically provided herein.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1.  DEFINITIONS
     As used in this Agreement, the following capitalized
expressions shall have the following respective meanings, such
meanings to be applicable to both the singular and the plural forms
of such expressions:

     "Additional Pipeline" means the additional pipeline described
in the Development Plan.

     "Additional Plant" means the additional gas liquefaction and
processing facility known, for operating purposes, as "Train F" and
facilities related to or used in connection therewith located
within the perimeter fence of the natural gas liquefaction and
processing plants forming part of the Bontang Plant.

     "Advance" means each advance by a Lender to the Borrower
hereunder on a Borrowing Date or, where the context so requires,
the amount of such advance from time to time outstanding.

     "Agent" means The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., or any successor
thereto appointed pursuant to Section 8.10 hereof.

     "Agreement" shall mean this Loan Agreement, as the same may
from time to time be amended, supplemented or modified in
accordance with the terms hereof.

     "Applicable Margin" means 1-1/4% for any Advances (including
any Deferred Portion thereof).

     "Assumed Interest Rate" means the interest rate per annum
agreed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders on or prior to the
date hereof; provided that at any time and from time to time
following the date hereof (but not more than once each calendar
quarter) upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, or the Agent
(acting with the concurrence of the Majority Lenders), the Borrower
and the Agent shall negotiate in good faith to reach agreement on
an interest rate per annum to serve as the Assumed Interest Rate
which is acceptable to the Borrower and the Agent on behalf of the
Majority Lenders.  If agreement cannot be reached on such interest
rate within 30 days following a request for such negotiations, then
the Assumed Interest Rate shall be the interest rate per annum
specified in good faith by the Agent on behalf of the Majority
Lenders.

     "Availability Period" means the period beginning on the
Effective Date and ending on the earlier of (i) the date nine
months following the Completion Date or (ii) September 30, 1994.

     "Basic Agreements" means the agreements listed on Schedule 1
hereto.

     "Bontang Plant" means the natural gas liquefaction plant at
Bontang Bay on the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia including
all related facilities, such as natural gas processing plants for
the production of LNG and liquefied petroleum gas consisting of
propane and butane, utilities, storage tanks, loading lines and
arms, harbor, docks, berths, tug boats, residential community,
workshops, offices, fixed plant and equipment and communication
systems, together with replacements, improvements, additions and
expansions of all such facilities, together also with natural gas
transmission lines extending from "Delivery Points" as defined in
the Processing Agreement, and from such other points in other
fields from which natural gas is supplied, to the said natural gas
liquefaction plant (including associated knock-out drums but
excluding natural gas gathering pipelines within fields).

     "Bontang IV Payment Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Borrowed Amounts" means any amounts borrowed pursuant to the
first two sentences of Section 2.2(b) hereof.

     "Borrower" means Continental Bank International, solely as
Trustee under the Trust Agreement and not in its individual
capacity.  The term "Borrower" does not include Continental Bank
International in any other capacity or any one or more of the
Producers.

     "Borrowing" means a borrowing hereunder consisting of Advances
made to the Borrower at the same time by all then participating
Lenders severally.

     "Borrowing Date" means (i) a Business Day prior to August 30,
1991 specified in a Notice of Borrowing as a date on which the
Borrower will make a Borrowing hereunder, (ii) thereafter the last
day of each month (except August 1991) during the Availability
Period and (iii) the last day of the Availability Period; provided
that if a Borrowing Date would otherwise occur on a date which is
not a Business Day, such Borrowing Date shall be the immediately
preceding Business Day.

     "Business Day" means any day on which (i) dealings in Dollar
deposits are carried on in the London interbank market and (ii)
commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in either
London or the City of New York.

     "Buyer" means each of (i) Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., a corporation
organized under the laws of Japan, (ii) Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd., a
corporation organized under the laws of Japan and (iii) Toho Gas
Co., Ltd., a corporation organized under the laws of Japan, each as
a buyer under the LNG Sales Contract and their respective
successors and assigns thereunder.

     "Commitment" means, with respect to each Lender, the principal
amount set forth opposite such Lender's name under the caption
"Commitment" on the signature pages hereof, as such amounts may be
reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 3.7 hereof, or such
Lender's commitment to lend such amounts, as the context may
require.

     "Completion Date" means the date on which the Agent shall have
received a written notice from the Borrower as required by Section
6.1(e) hereof, to which is attached a notice from Pertamina to the
effect that:

     (i) the construction of Train F has been completed in
accordance with the Development Plan and the Additional Plant and
the Additional Pipeline have been completed in accordance with, and
fully and finally accepted by Pertamina under, the Construction
Documents;

     (ii)     the Additional Plant has demonstrated processing
capabilities consistent with those contained in the Development
Plan and at least 170,000 metric tons of LNG meeting the quality
specifications set forth in the LNG Sales Contract have been
produced over a period of 30 consecutive days and delivered to
storage during such period; and

     (iii)    actual aggregate deliveries of at least two full
cargoes of LNG have been made at the Delivery Point pursuant to the
LNG Sales Contract during the 30-day period referred to in clause
(ii) above.

     "Construction Documents" means (i) the Bontang LNG Expansion
Project Train F Agreement (Contract No. B50-JMC-001) dated March 1,
1991 between Pertamina and P.T. Inti Karya Persada Tehnik, as
heretofore and hereafter amended, (ii) the Interim Contract dated
as of March 1, 1991 between Pertamina and P.T. Inti Karya Persada
Tehnik, as heretofore and hereafter amended, (iii) Articles 1, 2,
5, 7, 8 and 17 of the Collaboration Agreement dated March 1, 1991
among P.T. Inti Karya Persada Tehnik, Chiyoda Corporation and
Mitsubishi Corporation, as heretofore and hereafter amended, and
(iv) the letter agreement dated March 1, 1991 among Chiyoda
Corporation, Mitsubishi Corporation and Pertamina, as heretofore
and hereafter amended.

     "Debt Coverage Ratio" means:

     (i) during the Availability Period, (i) the sum of (x) the
present value as of September 30, 1994 (determined by discounting
by the Assumed Interest Rate at the time of calculation) of the
Source of Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable from
such date to the Final Maturity Date plus (y) the amount held in
the Reserve Account at the time of calculation, divided by (ii) the
total Commitments; and

     (ii)     thereafter, (i) the sum of (x) the present value as
of the time of calculation (determined by discounting by the
Assumed Interest Rate at the time of calculation) of the Source of
Debt Service reasonably anticipated to be payable from the time of
calculation to the Final Maturity Date plus (y) the amount held in
the Reserve Account at the time of calculation, divided by (ii) the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes at the time of
calculation.

     Prior to the Effective Date the assumptions necessary for
calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio shall have been the subject of
agreement between the Borrower and the Agent or in the absence of
agreement shall have been specified in good faith by the Agent on
behalf of the Majority Lenders.  These assumptions shall remain in
effect for purposes of calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio,
whenever required, until such time (but not more than once each
calendar quarter) as either the Borrower or the Agent (with the
concurrence of the Majority Lenders) shall request a
reconsideration of such assumptions, whereupon the Borrower and the
Agent shall negotiate in good faith to reach agreement on
assumptions necessary for calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio which
are acceptable to the Borrower and the Agent on behalf of the
Majority Lenders.  If the Borrower and the Agent on behalf of the
Majority Lenders cannot reach agreement on such assumptions within
30 days following a request for reconsideration of such
assumptions, then, until any further request for reconsideration
thereof is made and agreed, the assumptions to be used for purposes
of calculating the Debt Coverage Ratio, whenever required, shall be
those specified in good faith by the Agent on behalf of the
Majority Lenders.

     "Debt Coverage Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in
Article 1 of the Trust Agreement.
     "Debt Service Account" has the meaning set forth in Article
1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Deferred Portion" means any portion of the outstanding
principal amount of any Advance, the payment of which has been
deferred pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof.

     "Delivery Point" means "Delivery Point" as set forth in
Article 1 of the LNG Sales Contract.

     "Development Plan" means the Development Plan for Train F
entitled BADAK LNG IV (TRAIN F) PROJECT DEVELOPMENT PLAN dated
March 1991, as heretofore and hereafter amended.

     "Dollars" and the sign "$" mean such coin or currency of the
United States of America as is, at the relevant time, legal tender
for the payment of public and private debts.

     "Drawdown Schedule" means the schedule of Borrowings
anticipated to be requested on each of the Borrowing Dates as
originally set forth in Schedule 2 hereto and as updated quarterly
pursuant to Section 2.2(e) hereof.

     "Effective Date" means the date this Agreement is fully
executed by all of the parties hereto.

     "Encumbrance" means any lien, security interest, mortgage,
deed of trust, pledge, charge or any other encumbrance of any kind,
including, without limitation, the rights of a vendor, lessor or
similar party under any conditional sale agreement or other title
retention agreement or lease substantially equivalent thereto, any
production payment, and, with respect to any property or assets,
any other right of or arrangement with any creditor to have its
claim satisfied out of any such property or assets, or the proceeds
therefrom, prior to the general creditors of the owner thereof.

     "Event of Default" means any of the events specified in
Section 7 hereof.

     "Excluded Taxes" means (i) any Taxes (including withholdings)
based upon gross or net income payable by a Lender or th/e Agent to
the jurisdiction of such Lender's incorporation or the
jurisdictions in which such Lender has its principal executive
office or in which its Lending Office is located, or any
department, agency or other political subdivision or taxing
authority in any of such jurisdictions and (ii) the additional
amount of any Taxes (other than Taxes described in the preceding
clause (i) prior to a change in the Lending Office) that may be
imposed upon or with respect to a Payment arising solely by reason
of the facts that the Lender is a foreign corporation or other
non-resident person within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended, and the Lending office receiving such Payment
is not located in the United States of America.  Solely for
purposes of the preceding sentence, the term "Lending Office" shall
mean, in addition to the definition set forth below in this Section
1, a branch or office of a Lender which has physical custody of a
Note, this Agreement or the Letter Agreement or which conducts the
activities that are the responsibilities of a Lender described in
this Agreement or, solely in the event that a taxing jurisdiction
asserts a tax by reason of the fact that a branch or office of a
Lender previously had (but no longer has) such custody or conducted
(but no longer conducts) such activities, such other branch or
office.

     "Final Maturity Date" means the fortieth Maturity Date
occurring following the last day of the Availability Period.

     "Gross Invoice Amount" means the sum (without duplication) of
(i) the amounts payable to the Borrower pursuant to the LNG Sales
Contract in respect of LNG purchased or, if not taken, required to
be purchased but not taken thereunder, (ii) amounts payable to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 6.3 of each Supply Agreement and (iii)
all amounts payable to the Borrower on account of interest due by
reason of the late payment of invoices for LNG under Section 10.3
of the LNG Sales Contract; provided that the Gross Invoice Amount
shall not be reduced by any rebate, setoff, reduction or discount
given or agreed to by one or more parties to the LNG Sales Contract
from such amount payable as so defined, adjusted and calculated,
and provided further, that if the Borrower is authorized and
requested by the Producers (which authorization and request may be
given pursuant to Section 1.16(b) of the Producers Agreement) to
execute and deliver an agreement providing for the amendment of
this definition of Gross Invoice Amount, and if the Agent on behalf
of the Lenders also executes and delivers such agreement, this
definition of Gross Invoice Amount shall be deemed amended for all
purposes of this Agreement as set forth in such agreement.

     "Guarantee" by any Person means any obligation, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other
obligation of any other Person and, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or
otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or
supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or
other obligation (whether arising by virtue of partnership
arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods,
securities or services, to take-or-pay or to maintain financial
statement conditions or otherwise) or (ii) entered into for the
purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof or to
protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or
in part); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of
business.

     "Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person, (i) all
indebtedness or obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii)
all indebtedness or obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes, swap agreements or other similar instruments or
agreements, and all securities issued by such Person providing for
mandatory payments of money, whether or not contingent, (iii) all
obligations of such person to pay the deferred purchase price of
property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the
ordinary course of business, (iv) all obligations of such Person as
lessee under capital leases, (v) all obligations of such Person to
purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in
connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar
securities or property, (vi) all non-contingent obligations of such
Person to reimburse any Person in respect of amounts paid under a
letter of credit or similar instrument to the extent that such
reimbursement obligations remain outstanding five business days
after they become non-contingent, (vii) Indebtedness of others
secured by an Encumbrance on any asset of such Person, whether or
not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person or (viii) all
Guarantees by such Person of or with respect to the Indebtedness of
another Person.

     "Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest
Period.

     "Interest Period" means (except in the case of the initial
Interest Period) a period of three or six months selected or deemed
selected by the Borrower as provided in Section 2.4 hereof and
determined as follows:

     (i) The initial Interest Period for each Borrowing will begin
on the date of such Borrowing and will end on the March 31, June
30, September 30, or December 31 next occurring within three months
thereafter, and each subsequent Interest Period for such Borrowing
will begin on the Interest Payment Date ending the previous
Interest Period and end on the June 30, September 30, December 31
or March 31 next occurring three or six months thereafter, as the
case may be, subject to clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this
definition.

     (ii)     Subject to clause (iv) of this definition, all
Borrowings for which Interest Periods end on the same Interest
Payment Date shall be consolidated so that all subsequent elections
of Interest Periods for such Borrowings shall apply to all such
Borrowings so consolidated.

     (iii)    If any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day
which is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall end on the
immediately preceding Business Day.

     (iv)     If the Borrower wishes to elect an Interest Period
of six months for any Borrowings and if the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Borrowings for which a Notice of Interest
Period is then to be given is greater than the amount of the
repayment installment due to the Lenders on a Maturity Date
approximately three months following the date of the proposed
election, then, for purposes of calculating interest, such
Borrowings shall be divided and henceforth treated as two separate
Borrowings (such division to be pro rata as to each Lender's
Advances), one of an amount equal to the amount of the repayment
installment due to the Lenders on such Maturity Date (the Interest
Period for which will end on such Maturity Date) and the other of
an amount equal to the remainder of such consolidated Borrowings. 
The Borrower's election of a six-month Interest Period shall only
apply to such remainder of the consolidated Borrowings.

     "Legal Requirements" means all applicable (i) laws, rules,
regulations, ordinances, orders, decrees, permits, licenses,
authorizations, directions and requirements of all governments and
governmental departments, commissions, boards, authorities and
agencies, (ii) court and governmental administrative agency
judgments and injunctions, (iii) arbitral awards and (iv)
requirements of courts and arbitral tribunals.

     "Lender" means each of the banks and other financial
institutions named under the caption "Lenders" on the signature
pages hereof, any transferee pursuant to and subject to the
conditions stated in Section 10.4 hereof and their respective
permitted successors and assigns.

     "Lending Office" means (i) initially for each Lender its
office or branch located as of the date hereof at its address set
forth on the signature pages hereof and (ii) subsequently for each
Lender such other office or branch of such Lender as such Lender
may designate by notice in writing to the Borrower and the Agent as
the office or branch from or at which such Lender's Advances will
thereafter be made or maintained and for the account of which all
payments of principal of and interest on the relevant Notes and all
other payments to such Lender under this Agreement will thereafter
be made; provided that the designation of a new Lending Office
shall be subject to the conditions stated in Section 10.4 hereof.

     "Letter Agreement" means collectively (i) the Management Fee
Letter Agreement referred to in Section 2.8(a) hereof, (ii) the
Agency Fee Letter Agreement referred to in Section 2.8(b) hereof
and (iii) the Expenses Letter Agreement referred to in Section
10.6(c) hereof.

     "LIBOR" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 hereof.

     "LNG" has the meaning set forth in Article 1 of the Processing
Agreement.

     "LNG Sales Contract" means the Badak IV LNG Sales Contract,
dated as of October 23, 1990, between Pertamina and each of the
Buyers, as heretofore and hereafter amended, including any
extension or renewal thereof.

     "Majority Lenders" means at any time Lenders holding in excess
of 66-2/3% of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the
Advances, or if no such Advances are at the time outstanding,
Lenders having in excess of 66-2/3% of the aggregate amount of the
Commitments.

     "Maturity Date" means the first March 31, June 30, September
30 or December 31 to occur at least three months following the last
day of the Availability Period and, thereafter, each March 31, June
30, September 30 and December 31 occurring three months following
the last of the same to occur, each of which shall be an Interest
Payment Date; provided that if any such date is not a Business Day,
such Maturity Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.

     "Note" means any of the Notes provided for in Section 2.9
hereof.

     "Notice Lenders" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6
hereof.

     "Notice of Borrowing" means a notice from the Borrower to the
Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

     "Notice of Deferral" means a notice from the Borrower to the
Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto.

     "Notice of Interest Period" means a notice from the Borrower
to the Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 hereto.

     "Notice of Start-up" means the notice that Start-up has
occurred given by Pertamina to the Agent and the Borrower.

     "Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.4 hereof.

     "Payments" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3 hereof.

     "Person" means and includes any  individual,  corporation,
juridical entity, association,  statutory body, partnership, joint
venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization or government,
state or any political subdivision, instrumentality, agency or
authority thereof.

     "Pertamina" means Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
Negara, a State Enterprise of the  Republic  of  Indonesia, which
is wholly owned by the Republic of Indonesia, and its successors
and assigns permitted under the Producers Agreement.

     "Plant Use Agreement" means the Second Amended and Restated
Agreement for Use and Operation of Plant dated August 12, 1991, but
effective as of February 9, 1988, between Pertamina and P.T. Badak,
as hereafter amended.

     "Processing Agreement" means the Amended and Restated Bontang
Processing Agreement, dated as of February 9, 1988, among the
Producers on the one hand and P.T. Badak on the other, as hereafter
amended.

     "Producers" means Pertamina, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.., Virginia
International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe
Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.,
and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and Persons succeeding to their
interests in the manner permitted by Section 6.3 of the Producers
Agreement.

     "Producers Agreement" means the Bontang IV Producers Agreement
of even date herewith among the Producers, the Agent and the
Lenders, as hereafter amended.

     "P.T. Badak" means P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction
Company, a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of
Indonesia.

     "Quarterly Debt Service" has the meaning set forth in Section
9.1 hereof.

     "Quarterly Period" shall mean the period from and including
the making of the initial Borrowing to and including September 30,
1991 and thereafter each subsequent period of approximately three
calendar months ending on the next to occur of December 31, March
31, June 30 or September 30, as the case may be, provided that if
the last day of a Quarterly Period would be a day which is not a
Business Day such Quarterly Period will end on the immediately
preceding Business Day and that each subsequent Quarterly Period
will begin on the calendar day (whether or not a Business Day)
immediately following the last day of the preceding Quarterly
Period.

     "Reference Banks" means The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., The
Mitsubishi Bank, Limited, The Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, Ltd. and Union
Bank of Switzerland.

     Regular Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in Article
1 of the Trust Agreement.

     "Reserve Account" has the meaning set forth in Article 1 of
the Trust Agreement.

     "Reserves" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6 hereof.

     "Responsible Officer of the Borrower" means the chairman and
vice chairman of the board of directors, the chairman of the
executive committee of the board of directors, the president, any
executive vice president, any senior vice president, any senior
director or any vice president of Continental Bank International.

     "Risk Co-Participant" means any of C. Itoh & Co., Ltd.,
Marubeni Corporation, Nissho Iwai Corporation or Sumitomo
Corporation, each a corporation organized under the laws of Japan.
     "Risk Participant" means Mitsubishi Corporation, a corporation
organized under the laws of Japan.

     "Risk Participation Agreement" means collectively (i) the Risk
Participation Agreement dated as of the date hereof between the
Risk Participant and the Agent on behalf of the Lenders and (ii)
the Co-Participation Agreement dated as of the date hereof among
each of the Risk Co-Participants, the Risk Participant and the
Agent on behalf of the Lenders.

     "Section 10.4(a) Affiliate" has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.4(a) hereof.

     "Seller's Gas Supply Obligation" means, at any time, "Seller's
Gas Supply Obligation" as defined in the LNG Sales Contract.

     "Source of Debt Service" means:

     (i) in respect of each amount payable to the Borrower for LNG
purchased, or for LNG required to be purchased but not taken, under
the LNG Sales Contract, or payable to the Borrower pursuant to the
Supply Agreements or otherwise pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract
(without duplication) the portion, if any, of the amount so payable
equal to the percentage specified below of the Gross Invoice Amount
payable (x) under each invoice rendered with respect to each cargo
purchased, or in the case of LNG required to be purchased but not
taken under each invoice rendered with respect to the same quantity
not taken, and (y) otherwise in respect of each cargo, plus the
same percentage of all indemnities and additional amounts payable
by each of the Buyers under the LNG Sales Contract (other than any
refunds of demurrage payable under Section 4.13(c) thereof) without
any reduction or set-off from any such amounts; provided that if
the Borrower is authorized and requested by the Producers (which
authorization and request may be given pursuant to Section 1.16(b)
of the Producers Agreement) to execute and deliver an agreement
providing for the amendment of this definition of Source of Debt
Service, and if the Agent on behalf of the Lenders also executes
and delivers such agreement, this definition of Source of Debt
Service shall be deemed amended for all purposes of this Agreement
as set forth in such agreement; and

     (ii)     in respect of any period the aggregate amount of the
Source of Debt Service payable during such period.

     The percentage referred to above means (i) at any time on or
prior to the twentieth Maturity Date, 70%, and (ii) at any time
thereafter, 65%.

     "Start-up" means the first delivery of LNG under the LNG Sales
Contract.

     "Subordinated Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.4 hereof.

     "Supply Agreements" means:

     (i) Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement dated August
12, 1991, but effective as of October 23, 1990, by and between
Pertamina, on the one hand, and Total Indonesie and Indonesia
Petroleum, Ltd., on the other hand, as hereafter amended;

     (ii)     Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement, dated
August 12, 1991, but effective as of October 23, 1990, by and
between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Virginia Indonesia Company,
OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia
International Company, on the other hand, as hereafter amended;

     (iii)    Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement for
Unocal Contract Area dated August 12, 1991, but effective as of
October 23, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal
Indonesia, Ltd., on the other hand, as hereafter amended; and

     (iv)     Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement for
INPEX Contract Area dated August 12, 1991, but effective as of
October 23, 1990, between Pertamina, on the one hand, and Unocal
Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., on the other hand,
as hereafter amended.

     "Support Facilities" means the additional general community
and support facilities to be located adjacent to the Bontang Plant
as described in the Development Plan.

     "Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, fees, assessments, deductions, withholdings or other
charges of whatsoever nature, that may now or hereafter be imposed
or asserted by any jurisdiction or any political subdivision
thereof or any taxing authority therein and all interest, penalties
or similar liabilities with respect thereto.

     "Train F" means, collectively, (i) the Additional Plant, (ii)
the Additional Pipeline and (iii) the Support Facilities, in each
case as described in the Development Plan.

     "Transfer Certificate" has the meaning set forth in Section
10.4(b) hereof.

     "Transferee" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.4(b)
hereof.

     "Trust Agreement" means the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement among Continental Bank International, as Trustee,
and the Producers, dated as of the date hereof, as hereafter
amended.

SECTION 2.  THE ADVANCES

     2.1 The Commitments.  Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Lender severally, and
not jointly or jointly and severally, agrees to make Advances to
the Borrower in Dollars through its Lending Office.  The Advances
shall be made by each Lender on the Borrowing Dates and in the
amounts provided for in Section 2.2 hereof, but in no event in an
aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of its Commitment;
provided that such Commitment has not theretofore been terminated
or canceled pursuant to Section 3.4(a) hereof or Section 3.7 hereof
or otherwise.

     2.2 Manner of Borrowing.

         (a)  The Borrower shall give to the Agent, in each case
not later than noon, New York time, on or prior to the fifth
Business Day preceding each Borrowing Date on which a Borrowing is
to be made, a Notice of Borrowing, in writing, which, subject to
clause (e) of this Section 2.2, shall specify the amount, if any,
of such Borrowing.  The amount, if any, to be drawn down on any
Borrowing Date shall be $10,000,000.00 on or prior to June 30, 1993
and $5,000,000.00 thereafter or in each case any larger integral
multiple of $1,000,000.00, except in the case of the final
drawdown, which may be in any amount not exceeding undrawn
Commitments.  The total amount to be drawn down on any Borrowing
Date shall be apportioned by the Agent on a pro rata basis among
the outstanding Commitments of the Lenders.  A Notice of Borrowing,
once received by the Agent, shall not be revocable by the Borrower.

         (b)  During the period ending on the earlier of (i) March
31, 1994 or (ii) the Completion Date, the Borrower shall have the
right to elect to borrow from the Lenders on each relevant
Borrowing Date, in addition to the amounts to be borrowed on such
Borrowing Date pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 2.2, an
amount not exceeding (i) the amount of interest, fees, expenses,
taxes and other amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to
Sections,.2.3, 2.7, 2.8, 3.3, 3.4(b) and 10.6 hereof and in
connection with the effecting of any Pari Passu Swap Indebtedness,
plus (ii) the difference between such amount and the next highest
amount that is $1,000,000.00 or an integral multiple thereof.  In
addition, the Borrower similarly shall have the right to elect to
borrow from the Lenders on June 30, 1994 amounts of the type
referred to in the foregoing sentence due on such date but only if
and to the extent that the Borrower and the Agent shall have been
advised by Pertamina on behalf of the Producers that by reason of
the application of Section 7.1(b) of the LNG Sales Contract the
Source of Debt Service accumulated and maintained in the Regular
Reserve Account immediately prior to June 30, 1994 is less than the
amounts so payable.  Any election permitted by this Section 2.2(b)
shall be exercised by including the amount to be borrowed in the
Notice of Borrowing given pursuant to Section 2.2(a) hereof.  The
amount of such Borrowings shall thereafter be added to the
outstanding principal amount of the Advances and shall bear
interest as specified in Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7
hereof.

         (c)  Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Agent
shall as promptly as practicable notify each Lender of the
Borrowing Date identified therein.  Before 10:00 a.m. New York time
on such Borrowing Date each Lender will make available in Dollars
the amount of such Lender's Advance to be made on such Borrowing
Date in same day settlement funds by credit of Federal or other
immediately available funds satisfactory to the Agent to the
account of the Agent (Western Hemisphere Facility Account No.
900-9-000028) at The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., Two Chase
Manhattan Plaza, New York, New York 10081, U.S.A. for the account
of the Borrower or at such other office in New York, New York or
elsewhere as the Agent may from time to time designate by telex (to
be confirmed by letter) to the Lenders.  Upon and subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, before 1:00 p.m. New York
time on such Borrowing Date the Agent shall make available to the
Borrower to such account in New York City as shall have been
specified by the Borrower in such Notice of Borrowing on such
Borrowing Date the funds made available to the Agent pursuant to
the next preceding sentence in the same funds as received by the
Agent.

         (d)  The failure of a Lender to make an Advance to be
made by it on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any
other Lender of its obligation to make its Advance hereunder on
such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of
any other Lender to make an Advance to be made by such other Lender
on the date specified therefor.  Unless the Agent shall have been
notified by a Lender prior to a Borrowing Date (which notice shall
be effective only upon receipt) that such Lender does not intend to
make available to it such Lender's Advance to be made on such date,
the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Lender's
Advance available to it on such date, and the Agent may, in
reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a
corresponding amount.  If the Lender's Advance is not in fact made
available to the Agent by such Lender, the Agent shall be entitled
to recover such amount either on demand from such Lender or on
demand and in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.9 hereof
from the Borrower together with interest thereon at a rate per
annum representing the interest cost to the Agent (as determined by
the Agent using reasonable efforts to minimize such cost) of
funding the amount in question until reimbursement thereof to the
Agent; provided that to the extent such amount is recovered from
the Borrower, interest paid thereon by the Borrower shall not
exceed the rate or rates per annum then applicable to the Advances.

         (e)  In order to reflect actual project expenditures, the
Drawdown Schedule originally set forth in Schedule 2 hereto shall
be up-dated for each calendar quarter (beginning with the calendar
quarter starting on January 1, 1992) by delivery to the Agent not
less than 15 calendar days prior to the commencement of each
calendar quarter of a new Drawdown Schedule reflecting actual
Borrowings under clause (a) of this Section 2.2 to date and the
schedule of such Borrowings then anticipated to be requested on
each of the remaining Borrowing Dates during the Availability
Period, provided that, except with the prior consent of Majority
Lenders, in no event shall the cumulative amount of Borrowings
under clause (a) of this Section 2.2 as of any Borrowing Date shown
on any such up-dated Drawdown Schedule, or actually made hereunder
as of any Borrowing Date, exceed the cumulative amount of
Borrowings under clause (a) of this Section 2.2 which would have
been made by such Borrowing Date in accordance with the Drawdown
Schedule originally set forth in Schedule 2 hereto.

     2.3 Interest. The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of all Advances outstanding from time to time at
the applicable interest rates determined in accordance with Section
2.5 or 2.6 hereof, as the case may be, with respect to each
Interest Period.  Such interest payable with respect to each
Interest Period shall be paid on the Interest Payment Date at the
end of such Interest Period.  Interest on the Advances and any
Deferred Portions shall be calculated from and including the
relevant Borrowing Date up to but not including the date of actual
repayment and shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days
and payable for the actual number of days elapsed.

     2.4 Election of Interest Periods.  The Borrower shall have
the option to elect an Interest Period of three months or six
months to apply to the entire amount of the Borrowings outstanding
for which an Interest Period is then to be determined, except (i)
for the initial Interest Period referred to in clause (i) of the
definition of Interest Period; (ii) for each other Interest Period
during the Availability Period, each of which shall be a
three-month Interest Period; (iii) with respect to any amounts of
principal coming due in approximately three months, to which a
three-month Interest Period shall apply as provided in clause (iv)
of the definition of Interest Period; and (iv) with respect to any
Deferred Portions, to which a three-month Interest Period shall
apply.  Such option shall be exercised by delivery to the Agent of
a written or telexed Notice of Interest Period and the Agent shall
as promptly as practicable notify the Lenders of the Interest
Period so elected.  If a Notice of Interest Period in respect of
any Interest Period is not received by the Agent at least five
Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period,
the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected an Interest Period of
three months' duration.

     2.5 Determination of Interest Rate.

         (a)  On the Business Day which is two Business Days prior
to the commencement of each Interest Period, the Agent shall fix
the interest rate for the Advances and any Deferred Portion to be
outstanding with respect to and during such Interest Period at the
rate per annum equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the
London Interbank Offered Rate (the London Interbank Offered Rate is
referred to as "LIBOR").  LIBOR for each such Interest Period shall
be the arithmetic mean (rounded upward, if necessary, to the
nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the offered quotations in effect as of
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such date for deposits in
Dollars for a period equal to such Interest Period as displayed on
the "LIBO" page (or any successor page as determined by the Agent)
of the Reuters Screen, as determined by the Agent upon consulting
such "LIBO" page.  So long as at least two quotations are available
on the "LIBO" page (or any such successor page) for a period equal
to such Interest Period, LIBOR for such Interest Period shall be
determined in accordance with the preceding sentence on the basis
of the offered quotations as quoted.  Any determination by the
Agent pursuant to this Section 2.5(a) shall be conclusive in the
absence of manifest error.

         (b)  If the Reuters Screen does not at the appointed time
with respect to any Interest Period display at least two offered
quotations, LIBOR for such Interest Period shall be the average
(rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the
respective rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars are offered
to each of the Reference Banks in the London interbank market as of
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such date for a period
comparable to such Interest Period and in an amount of
$50,000,000.00. The Agent, whose determination shall be conclusive
in the absence of manifest error, shall determine the interest rate
on the above basis as soon as practicable thereafter, New York
time.  If for any reason no quotation is furnished by one or more
of the Reference Banks to the Agent, the Agent shall determine such
interest rate on the basis of the quotations furnished by the
remaining Reference Banks.

     2.6 Alternative Interest Rates.  If, on any date on which an
interest rate is to be fixed pursuant to Section 2.5 hereof, (i)
none of the Reference Banks is able to furnish a quotation to the
Agent for purposes of determining an interest rate pursuant to
Section 2.5(b) hereof or (ii) for purposes of determining an
interest rate pursuant to Section 2.5(b) hereof the Agent is
notified by all of the Reference Banks that deposits in Dollars in
an amount of $50,000,000.00 are not being offered to the Reference
Banks in the London interbank market or (iii) the Agent is notified
by Notice Lenders (as defined in the last sentence of this Section
2.6) that the rates for Dollar deposits displayed on the "LIBO"
page of the Reuters Screen or, in the event that LIBOR for such
Interest Period is being determined pursuant to Section 2.5(b)
hereof, the rates at which Dollar deposits are being offered to the
Reference Banks in the London interbank market, as the case may be,
plus all costs associated with reserves, special deposits, deposit
insurance or similar requirements to be maintained or paid in
accordance with the regulations or other requirements of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other department, agency or
instrumentality of the United States of America or any state
thereof (collectively, "Reserves") in effect on the date of this
Agreement do not adequately reflect the cost to the relevant
Lenders of making or maintaining for the next succeeding Interest
Period their respective Advances or any Deferred Portion, then the
Agent shall as promptly as practicable give notice of such fact to
the Borrower and the relevant Lenders.  During the 30 days next
succeeding the giving of such notice, the Borrower and the relevant
Lenders shall negotiate in good faith in order to arrive at a
mutually satisfactory interest rate which shall be applicable to
such Advances and Deferred Portions to be outstanding during such
Interest Period instead of LIBOR.  If within such 30-day period the
Borrower and the relevant Lenders agree in writing upon an
alternative interest rate, such rate shall be substituted for LIBOR
and shall be effective with respect to the relevant amounts from
the commencement of such Interest Period.  The Borrower shall pay
to the relevant Lenders interest on such Advances and Deferred
Portions calculated based upon such alternative interest rate plus
the Applicable Margin during such Interest Period.  If the Borrower
and the relevant Lenders fail to agree upon such an alternative
interest rate within such 30-day period, the interest rate during
such Interest Period, applicable to each relevant Lender's Advance
and each relevant Lender's Deferred Portion and effective from the
commencement of such Interest Period shall be such rate as such
Lender shall determine (in a certificate delivered by such Lender
to the Agent setting forth the basis of the computation of such
rate, which certificate shall in the absence of manifest error be
conclusive and binding on the Borrower) to be necessary to
compensate each such Lender for its actual out-of-pocket cost, and
costs associated with such Reserves (determined in good faith using
reasonable efforts to minimize the interest cost to the Borrower,
rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1% and
disregarding for such purposes all costs of Reserves in effect on
the date of this Agreement), as of the commencement of such Inter-
est Period, of funds for such Interest Period in an amount equal to
the aggregate principal amount of each relevant Lender's Advances
and each relevant Lender's Deferred Portion to which such Interest
Period relates plus the Applicable Margin.  The Agent shall notify
the Borrower of such determination as promptly as practicable. 
After the Agent shall have notified the Borrower of such
determination and during the period such interest rate continues to
be applicable, the Borrower may elect to prepay any one or more of
the relevant Notes without premium or penalty (except as provided
in Section 2.7(b) hereof) in accordance with the provisions of
Section 3.5 hereof.  For purposes of this Section 2.6, "Notice
Lenders" means at any time Lenders holding in excess of 15% of the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Advances, or if no such
Advances are at the time outstanding, Lenders having in excess of
15% of the aggregate amount of the Commitments.

     2.7 Interest Rate on Overdue Amounts; Other Indemnities.

         (a)  The Borrower shall pay interest on overdue principal
of any Note and, so far as may be lawful, on any other overdue
amount owing pursuant to this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, from and including, the date the payment thereof was due
to, but not including, the day of actual payment, at a rate per
annum which shall be 2-1/4% over (i) the arithmetic mean (rounded
upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the offered
quotations in effect at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, on the
day such rate of interest is determined for deposits in Dollars
with maturities of at least one week and not exceeding six months,
as the Agent may elect, as displayed on the "LIBO" page (or any
successor page as determined by the Agent) of the Reuters Screen as
determined by the Agent upon consulting such "LIBO" page or (ii) if
the Reuters Screen does not at the time of determination display at
least two offered quotations, the average (rounded upward, if
necessary, to the nearest 1/16 of 1%) of the respective rates at
which deposits in Dollars with maturities of longer than six days
and shorter than six months, as the Agent may elect, are offered to
each of the Reference Banks in the London interbank market as of
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on the day such rate of
interest is determined in an amount approximately equal to the
aggregate amount of such overdue payment due to the Lenders.  If
for any of the reasons specified in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of
Section 2.6 hereof an alternative interest rate would be determined
pursuant thereto, then such alternative interest rate shall be
determined and the Borrower shall pay to the relevant Lenders
interest on such overdue principal or other amounts at a rate per
annum that shall be 2-1/4% over such alternative interest rate
without the addition of the Applicable Margin.

         (b)  To the extent permitted by applicable law, without
prejudice to the other rights of the Lenders under Sections 2.7(a)
and 10.6(b) hereof, the Borrower shall indemnify, without
duplication, each such Lender against, hold each such Lender
harmless from and promptly pay to the Agent on behalf of each
Lender all out-of-pocket costs, losses (excluding loss of profit)
or expenses which each such Lender may sustain or incur as a
consequence of (i) any Borrowing not being made, after notice
thereof has been given by the Borrower, by reason of a failure to
satisfy conditions precedent, except failure to meet the
requirements in Section 5.2(iii) due to changes between the date of
the relevant Notice of Borrowing and the scheduled date for such
Borrowing in the Assumed Interest Rate or the assumptions regarding
forecasted LNG prices in each case as in effect on the date of the
relevant Notice of Borrowing in accordance with the definitions of
"Assumed Interest Rate" and "Debt Coverage Ratio" set forth in
Article 1 hereof, (ii) any prepayment of any Advance (including any
Deferred Portion thereof) or (iii) the failure by the Borrower to
pay when due the principal of or interest on any Note or any other
amount payable under this Agreement or the Letter Agreement,
including but not limited to funding costs and any amounts payable
by such Lender in order to maintain its Advances, including any
Deferred Portion thereof, until the end of the relevant Interest
Period in the event of prepayment or until payment of all amounts
then due by acceleration or otherwise in the event of a failure to
pay, but excluding any such costs, losses or expenses resulting
from prepayment on an Interest Payment Date of amounts for which an
Interest Period ends on such Interest Payment Date as permitted in
accordance with Section 3.6 hereof.  In each case involving a
prepayment (other than a prepayment under Section 3.6 hereof for
which no costs, losses or expenses are payable), each Lender shall
act in good faith and use reasonable efforts to minimize the costs,
losses and expenses payable by the Borrower hereunder.

         (c)  A certificate of any Lender setting forth in
reasonable detail the basis for the determination of the amounts
necessary to indemnify such Lender pursuant to Section 2.7(b) shall
be conclusive as to the determination of such amounts in the
absence of manifest error.

     2.8  Fees.

         (a)  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay a nonrefundable
management fee in the amount specified in and otherwise in
accordance with the letter agreement between the Borrower and the
Coordinators of even date herewith (the "Management Fee Letter
Agreement").  The allocation of such fee shall not be the
responsibility of the Borrower or the Producers.

         (b)  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay a nonrefundable
agency fee in the amount specified in and otherwise in accordance
with the agency fee letter agreement between the Borrower and the
Agent of even date herewith (the "Agency Fee Letter Agreement").

         (c)  The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the
account of each Lender a commitment fee at the rate of 1/4 of 1%
per annum on the daily undrawn amount of such Lender's Commitment
during the period from and including the Effective Date to and
including the last day of the Availability Period.  Such fee will
be calculated on an estimated basis on the first day of each
Interest Period in accordance with the undrawn amount of such
Lender's Commitment on that day and amounts in respect thereof
shall be accumulated for payment and paid in accordance with
Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement, subject to adjustment
when any Advance is made hereunder.  Such commitment fee shall be
calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a
360-day year and shall be paid, in accordance with Section 3.2
hereof, initially on the first March 31, June 30, September 30 or
December 31 to occur within three months after the Effective Date
and thereafter quarterly in arrears, with the final payment on the
Interest Payment Date on or immediately following the last day of
the Availability Period.

     2.9 The Notes.

         (a)  The Advances of each Lender shall be evidenced by
two promissory notes of the Borrower (each a "Note"), one to be
designated A Note and the other to be designated B Note, each to be
substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto and each payable to
the order of such Lender for the account of its Lending Office in
an amount equal, in the case of the A Note of such Lender, to 60%
of such Lender's Commitment or, if less, the aggregate unpaid
principal amount of such Lender's Advances attributable to such
Note in accordance with clause (b) of this Section 2.9 and, in the
case of the B Note of such Lender, to 40% of such Lender's
Commitment, or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of
such Lender's Advances attributable to such Note in accordance with
clause (b) of this Section 2.9. Each Note shall be dated the date
of its delivery pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof, shall have the
blanks therein appropriately completed, and shall bear interest as
specified in Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 hereof.  Each
Lender shall, and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Borrower
to, endorse on the schedule attached to each Note held by it or on
a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a part of such
Note an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of each
Advance made by such Lender and the date and amount of each
payment, prepayment or deferral of principal made by the Borrower
with respect thereto, in each case as attributable to such Note in
accordance with clause (b) of this Section 2.9, and the Agent and
any other Person shall be entitled to act in all respects as if
such endorsements had been so made.  The failure so to record any
such amount or any error in so recording any such amount shall not,
however, limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower
hereunder or under any of the Notes to repay the principal amount
of all Advances thereunder together with all interest accruing
thereon.

         (b)  For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby expressly
agreed that each Advance made by each Lender and each payment,
prepayment or deferral of principal made by the Borrower shall be
attributed on a pro rata basis (based on outstanding principal
amount or, if no principal amount is outstanding at the time of
such Advance, based on the amount of such Lender's Commitment) to
each of the Notes held by each Lender at the time of such Advance,
payment, prepayment or deferral, as the case may be.

         (c)  The B Notes may refer to their having the benefit of
the Risk Participation Agreement, but this shall in no way affect
the Borrower's rights or obligations hereunder in respect of the B
Notes.  In furtherance of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly
confirmed and agreed that insofar as this Agreement is concerned,
the A Notes and the B Notes shall rank and be treated pari passu in
all respects without preference or priority of any kind.  In
addition, each holder of a B Note hereby authorizes and directs the
Agent to deduct from each payment of interest received in respect
of each B Note the risk participation fee prescribed in the Risk
Participation Agreement and to pay the same to the Risk Participant
as provided therein and, otherwise, to comply in all respects on
behalf of the Lenders with the terms and conditions thereof.

     2.10     Repayment on Maturity Dates; Deferral.

         (a)  Subject to Section 2.10(b), on each Maturity Date
the Borrower shall repay, as provided in Section 3.1 hereof, an
amount of principal equal to the percentage of the principal amount
of the Advances outstanding at the end of the Availability Period
set forth immediately below; provided that on the Final Maturity
Date the Borrower shall repay in full the aggregate amount of the
Advances then outstanding.

                             Percentage of
Maturity Date                Advances Payable

1st to 2nd                             1.5%
3rd to 8th                             2.0%
9th to 30th                            2.5%
31st to 40th                           3.0%

         (b)  If after application of amounts to the payment of
interest and other amounts payable with respect to the Advances on
any Maturity Date other than the Final Maturity Date, the aggregate
of the amounts held in the Debt Service Account and the Reserve
Account will be insufficient on such Maturity Date to pay all of
the principal payable on such Maturity Date, then the Borrower may
elect (by giving not later than noon New York time on or prior to
the seventh Business Day preceding such Maturity Date a Notice of
Deferral to the Agent, who shall as promptly as practicable notify
the Lenders thereof) to defer to the next succeeding Maturity Date
payment of (i) the amount of principal for which such funds will be
insufficient (pro rata for the account of each Lender to the unpaid
principal amount of the Notes) plus (ii) the amount (pro rata for
the account of each Lender to the unpaid principal amount of the
Notes) of unpaid expenses and indemnities hereunder of which the
Agent shall have notified the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11 or
10.6 hereof following the date of such Notice of Deferral and on or
prior to such Maturity Date to the extent such amount does not
exceed the amount of principal actually to be paid on such Maturity
Date (the sum of the amounts specified in clauses (i) and (ii)
being referred to as the "Deferred Portion"); provided that any
amount deferred in accordance with the foregoing clause (ii) shall
be added to the outstanding principal amount of the Advances and
bear interest from and including such Maturity Date as specified in
Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.5, 2.6 and 2.7 hereof; and provided further
that any election pursuant to this Section 2.10(b) shall be subject
to the following being true on the Maturity Date on which such
insufficiency exists:

         (i)  The Borrower shall not have previously deferred
payments of any principal in accordance with this Section 2.10(b)
either (x) on the four consecutive Maturity Dates immediately
preceding such Maturity Date or (y) on a total of 15 previous
Maturity Dates, whether or not consecutive;

         (ii) The LNG Sales Contract shall be in full force and
effect;

         (iii)      No material breach or default under the LNG
Sales Contract shall exist and no notice of incipient material
breach or default shall have been given by any party thereto;

         (iv) No authorization or approval required for the
continued validity and enforceability of the LNG Sales Contract
shall have been revoked or suspended; and

         (v)  No Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or would occur with the giving of notice or the lapse of
time.

     2.11     Notices. The Agent shall promptly give the Borrower
and the Lenders (i) notice of each interest rate (or interest
rates) determined pursuant to Sections 2.5, 2.6 or 2.7 hereof, the
date of each of the next Interest Payment Dates with respect to
which the interest payable is then calculable, the date of the next
Maturity Date and the amount of principal or interest on the
Advances, the amount of commitment fees estimated in accordance
with Section 2.8(c) hereof to be paid to the Lenders on each of
such dates and the amount of the fee referred to in Section 2.8(b)
hereof, (ii) as otherwise provided in this Agreement, notice of
other relevant amounts due and payable hereunder, and (iii) the
notices to the Borrower by the Agent that Section 3.2(b) of the
Trust Agreement requires this Agreement to provide for.  The Agent
shall provide the foregoing information to the Borrower at the time
and in the manner specified in Section 3.2(b) of the Trust
Agreement; provided that no failure or delay in the giving of such
notice shall discharge or excuse the Borrower from or permit the
Borrower to delay making any payment hereunder.

SECTION 3.  PAYMENTS

     3.1 Allocation of Amounts; Substitute Payment.

         (a)  Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all
payments by the Borrower to the Agent for the account of the
Lenders shall be allocated as provided for in Section 3.3 of the
Trust Agreement.  All payments by the Borrower of commitment fees
shall be made to the Agent for the account of the Lenders, pro rata
to their respective Commitments.  All payments referred to in this
Section 3.1 which are received by the Agent in the manner provided
in Section 3.2 hereof shall be deemed to have been made to the
Lenders, and such payments to the Agent shall discharge the
Borrower from any further liability to make such payments to the
Lenders.

         (b)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Agreement or in any Note, but subject always to the
provisions of Section 9 hereof, if the Agent shall have notified
the Borrower that it shall have become unlawful or, in the opinion
of the Agent, impracticable for any payment to be made as
aforesaid, the Borrower shall pay to each Lender for its own
account in such funds as are required by Section 3.2 hereof or in
such other manner as may be agreed between the Borrower and the
relevant Lender and to such account as may be specified by the
relevant Lender to the Borrower, the amount of the relevant
Lender's portion of the payment in  question.  Each such Lender
shall keep the Agent fully informed as to all amounts received by
it and as to all agreements made between it and the Borrower as
referred to above.

     3.2 Funds of Payment.

         (a)  Each payment made by the Borrower under this
Agreement with respect to the Advances, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement shall be made in Dollars and in same day settlement funds
by credit of Federal or other immediately available funds
satisfactory to the Agent (or such funds as may from time to time
be customary for the settlement in New York City of transactions in
Dollars) not later than 11:00 a.m. New York time on the Business
Day on which such payment is due by credit to the account of the
Agent (Western Hemisphere Facility Account No. 900-9-000028) at The
Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., Two Chase Manhattan Plaza, New York,
New York 10081, U.S.A. or to such other account of the Agent as the
Agent may at any time or from time to time designate by written
notice to the Borrower.  The Agent will as promptly as practicable
cause each such payment received by it to be distributed to each
Lender (in each case for the account of such Lender's Lending
Office) in like funds with respect to each payment received by such
Agent for the account of such Lenders or the holders of the Notes.

         (b)  Whenever any payment hereunder or under any Note
falls due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due date for
such payment shall be advanced to the next succeeding Business Day,
unless the next succeeding Business Day falls in another calendar
month, in which case such payment shall be advanced to the
immediately preceding Business Day.

         3.3  Set-Off, Counterclaim and Taxes.  The Borrower will
(i) pay all amounts of principal of and interest on the Notes and
all other amounts payable under this Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement ("Payments") without set-off or counterclaim, and,
to the extent permitted by law, free and clear of, and without
deduction or withholding for or on account of, any Taxes, and (ii)
pay to, indemnify for and hold each of the Lenders harmless from
and against any Taxes which are stamp or like taxes imposed
directly or indirectly with respect to the preparation, execution,
delivery, registration, filing or recording of this Agreement, the
Notes, the Producers Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Letter
Agreement or any document connected herewith or therewith and any
Taxes which are imposed directly or indirectly on any Lender or the
Agent, with respect to this Agreement, the Notes, the Producers
Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement, any document
connected herewith or therewith or the transactions contemplated by
any of the foregoing documents or any Payments.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of the first sentence of this Section
3.3 shall not require the Borrower to pay any Excluded Taxes. If
any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) are required by law to be
deducted or withheld from any Payment, the Borrower will increase
the amount of such payment to the Agent, and the Lenders through
the Agent, to the extent necessary in order that the net amount
received by the Agent, and the Lenders through the Agent, after
deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted or withheld with
respect to such Payment as so increased and any other Taxes payable
by the Lenders with respect to the amount of such increase, will
equal the full amount of the Payment due and payable to the
relevant Lender or Lenders.  The Borrower will furnish to each
Lender, in such number of copies as such Lender shall request,
certified copies of tax receipts or other appropriate evidence of
payment, satisfactory to such Lender, evidencing the payment of all
Taxes levied or imposed upon any Payment within 45 days after the
date any such payment is due pursuant to applicable law.  If any
Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) are imposed on with respect to
any Payment or are required to be paid by the Agent or any Lender
on or with respect to any Payment or in connection with this
Agreement or the Notes, the Borrower will pay or otherwise
indemnify and hold the Agent and each Lender harmless from any such
Taxes or will reimburse to the Agent and each Lender on demand,
subject to the provisions of Section 3.9 hereof, such amounts as
may be necessary in order that the net amount received by the Agent
and each Lender pursuant to such indemnity or reimbursement, after
deduction of all Taxes required to be deducted, withheld or
otherwise paid by the Agent and the Lenders with respect to such
amount, shall equal the amount of such Taxes so imposed or
otherwise subject to indemnity and reimbursement.

     If a Lender shall receive a refund of any Taxes paid by the
Borrower pursuant to this Section 3.3 by reason of the fact that
such Taxes were not correctly or legally asserted, the Lender shall
within 45 days after receipt of such refund pay to the Borrower the
amount of such refund, as determined solely by the Lender; provided
that in no event shall the amount paid by the Lender to the
Borrower pursuant to this sentence exceed the amount of Taxes
originally paid by the Borrower; and provided further that no
Lender shall have any obligation under this Agreement to claim or
otherwise seek to obtain any such refund.

     3.4 Change of Law.

         (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Agreement to the contrary, if any change in any applicable law,
rule or regulation or in the interpretation or administration
thereof by any governmental authority charged with the inter-
pretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender
(or its Lending Office) with any new request, interpretation or
directive of any relevant central bank or other governmental
authority, shall make it unlawful for any Lender (or its Lending
Office) to (i) maintain its Commitment, then the Commitment of such
Lender shall thereupon terminate, or (ii) maintain or fund its
Advances, then the Commitment of such Lender shall thereupon
terminate, and the principal amount of the Notes held by such
Lender then outstanding shall be repaid, together with interest
accrued thereon and any other amounts payable to such Lender under
this Agreement, the Notes held by such Lender or the Letter
Agreement, commencing immediately as an accelerated mandatory
prepayment in accordance with Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust
Agreement; provided that all such amounts shall be paid on or prior
to the Final Maturity Date.  Upon the occurrence of any such change
or request making it unlawful for a Lender to maintain its
Commitment or maintain or fund Advances as aforesaid, such Lender
shall promptly forward to the Agent in writing, and the Agent shall
as promptly as practicable forward to the Borrower, evidence
certified by such Lender as to such change or request.

         (b)  If any change in any applicable law, rule or
regulation or in the interpretation or administration thereof, or
compliance by any Lender with any request (whether or not having
the force of law) of any relevant central bank or other
governmental authority, shall change the basis of taxation of
payments to any such Lender (or its Lending Office) of the
principal of or interest on any of the Notes or any other amounts
payable under this Agreement or the Letter Agreement (except for
Excluded Taxes) or shall impose, modify or deem applicable any
similar requirement not in effect on the date of this Agreement in
respect of Reserves against assets of, deposits with or for the
account of, or credit extended by, or the Commitment of, any such
Lender (or its Lending Office) (except for Reserves in effect on
the date of this Agreement), or shall impose on any such Lender (or
its Lending Office) or the London interbank market any other
condition not in effect on the date of this Agreement directly
affecting this Agreement, any of the Notes, the Letter Agreement or
the Advances and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase
the cost to any Lender of maintaining its Commitment or making or
maintaining its Advances or to reduce the amount of any such
payments received or receivable by any such Lender (or its Lending
Office) hereunder, by an amount deemed by such Lender to be
material, then the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for
such additional cost or reduction.  Such additional amount or
amounts shall be paid on the Interest Payment Date for the Interest
Period to which such costs relate.  Each Lender agrees that it will
promptly notify the Borrower of any event which will entitle such
Lender to an additional amount pursuant to this Section 3.4(b). A
certificate of such Lender setting forth the basis in reasonable
detail for the determination of such additional amount necessary to
compensate such Lender as aforesaid shall be conclusive as to the
determination of such amount in the absence of manifest error. 
After the receipt of any notice from any Lender indicating that
such Lender is entitled to an additional amount pursuant to this
Section 3.4(b), the Borrower may elect to prepay the relevant Note
or Notes of such Lender without premium or penalty (except as
provided in Section 2.7(b) hereof) in accordance with the
provisions of Section 3.5 hereof; provided that any such prepayment
may be made only if the amounts set forth in the certificate
described in the preceding sentence are paid by the Borrower prior
to or simultaneously with such prepayment.

         (c)  Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any
event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.4(a) or (b) hereof
with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower,
and in consultation with the Agent, use reasonable efforts to
designate another Lending Office for its Commitment or its Advances
and/or for a period of thirty calendar days after the date of such
request use reasonable efforts to transfer its Commitment and
Advances to another Person in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Section 10.4, in either case with the object of avoiding
the consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of
Section 3.4(a) or (b) hereof; provided that in either case such
designation or transfer can be made on such terms that neither such
Lender nor its Lending Office will suffer any economic, legal or
regulatory disadvantage.  Nothing in this Section 3.4(c) shall
affect or postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the
rights of the Lenders provided in Section 3.4(a) or (b) hereof.

     3.5 Certain Prepayments.  Whenever the Borrower has elected
to prepay any relevant Note or Notes or any Deferred Portion
thereof pursuant to Section 2.6 or 3.4(b) hereof, the Borrower
shall give the Agent notice of such prepayment at least five
Business Days in advance thereof, and on the date specified in such
notice (which shall be a Business Day and a single date) the
principal then outstanding of the affected Note or Notes shall be
repaid in full, together with interest accrued thereon and, to the
extent then ascertainable, any other amount payable under this
Agreement to the Lender or Lenders holding such Note or Notes.  Any
notice of prepayment under this Section 3.5 shall be irrevocable.

     3.6 Other Prepayments.  The Borrower may, upon not less than
five Business Days' irrevocable prior notice to the Agent prepay
the Notes in whole or in part on a pro rata basis (based on
outstanding principal amount) on any Interest Payment Date for the
Notes being prepaid, and if in part in an amount which is equal to
$10,000,000.00 or any larger integral multiple of $1,000,000.00.
Each partial prepayment of any Notes made pursuant to this Section
3.6 shall be applied to the installments of principal due
thereunder in the inverse order of maturity.  Except as provided in
Section 2.7(b) hereof, such prepayments shall be without premium or
penalty; provided that the right to prepay without premium or
penalty shall not apply to any amounts declared forthwith due and
payable in accordance with Section 7 hereof.  All prepayments
permitted pursuant to this Section 3.6 shall be made together with
payment of accrued interest on the principal amount prepaid, and,
to the extent then ascertainable, any other amount payable under
this Agreement or the Notes.

     3.7 Cancellation of Commitments.  The Borrower may without
premium or penalty (a) upon not less than 30 days' irrevocable
prior notice to the Agent, cancel the Commitments of the Lenders in
whole or in part, and if in part in an aggregate amount of
$10,000,000.00 or any larger integral multiple of $1,000,000.00, by
reducing amounts to be drawn down pursuant to the Drawdown Schedule
in inverse order, all such cancellations to be on a pro rata basis
as among the Lenders based on their respective Commitments, or (b)
upon not less than five Business Days' irrevocable prior notice to
the Agent, cancel the Commitment of any Lender all of whose Notes
are prepaid in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.5
hereof.

     3.8 No Reborrowing.  The Commitments are not revolving in
nature, and no amount repaid or prepaid under this Agreement may be
reborrowed hereunder.

     3.9 Payments to be Made at End of Interest Period.  Except
for amounts owing pursuant to Sections 3.4(a), 7 and 10.6 hereof
which become payable as provided in such Sections, and
notwithstanding any provision of any Section other than Sections
3.4(a), 7 and 10.6 hereof to the contrary, in view of the nature of
the Borrower and the nature of the Source of Debt Service from
which payments hereunder will be made, all amounts becoming payable
hereunder, which would otherwise be due on a date which does not
fall on an Interest Payment Date instead shall be due on the
Interest Payment Date next to occur thereafter and prior to which
the Borrower is notified that such amount is payable, subject in
each such case to the relevant provisions of Sections 3.2 and 3.3
of the Trust Agreement; provided that all amounts due and payable
under this Agreement and the Notes shall be paid on or prior to the
Final M
Maturity Date.

SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BORROWER.

     The Borrower and, only to the extent expressly stated to be
in its individual capacity, Continental Bank International,
represent and warrant to the Lenders that:

     4.1 Power and Authority.  The Borrower has full power,
authority and legal right to incur the Indebtedness and other
obligations provided for in this Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement, to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Notes,
the Trust Agreement and the Letter Agreement and the other
documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein to which the
Borrower is a party, to borrow, pay and repay hereunder and under
the Notes and the Letter Agreement and to perform and observe the
terms and provisions hereof and thereof.  Continental Bank
International, in its individual capacity, is a banking corporation
duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws
of the United States of America and has the full power, authority
and legal right to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, the
Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter Agreement as Trustee.

     4.2 Legal Action.  All necessary legal action has been taken
to authorize the Borrower (i) to execute and deliver this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement and
the other documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein to
which the Borrower is a party, (ii) to borrow, pay and repay
hereunder and under the Notes and the Letter Agreement and (iii) to
perform and observe the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the
Notes, the Trust Agreement and the Letter Agreement.

     4.3 Restrictions.  There is no Legal Requirement and no
contractual or other obligation binding on the Borrower or
Continental Bank International in its individual capacity, that is
or will be contravened (or, in the case of a contractual
obligation, in respect of which a breach has occurred or will
occur) by reason of the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement or any of the
other documents contemplated hereby or referred to herein to which
the Borrower is a party, the making of Borrowings by the Borrower
hereunder or the performance or observance by the Borrower of any
of the terms or provisions hereof or thereof in each case in the
manner contemplated hereby and thereby.

     4.4 Registration and Approvals.  No registrations,
declarations or filings with, or consents, licenses, approvals or
authorizations of, any legislative body, governmental department or
governmental authority necessary under any applicable laws are
required of the Borrower or Continental Bank International in its
individual capacity for the due execution and delivery by the
Borrower, or for the performance by the Borrower, of this
Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement, the Letter Agreement or
any of the other documents contemplated hereby or referred to
herein to which the Borrower is a party, or to authorize the
Borrowings hereunder or to assure the validity or enforceability
hereof or thereof, except in each case for those as have been made
or obtained and copies of which have been furnished to the Agent
and which are in full force and effect.

     4.5 Agreement Binding.  This Agreement, the Trust Agreement
and the Letter Agreement constitute, and the Notes when executed
and delivered pursuant hereto for value will constitute, the legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Borrower enforceable against
the Borrower to the extent specified in Section 9 hereof in
accordance with its and their respective terms, subject in the case
of enforcement to any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors'
rights generally and to equitable principles of general
application.

     4.6 Ranking of Advances; Encumbrances.  The Borrower has no
outstanding Indebtedness charging or to be paid out of the Source
of Debt Service or Borrowed Amounts other than the obligations and
liabilities of the Borrower hereunder and under the Notes and the
Letter Agreement and any Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.4
hereof.  The Borrower has not created, incurred or suffered to
exist (i) any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt Service received or
receivable by it prior to its deposit in the Bontang IV Payment
Account, or (ii) any Encumbrance on any Borrowed Amounts, in each
case under clause (i) or (ii) resulting from any act of the
Borrower or any failure by the Borrower to perform any of its
obligations under this Agreement or the Trust Agreement or any of
its duties thereunder, except any Encumbrance permitted pursuant to
Section 6.2 hereof.

     4.7 Litigation.  There is no suit, action, proceeding or
investigation pending against the Borrower or, to the knowledge of
the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower, which (a) questions
the validity of this Agreement, any Note, the Trust Agreement or
the Letter Agreement, or any action taken or to be taken by the
Borrower pursuant hereto or thereto, (b) affects or is likely to
affect the amount of the Source of Debt Service received by it or
to the best of the Borrower's knowledge, receivable by it, or (c)
would or is likely to affect adversely the Borrower's ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Trust
Agreement or the Letter Agreement or any other agreement to which
it is a party or by which it or its properties or assets is bound.

     4.8 Compliance with Other Instruments, etc.  Continental Bank
International in its individual capacity is not in violation of any
term of its charter or by-laws.  The Borrower is not in violation
of any term of any agreement or any instrument to which it is a
party or by which it or any of its properties or assets is bound or
of any Legal Requirement, which violation would or is likely to
have an adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Trust Agreement,
the Letter Agreement or any other agreement to which it is a party
or by which it or its property or assets are bound.

     4.9 No Defaults.  No Event of Default referred to in Sections
7(a) through 7(e) hereof has occurred and is continuing and no
event has occurred or failed to occur, the occurrence or
non-occurrence of which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time
or both, would constitute such an Event of Default, and the
Borrower is not in violation of any of its obligations under the
Trust Agreement.

     4.10     Trust Agreement.  The copy of the Trust Agreement
delivered to the Lenders on the Effective Date is a true, complete
and correct copy thereof as in effect on the Effective Date.

SECTION 5.  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

     5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Initial Advances.  Except
as,the Majority Lenders may otherwise consent and, with respect to
each of the documents and opinions specified in clause (i), clause
(j), clause (1) and clause (m) of this Section 5.1, except as each
Lender may otherwise consent, the obligation of each Lender to make
the initial Advance to be made by such Lender hereunder is subject
to the satisfaction of the following condition precedent that the
Agent shall have received the following documents and opinions, all
to be in form and those referred to in clauses (a) through (m) and
(o) through (q) to be in substance satisfactory to the Lenders:

     (a) in the case of the Agent only, Notes payable to the order
of each Lender complying with the requirements of Section 2.9
hereof;

     (b) a signed copy of an opinion of Kelley Drye & Warren,
counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1
hereto, dated the date of such Advance;

     (c) a signed copy of an opinion of Mayer, Brown & Platt,
counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2
hereto, dated the date of such Advance;

     (d) a signed copy of an opinion of the Special Legal Advisor
to the President Director of Pertamina, substantially in the form
of Exhibit E-1 hereto, dated not more than five Business Days prior
to the date of such Advance;

     (e) a signed copy of an opinion of Baker & Botts, special
counsel to Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
Virginia International Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union
Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.,
Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum,
Ltd., substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 hereto, dated the
date of such Advance;

     (f) a signed copy of an opinion of White & Case, special New
York counsel to Pertamina, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-3
hereto, dated the date of such Advance;

     (g) signed copies of opinions of counsel for each of the
Producers other than Pertamina, dated not more than five Business
Days prior to the date of such Advance;

     (h) a signed copy of an opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom, special counsel to the Agent and the Lenders,
substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, dated the date of
such Advance;

     (i) a duly executed copy of the Trust Agreement with all
amendments to the date of the initial Advance certified by the
Borrower;

     (j) a duly executed copy of the Producers Agreement;

     (k) a copy of a notice from the Producers to the Borrower
that they have approved the form and terms of this Agreement and
authorizing and requesting the execution and delivery of this
Agreement by the Borrower as contemplated by Section 3.1 of the
Trust Agreement;

     (l) copies of each of the executed and delivered Construction
Documents with all amendments to the date of such Advance certified
by Pertamina, but not including Exhibit A (Technical) to the
Bontang LNG Expansion Project Train F Agreement (Contract No.
B50-JMC-001);

     (m) a certificate of Pertamina and, with respect to each such
agreement to which each representative referred to in Section 12.3
of the Trust Agreement is a party, of such representative, to the
effect that the copies of (i) the Development Plan, (ii) the Basic
Agreements and (iii) the payment instructions issued by Pertamina
to each of the Buyers pursuant to Section 10.4 of the LNG Sales
Contract, in each case as amended, provided to the Agent on the
date hereof were true, correct and complete copies of such
documents with all amendments and that no change has been made in
such documents since the date of this Agreement, except-for such
changes as are permitted without the consent of the Majority
Lenders pursuant to the Producers Agreement;

     (n) a copy of the most recent statements, entitled
"Certificate of Gas Reserves Nilam Field, East Kalimantan,
Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986," "Certificate of Gas Reserves
Badak Field, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986,"
"Certificate of Gas Reserves," Certain Fields, East Kalimantan,
Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986," "Certificate of Gas Reserves,
Bekapai, Handil, and Tambora Fields Operated by Total Indonesie,
East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of January 31, 1986," "Certificate
of Gas Reserves, Tambora Field, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of
May 1, 1989," "Certificate of Gas Reserves, Tunu Field, East
Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of May 1, 1989," and "Certificate of Gas
Reserves, Attaka Field, East Kalimantan, Indonesia, as of January
31, 1986," each of which has been prepared by DeGolyer and
MacNaughton, relating to the gas reserves in the Badak and certain
other East Kalimantan fields, together with (i) the letter dated
June 3, 1991 from DeGolyer and MacNaughton to the Agent relating to
such gas reserves as of December 31, 1989 and December 31, 1990 and
(ii) reconciliations indicating, as of the date hereof, the suffi-
ciency of such gas reserves to meet the Seller's Gas Supply
Obligation;

     (o) a certificate of Pertamina to the effect that (i)
Property Insurance Policy No. N16164 dated June 1991, together with
any amendments, issued by P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia in favor of
Pertamina, among others, covering the Bontang Plant (excluding
Train F) and (ii) Contractors "All Risks" Insurance Policy No.
91030, dated June 17, 1991, together with any amendments, issued by
P.T. Tugu Pratama Indonesia in favor of Pertamina, among others,
covering Train F have been delivered to the Agent prior to the date
hereof and, except as permitted by Section 1.11 of the Producers
Agreement, remain in full force and effect in compliance with
Section 1.11 of the Producers Agreement;

     (p) copies certified by the Borrower to be true and correct
as of the date of the initial Advance of (i) the designation of
each entity and individual authorized to give borrowing
instructions under Section 3.4(a) of the Trust Agreement, (ii) the
borrowing instructions to the Borrower from an entity and
individual so designated, and (iii) specimen signatures of the
persons who are authorized to act for the Borrower under and in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Notes, the Trust
Agreement and the Letter Agreement;

     (q) a report of Merlin Associates with respect to the
technological, budgeting, scheduling and related risks associated
with the construction of the Additional Plant; and

     (r) certified copies of all required or appropriate
authorizations and consents of all relevant governmental
authorities of Indonesia (certified by Pertamina) in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Notes,
the Letter Agreement and the Producers Agreement.

All legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby and the making of the initial Advances, and all documents
and instruments evidencing such matters or incident thereto shall
be satisfactory in form and substance to special counsel to the
Lenders, and special counsel to the Lenders shall have received all
such other documents and instruments, or copies thereof, certified
if requested, as they may reasonably request in order to enable
them to pass upon such matters.

     5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Initial and Subsequent
Advances.  Except as the Majority Lenders may otherwise consent
and, with respect to each of the conditions precedent specified in
clause (ii)(A), clause (iii), clause (iv) and clause (vi) of this
Section 5.2, except as each Lender may otherwise consent, the
obligation of each Lender to make each Advance to be made by such
Lender hereunder (including the initial such Advance) is subject to
the further conditions precedent (i) that the Agent shall have
received a Notice of Borrowing in accordance with the provisions of
Section 2.2(a) hereof, (ii) that on the date of the making of such
Advance and after giving effect thereto (A) no Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing and no event shall have
occurred or failed to occur the occurrence or non-occurrence of
which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would
constitute an Event of Default, and (B) the representations and
warranties of the Borrower contained in this Agreement and of the
Producers contained in the Producers Agreement shall be true and
correct on and as of the date of the making of such Advance with
the same effect as though such representations and warranties had
been made on and as of such date, (iii) that the Agent shall have
received from the Borrower a statement from the Producers
conforming to the requirements of Section 6.1(b) hereof indicating
that the Debt Coverage Ratio is not less than 1.5, (iv) that there
shall have been no material adverse change (x) since May 4, 1991,
in the business, assets, financial condition or results of
operation of the Borrower or any of the Producers which affects
materially and adversely, or would be likely to affect materially
and adversely, the performance by Pertamina of or the ability of
Pertamina to perform its obligations under the LNG Sales Contract,
or (y) in the operation of the Bontang Plant, (v) that the
authorizations and consents described in Section 5.1(r) hereof
shall be in full force and effect and (vi) no event shall have
occurred or circumstance exist that renders impracticable any of
the events set forth in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the
definition of Completion Date in Section 1 hereof.

     5.3 Representations.  The making of each Borrowing hereunder
shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower
as of the date of such Borrowing that the facts specified in
Section 5.2(ii)(A) hereof as to Sections 7(a) through 7(e) hereof
only, Section 5.2(ii)(B) hereof and Section 5.2(iv) hereof in each
case as to the Borrower only are true and correct on the date of
such Borrowing.

SECTION 6.  COVENANTS

     Until payment in full of all of the Notes, and of all other
amounts due and owing under this Agreement at the time the Notes
are paid in full, unless compliance with the provisions of this
Section shall have been waived by the Majority Lenders, the
Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that;

     6.1 Information.  The Borrower shall provide or cause to be
provided to the Agent:

         (a)  as soon as possible and in any event within 45 days
after the end of the first three calendar quarters in each year
commencing with the quarter ending September 30, 1991, for each
such quarter, and within 45 days after the end of each calendar
year, for such year and for the final calendar quarter thereof, a
statement setting forth for the relevant period or periods (i) the
Gross Invoice Amount invoiced under the LNG Sales Contract, (ii)
the amount of such Gross Invoice Amount received by the Borrower,
and (iii) the debits and credits from the Debt Service Account and
Reserve Account and all subaccounts thereof (as provided in the
Trust Agreement);

         (b)  as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days
after the commencement of each calendar quarter, a statement in
writing setting forth (i) the Debt Coverage Ratio as of the
commencement of such calendar quarter, (ii) the Source of Debt
Service reasonably anticipated to be payable in each calendar
quarter to the Final Maturity Date, (iii) the aggregate principal,
interest and other amounts reasonably anticipated to be payable
during each calendar quarter to the Final Maturity Date under this
Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, and (iv) the
reasonably anticipated Gross Invoice Amount under the LNG Sales
Contract in each calendar quarter to the Final Maturity Date, such
statement to be prepared using the most recent assumptions in
effect in accordance with the last paragraph of the definition of
Debt Coverage Ratio in Section I hereof;

         (c)  information of the type referred to in clauses (a)
and (b) of this Section 6.1 at such times other than those
specified above as the Agent may reasonably request;

         (d)  as soon as a Responsible Officer of the Borrower
obtains actual knowledge thereof, notice of each Event of Default
and each event which has occurred or failed to occur, the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which with the giving of notice or
lapse of time would constitute an Event of Default; and

         (e)  as soon as the Borrower receives notice from
Pertamina that the events set forth in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii)
of the definition of Completion Date have occurred, a written
notice together with the original copy of the notice of Pertamina
certifying that such events have occurred.

     The Agent shall as promptly as practicable cause a copy of all
information provided under this Section 6.1 to be distributed to
each Lender.

     6.2 Negative Pledge.  The Borrower will not create, incur or
suffer to exist any Encumbrance on the Source of Debt Service
received or receivable by the Borrower prior to its deposit in the
Bontang IV Payment Account, or any Encumbrance on any Borrowed
Amounts, in each case resulting from any act or any failure to
perform any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or of
the Bontang IV Trustee under the Trust Agreement or any duty as
Bontang IV Trustee, except any Encumbrance, if any, (i) arising
pursuant to the Trust Agreement or (ii) arising pursuant to statute
or otherwise by operation of law, and not pursuant to any
agreement, which is discharged in the ordinary course of business
and which is not enforced by attachment or levy and except any
arrangement, constituting or deemed to constitute an Encumbrance,
for the payment from the Source of Debt Service of Indebtedness
permitted in accordance with Section 6.4 hereof.

     6.3 No Consent to Changes.  The Borrower will not terminate
or revoke the Trust Agreement or amend, modify, revise, supplement
or waive any of the provisions of (a) Article 1, 4 or 9 or Section
2.1, 2.2, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 (other than Section 3.3(i)) or 3.7, or the
third sentence of Section 7.2 of the Trust Agreement, in each case
other than to permit the Borrower to enter into Subordinated
Indebtedness, or (b) any other provision of the Trust Agreement if
any such amendment, modification, revision, supplement or waiver
would or would be likely to affect adversely the trust created
under such Trust Agreement, the rights of the Lenders under or the
ability of the Borrower to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, the Notes or the Letter Agreement. Any consent of the
Majority Lenders necessary to permit any action otherwise
prohibited by this Section 6.3 shall not be unreasonably  withheld. 
The Borrower shall promptly provide to the Agent copies of any
agreement or document evidencing any revocation, amendment,
modification or revision of the Trust Agreement or any provision
thereof not requiring the consent of the Majority Lenders under
this Section 6.3.

     6.4 Indebtedness. The Borrower shall not create, assume or
become liable for, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness
charging or to be paid out of the Source of Debt Service prior to
its deposit in the Bontang IV Payment Account except for (i) all
obligations and liabilities under this Agreement, the Notes or the
Letter Agreement, (ii) any Indebtedness (a) that shall be payable
out of amounts of the Source of Debt Service only after the
Borrower shall have accumulated amounts in the Debt Service Account
and the Reserve Account during each Interest Period required to be 
accumulated therein pursuant to Sections 7 and 9 hereof, (b) the
terms and conditions of which have been approved as to form and
substance by the Majority Lenders, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld and (c) the proceeds of which shall be
applied solely in connection with the Bontang Plant (the
"Subordinated Indebtedness") and (iii) with respect to Source of
Debt Service only, obligations (other than Subordinated
Indebtedness) in respect of interest rate swap arrangements of the
Borrower entered into solely for the purpose of exchanging floating
interest rate obligations with respect to the aggregate Commitments
or the Advances outstanding under this Agreement for fixed interest
rate obligations, if such Indebtedness is only payable out of
Source of Debt Service and is pari passu in right of payment and
does not benefit from any Encumbrance other than equally and
ratably with, or subordinate to, the Indebtedness owed to the
Lenders under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement
and if the terms and conditions of such arrangements are effected
in accordance with the procedures and ISDA documentation
customarily used in effecting such arrangements ("Pari Passu Swap
Indebtedness"); provided that the withholding of consent by the
Majority Lenders under Section 6.4(ii)(b) hereof shall be deemed
reasonable if agreement with the Majority Lenders is not reached
with respect to Subordinated Indebtedness concerning (x) amendments
to this Agreement, including without limitation amendments of the
definition of "Debt Coverage Ratio", (y) amendments to the Trust
Agreement or (z) such other changes to the terms and conditions,
including the Events of Default, of the Trust Agreement, the
Producers Agreement and this Agreement as the Majority Lenders
shall request.  The Borrower shall not create, assume or become
liable for, directly or indirectly, any Indebtedness charging or to
be paid out of any Borrowed Amounts, except for Indebtedness for
which such Borrowed Amounts were borrowed.

     6.5  Notice at End of Availability Period.  After the end of
the Availability Period, the Agent shall deliver to the Borrower a
notice setting forth the outstanding amounts of principal and
interest as of the final Borrowing Date and a repayment schedule. 
The Borrower shall either promptly confirm that it agrees with such
amounts and such schedule by signing and returning to the Agent a
copy of such notice or promptly deliver to the Agent a notice
indicating that it does not agree and specifying the reasons
therefor.  The delivery or lack of delivery of such notice to the
Borrower shall in no way affect any of the obligations of the
Borrower pursuant to this Agreement other than those set forth in
this Section 6.5.

SECTION 7.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT


If any one or more of the following events ("Events of Default")
shall occur and be continuing:

         (a)  (i) failure to make any payment of the principal of
any of the Notes within two days following, or interest on any of
the Notes within three days following, the date when due and
payable in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof (provided
that for the purposes of this clause (i) a deferral of payment of
an amount of principal pursuant to Section 2.10(b) hereof shall not
be deemed to be a failure to make such payment), or (ii) failure to
pay any other amounts payable under this Agreement, any of the
Notes or the Letter Agreement within seven days following the date
when due in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including
Section 3.9 hereof; or

         (b)  any representation or warranty made or deemed made
by or on behalf of the Borrower in Section 4 or Section 5.3 of this
Agreement or in any certificate delivered to the Agent or the
Lenders pursuant hereto shall prove to have been incorrect or
misleading in any material respect as of the date when made; or

         (c)  failure by the Borrower to perform or observe any
term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4
hereof; or

         (d)  failure by the Borrower to perform its obligations
under Section 6.1(d) hereof for seven days after written notice of
such failure shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent at
the request of any Lender; or

         (e)  any failure by the Borrower to perform or observe
any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other
than those referred to in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) of this
Section 7), or any failure by the Borrower or any Producer to
perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in the
Trust Agreement, for 30 days after written notice of such failure
shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent at the request
of any Lender; or

         (f)  a Default as defined in the Producers Agreement
shall have occurred thereunder; 

then the Agent shall, upon the written request of the Majority
Lenders, by notice of default given to the Borrower, (i) declare
the Commitment of each Lender to be forthwith terminated and/or
(ii) declare all the Notes outstanding hereunder to be forthwith
due and payable, whereupon the then outstanding principal amount of
such Notes, together with accrued interest thereon and any and all
other amounts due under this Agreement and the Letter Agreement,
shall forthwith become due and payable without diligence,
presentment, demand, protest, notice of dishonor, or other notice
of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the
Borrower.

     Should the principal amount of the Notes be declared or become
due and payable in the foregoing manner, the entire amount of the
Source of Debt Service received by the Borrower thereafter shall to
the extent provided by the Trust Agreement, as and when received by
the Borrower, be accumulated and paid to the Agent for application
to the amounts owing by the Borrower under this Agreement, the
Notes which were declared to be or which became due and payable and
the Letter Agreement until all principal of and interest on such
Notes and all other amounts then due and payable under this
Agreement, the relevant Notes and the Letter Agreement shall have
been paid in full.

SECTION 8.  AGENT

     The Lenders, the Agent, and the Coordinators agree among
themselves and, where the context of Section 8.9 or 8.10 hereof so
requires, with the Borrower as follows:

     8.1 Appointment and Authority.

         (a)  Each Lender, and each subsequent holder of any Note
by its acceptance thereof, irrevocably authorizes the Agent to
receive all payments of principal, interest and other amounts due
to such Lender or such holder under this Agreement and the Notes
and to take all other actions on behalf of such Lender or such
holder and to exercise such powers hereunder as are specifically
delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with all
other such powers as shall be reasonably incidental thereto.

         (b)  The relationship between each of the Lenders and the
Agent is and shall be that of agent and principal only, and nothing
herein shall be construed to constitute the Agent as trustee for
any holder of a Note or of a participation therein nor to impose on
the Agent duties and obligations other than those expressly
provided for herein nor to confer upon the Agent any relationship
of agency or trust with the Borrower.  Neither the Agent, nor any
of its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable to
any of the Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken by
it or them hereunder or in connection herewith, whether as a result
of any conflicts affecting or involving the Agent and the
Coordinators resulting from their responsibilities relating to this
Agreement, the Commitments, the Advances or otherwise, except for
its own or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.  Each
of the Lenders, and each subsequent holder of any Note by its
acceptance thereof, agrees (which agreement shall survive payment
of the Notes) to indemnify the Agent (to the extent not reimbursed
by the Borrower) and the Coordinators, in amounts which are pro
rata to the respective Commitments of such Lenders and, in the case
of a subsequent holder of any Notes, of the Lender from whom such
holder acquired (directly or indirectly) such Notes, from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and
expenses of any kind (including failure to receive any payment
specified in the Agency Fee Letter Agreement referred to in Section
2.8(b) hereof) which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against the Agent or the Coordinators (in their capacities as such)
in any way related to or arising out of this Agreement or any
Advances or any action taken or omitted by such Agent or the
Coordinators under this Agreement whether as a result of any
conflicts affecting or involving the Agent and the Coordinators
resulting from their responsibilities relating to this Agreement,
the Commitments, the Advances or otherwise, except (i) normal
administrative expenses incidental to the performance of their
duties as such Agent and Coordinators hereunder and (ii) any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses resulting from its
or their gross negligence or willful misconduct.

     8.2 Agent May Rely on Documents.  The Agent shall be entitled
to rely on any communication, instrument or document reasonably
believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or
sent by the proper Person or Persons, and with respect to all
accounting, technical, legal and other matters shall be entitled to
rely on the advice of accounting, technical, legal and other
professional advisors selected by it from time to time concerning
all matters relating to this Agreement, the Notes and its duties
hereunder and thereunder, and shall not be liable to any of the
Lenders for the consequences of such reliance.

     8.3 No Amendment to Duties of Agent Without Consent.  The
Agent shall not be bound by any waiver, amendment, supplement or
modification of this Agreement which affects its duties under this
Agreement unless it shall have given its prior written consent, as
Agent, thereto.

     8.4 Responsibilities of Agent and Coordinators.  The Agent
may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof until written
notice of the transfer thereof shall have been received by it. 
Neither the Agent nor either of the Coordinators makes any warranty
or representation to any Lender, nor shall any of them be
responsible for any recitals, statements, representations or
warranties herein or in any document prepared by or given by the
Borrower or any other Person to the Lenders in connection herewith
(or for the accuracy or completeness of any such document) or for
the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity or
enforceability of this Agreement or the Notes or any other
document, agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith
or related hereto, or be liable for failing to make any inquiry
concerning the performance or observance of any of the terms,
provisions or conditions of this Agreement or any Note or any other
document, agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith
or related hereto.  The Agent and each Coordinator shall be enti-
tled to retain for its own use any amounts paid to it in its
capacity as such.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have known of
the occurrence of an Event of Default or other event the occurrence
or non-occurrence of which with the giving of notice or lapse of
time or both would become an Event of Default or comparable event
under any other agreement unless the Agent has received written
notice from a Lender or the Borrower specifying such Event of
Default or other event and stating that such notice is a "Notice of
Default" or from any other relevant Person so specifying.  If (i)
the Agent receives a notification pursuant to the preceding
sentence, or (ii) the Borrower fails to pay in accordance with the
terms hereof to the Agent when due the principal of or interest on
any Note or any commitment fee payable to any Lender hereunder, the
Agent shall as promptly as practicable give written notice thereof
to the Lenders.  The Agent may decline to take any action except
upon the written direction of the Majority Lenders and the Agent
may obtain a ratification by such Majority Lenders of any action
taken by it under this Agreement or any other document, agreement
or instrument delivered in connection herewith or related hereto. 
The Agent shall have no liability to the Coordinators or Lenders
for any action taken by it upon the direction of the Majority
Lenders or if ratified by the Majority Lenders, nor shall the Agent
have any such liability for any failure to act unless such Agent
has been instructed to act by the Majority Lenders.  The action of
the Majority Lenders shall in each case bind all of the Lenders
hereunder.  The Agent shall not be required to take any action
which exposes such Agent to personal liability (unless indemnified
to its satisfaction for any and all consequences of such action) or
which is contrary to this Agreement or any Legal Requirement.

     8.5 Funding Costs of Agent.  If at any time the Agent makes
available to a Lender amounts due from the Borrower hereunder which
the Borrower has failed to make available to the Agent, then the
Lender shall on first demand forthwith refund such amounts to the
Agent together with interest thereon at the rate offered by the
Agent for overnight Dollar deposits in the New York Federal Funds
market.

     8.6 Agent in Individual Capacity.  The Agent and its
affiliates in their capacities as Lenders shall have the same
rights and powers hereunder as any Lender and may exercise such
rights and powers as though the Agent were not the Agent.  The
Agent and its affiliates may (without having to account therefor to
any Lender) accept deposits from, lend money to and generally
engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with the
Borrower, any of the Borrower's affiliates, the Producers and any
of the Producers' affiliates, as if such Agent were not acting in
such capacity hereunder.

     8.7 Credit Decision.  Each Lender represents, warrants and
acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon
the Agent, the Coordinators or any other Lender, and based on such
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. 
Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the Agent, the Coordinators or any other
Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall
deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit
decisions in taking or not taking any action under this Agreement.

     8.8 Coordinators.  Nothing in this Agreement shall impose on
the Coordinators, in their capacity as such, any duties or
obligations whatsoever.

     8.9 Change of Administrative Office of Agent.  The Agent may
at any time or from time to time by written notice to the Borrower
and to each Lender designate a different office from which its
duties as Agent will thereafter be performed; provided that no such
change to a location outside of the City of New York shall be made
without the Borrower's consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

     8.10     Successor Agent.  Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor Agent as provided below, the Agent may
resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders
and to the Borrower.  The Agent may be removed at any time with or
without cause by the Majority Lenders.  Upon any such resignation
or removal, such Majority Lenders shall have the right to appoint
such successor Agent.  If no successor Agent shall have been so
appointed by such Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such
appointment within 30 days after any such retiring Agent's giving
of notice of resignation, then such retiring Agent may appoint such
successor Agent.  No successor Agent shall be appointed without the
consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as
Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall
thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers,
privileges and duties of such retiring Agent, and such retiring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations here-
under.  After any such retiring Agent's resignation hereunder as
Agent, the provisions of this Section 8 shall continue in effect
for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by it while it was acting as the Agent hereunder.

SECTION 9. SOURCE OF DEBT SERVICE; RECOURSE

     9.1 Accumulation for Debt Service.  Pursuant to Sections 3.2
and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement and except as therein stated, the
Borrower shall pay into the Debt Service Account the entire amount
of all Borrowed Amounts immediately upon receipt thereof, and,
starting with the commencement of each Quarterly Period, the
Borrower shall pay into the Debt Service Account the entire amount
of each payment of the Source of Debt Service, as and when actually
received by the Borrower, until the aggregate amount accumulated in
the Debt Service Account shall be sufficient to pay the principal
of and interest due on all of the Notes, as well as all other
amounts due and payable under this Agreement, the Notes and the
Letter Agreement, in each case during such Quarterly Period;
provided that for any six-month Interest Period, the amount of the
Source of Debt Service paid over to and accumulated in the Debt
Service Account for principal and interest due during such Interest
Period shall be in accordance with Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the
Trust Agreement.

     9.2 Accumulation in Regular Reserve Account.
     
         (a)  Pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust
Agreement, during each Quarterly Period, after all amounts of
Source of Debt Service required to be paid into the Debt Service
Account pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof with respect to such
Quarterly Period have been so paid, the Borrower shall pay into the
Regular Reserve Account the entire remaining amount of each payment
of the Source of Debt Service, as and when actually received by the
Borrower, until the aggregate amount accumulated in such Regular
Reserve Account shall equal 100% of the sum of the principal amount
of Advances (including any Deferred Portion) scheduled for payment
at the end of the two Quarterly Periods next succeeding such
Quarterly Period plus the amount of interest to accrue on the
principal amount of Advances (including any Deferred Portion)
scheduled to be outstanding during such next two Quarterly Periods
plus the amount of other payments reasonably anticipated to be made
under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement during
such next two Quarterly Periods (the amount so calculated in
respect of each of such two Quarterly Periods being referred to for
convenience as "Quarterly Debt Service").  For purposes of
determining such amounts of Quarterly Debt Service, the interest
rate applicable to the Advances (including any Deferred Portion
thereof) scheduled to be outstanding during each of such two
succeeding Quarterly Periods shall be or be deemed to be the
interest rate, if any, then in effect in respect of principal to be
outstanding during the next succeeding Quarterly Period and, if no
such rate shall then be in effect, shall be deemed to be the
interest rate in effect for the then current Quarterly Period.

         (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any
Source of Debt Service during the Availability Period, the Borrower
shall pay the full amount thereof into the Regular Reserve Account
pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Trust Agreement so long as and to
the extent that the amount therein is less than the aggregate of
the amount of interest on the Advances payable at the end of the
then current Quarterly Period and 100% of the amount of Quarterly
Debt Service reasonably anticipated (in the manner prescribed in
clause (a) of this Section 9.2) to be due on the first two Maturity
Dates.

     9.3 Debt Coverage Reserve Account.  Pursuant to Section 3.2
of the Trust Agreement, if at the commencement of any Quarterly
Period at the end of which a Maturity Date occurs the Debt Coverage
Ratio is below 1.3, then during such Quarterly Period, after all
amounts of Source of Debt Service required to be paid into the Debt
Service Account and the Regular Reserve Account pursuant to
Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof with respect to such Quarterly Period
have been so paid, the Borrower shall pay into the Debt Coverage
Reserve Account the entire remaining amount of each payment of the
Source of Debt Service, as and when actually received by the
Borrower, and on the Maturity Date occurring at the end of such
Quarterly Period shall use the Source of Debt Service so
accumulated in the Debt Coverage Reserve Account to prepay the
Notes on a pro rata basis (based on outstanding principal amount),
with such prepayment to be applied to the installments of principal
due thereunder in the inverse order of maturity, provided that for
purposes of further calculations of the Debt Coverage Ratio any
such prepayment shall be deemed to have been applied to such
installments of principal pro rata so that the Final Maturity Date
is not thereby changed.  The procedure set forth in this Section
9.3 shall continue in effect in each subsequent Quarterly Period
until the Debt Coverage Ratio, calculated at the commencement of
any such Quarterly Period, equals or exceeds 1.3.

     9.4 Payments Made from Debt Service Account and Reserve
Account.  Except for any personal liability of the Borrower arising
as specifically provided in this Agreement and except for any
prepayments of the Notes pursuant to Section 9.3 hereof, all
payments to be made by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes
and the Letter Agreement, including in each case, without
limitation, payments due on the Final Maturity Date, shall be made
only from the Debt Service Account as the same is defined in, and
as at any applicable time the same shall be funded under, Sections
3.2 and 3.3 of the Trust Agreement; provided that if amounts held
in the Debt Service Account are insufficient to pay all such
amounts when due, any amounts then held (i) first, in the Regular
Reserve Account and (ii) second, in the Debt Coverage Reserve
Account shall be applied to make such payments to the extent
provided in Section 3.3 of the Trust Agreement.  Except in
accordance with the preceding sentence with respect to any personal
liability of the Borrower, the Borrower shall only be obligated to
make payments under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter
Agreement, including in each case, without limitation, payments due
on the Final Maturity Date, out of amounts of the Source of Debt
Service and Borrowed Amounts received by it.  The Borrower agrees
that, as long as moneys are held in such Debt Service Account and
such subaccounts of the Reserve Account, the Lenders, to the extent
necessary to make payments in accordance with the terms of the
Trust Agreement of principal, interest and other amounts due under
this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement, are among those
having a right as provided under Section 2.2 of the Trust Agreement
to receive disbursements thereunder.

     9.5 No Recourse.  In furtherance of Sections 9.1 to 9.4
hereof, each of the Agent, the Coordinators, the Lenders and each
holder of a Note, by its acceptance thereof, agrees that, except as
provided in Sections 9.3 and 9.4, it will look solely to the Source
of Debt Service and Borrowed Amounts to the extent provided in
Sections 9.3 and 9.4 hereof for all payments to be made by the
Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement,
as provided therein or herein, including in each case, without
limitation, payments due on the Final Maturity Date, and that no
recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of or
interest on the Notes or the payment of any other amounts due under
this Agreement or the Letter Agreement, or shall be had for any
claim based on any provision hereof or thereof, against Continental
Bank International (or any entity acting as successor trustee under
the Trust Agreement) in its individual capacity, or against any
past, present or future stockholder, officer, director, employee or
agent of Continental Bank International (or any entity so acting),
or against the grantors, settlors or beneficiaries of any trust
under the Trust Agreement, either directly or through the Borrower
or any successor of any thereof, under any constitution, statute or
rule of law or by the enforcement of any assessment, or otherwise,
and neither Continental Bank International (or any such entity
acting as such successor trustee) nor any such other Person shall
have any personal obligation, liability or duty whatsoever to the
Agent, the Coordinators or the Lenders or any holders of the Notes
or anyone else for or with respect to any such payment or for the
performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement
contained in any of said documents or for the truth, accuracy or
completeness of any statement or representation made in any such
document, except only in the case of Continental Bank International
(or any such entity acting as successor trustee) for any material
breach of a representation or warranty expressly made by it under
Section 4 or Section 5.3 hereof in its individual capacity and such
liability as may arise under this Agreement for gross negligence or
willful misconduct in acting hereunder.  In such connection the
Borrower (a) shall be entitled to act upon any notice, certificate,
request, direction, waiver, receipt or other document which it in
good faith believes to be genuine and it shall be entitled to rely
upon the due execution, validity and effectiveness of, and the
truth and acceptability of any provisions contained in, any of the
foregoing so received, (b) may consult with, and obtain advice from
qualified accounting and legal advisers in connection with the
performance of its obligations, and it shall incur no liability and
shall be fully protected in acting in good faith in accordance with
the opinion and advice of such advisers, and (c) shall have no
duties other than those specifically set forth or provided for
herein nor any obligation to familiarize itself with nor any
responsibility with respect to any other agreement relating to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement to which it is not a
party.

     9.6 Not to Limit Remedies.  Nothing contained in this Section
9 shall be construed to limit the exercise and enforcement, in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Notes or the
Letter Agreement, of the rights and remedies of the Agent, the
Coordinators or the Lenders or any holders of the Notes against the
Borrower hereunder to the extent of the Source of Debt Service and
Borrowed Amounts as provided herein.

SECTION 10.  MISCELLANEOUS

     10.1     Notices.  Any notice required or permitted to be
given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be (a) personally
delivered, (b) transmitted by postage prepaid registered mail,
return receipt requested, (c) transmitted by telex (with postage
prepaid mail confirmation) or (d) sent by facsimile transmission to
the parties as follows (as elected by the party giving such
notice):

To the Borrower: Continental Bank International, as Trustee 
              under the Bontang IV Trust
              Agreement dated as of August 26, 1991 
              520 Madison Avenue 
              New York, New York 10022
              Attention: LNG/LPG Division
              Telex: RCA 232304/ITT 420177
              Answerback: CBI UR/ CBI UI
              Facsimile: (212) 605-1014/319-0676

To the Agent: The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A.
              Two Chase Manhattan Plaza - 4th Floor 
              New York, New York 10081 
              Attention: Margaret A. Hyland, A.T.
              Telex: (212) 672-0860 NYACHASE 
              Facsimile: (212) 552-9544

To the Lenders:     As provided on the signature pages hereof

Any notice relating to a Borrowing or a prepayment shall only be
effective on receipt of a legible copy thereof.  Except as
otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices and other
communications shall be deemed to have been duly given on (i) the
date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) five days following
posting if transmitted by mail, (iii) the date of transmission with
confirmed answerback if transmitted by telex or (iv) the date of
receipt of a legible copy thereof if sent by facsimile
transmission, whichever shall first occur.  Any party may change
its address for purposes hereof by notice to the other parties.

     10.2     No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure to
exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Agent, the
Lenders or the holders of any Note, any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
any other right, power or privilege.  Subject always to the
provisions of Section 9 hereof, the rights and remedies herein
provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or
remedies provided by law.  The provisions of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of any subsequent holder of the Notes.

     10.3     Use of English Language.  All documents or notices
to be delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement
shall be in the English language.  English shall be the official
language for construction and interpretation of this Agreement, the
Notes, the Letter Agreement and all agreements, notices, documents
and instruments.  If the original of any such document or notice is
not in the English language, an English translation thereof shall
be delivered.

     10.4     Assignment and Transfer; Successors and Assigns;
Participations.

         (a)  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Borrower, the Coordinators, the Lenders, the
Agent and their respective successors and permitted assigns and
transferees.  The Borrower may not assign any of its rights or
delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the written
consent of all of the Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time sell,
assign, transfer, negotiate, or otherwise dispose of, in whole or
in part, with the prior written consent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld) of the Borrower, its rights and obligations
under this Agreement or the Notes; provided that such consent by
the Borrower shall not be required for any proposed sale,
assignment, transfer, negotiation or other disposition by a Lender
(i) to another financial institution (1) at least 75% of the voting
shares of which are held directly or indirectly by the Lender, or
(2) holding directly or indirectly at least 75% of the voting
shares of the Lender or (3) at least 75% of the voting shares of
which are held directly or indirectly by a corporation which holds
directly or indirectly at least 75% of the voting shares of the
Lender (any of the foregoing described transferees, a "Section
10.4(a) Affiliate") or (ii) at any time pursuant to the Risk
Participation Agreement to the Risk Participant or any of the Risk
Co-Participants or any Person affiliated with any of them.  The
exercise of such right by any Lender is, however, subject to the
conditions that the transferee shall (i) not have any right at the
time of transfer, or shall have effectively waived any right
existing in the transferee at the time of transfer, pursuant to
Section 3.3 hereof to claim from the Borrower tax indemnification
and pursuant to Section 3.4(b) hereof to claim from the Borrower
any additional amounts, in either case above and beyond that or
those which could have been claimed by the transferor at the time
of transfer, (ii) not have any right at the time of transfer
pursuant to Section 3.4(a) hereof not possessed by the transferor
at the time of transfer and (iii) in the case of any transfer to a
Section 10.4(b) Affiliate or to an affiliate of the Risk
Participant or of any Risk CoParticipant, not have designated a
Lending Office in any jurisdiction with respect to which the
Borrower is at the time of transfer prohibited by applicable state
or federal laws of the United States from doing business.

         (b)  In furtherance of the foregoing clause (a), except
in the case of a transfer stated in the relevant Transfer
Certificate pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 10.4 to be
pursuant to the Risk Participation Agreement, any Lender wishing to
transfer any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement or
the Notes to any Person shall effect such transfer in the following
manner:

              (i)   The Lender and the Person or Persons to which
the Lender wishes to transfer any of such rights and obligations
(the "Transferee" or "Transferees") shall duly complete and execute
a transfer certificate in the form of Exhibit C-2 hereto (the
"Transfer Certificate").

              (ii)  Unless the intended Transferee is stated in the
relevant Transfer Certificate to be a Section 10.4(a) Affiliate,
the Lender shall obtain the consent of the Borrower to the transfer
by having the Borrower evidence its consent in the space provided
therefor in the Transfer Certificate.

              (iii) The Lender then and only then shall
deliver the Transfer Certificate to the Agent together with (x) a
photocopy of the Transfer Certificate as executed by the Lender,
the Transferee and the Borrower, (y) the Note or Notes in respect
of which the transfer is being made, and (z) payment of the
transfer fee of $1,000, upon receipt of which the Agent shall
acknowledge receipt of such Transfer Certificate in the space
provided therefor in the photocopy and deliver the same to the
Transferee.

              (iv)  Each transfer shall become effective on the
later of (x) the date specified for such transfer in the related
Transfer Certificate and (y) the fifth Business Day after
acknowledgement of receipt of the related Transfer Certificate by
the Agent.

              (v)   Upon a transfer becoming effective in the
foregoing manner, the Transferee shall assume the obligations and
acquire the rights which are the subject of such transfer with the
same effect as if such Transferee had been an original party hereto
as a Lender with the rights and obligations acquired and assumed by
such Transferee as the result of such transfer.

         (c)  Any Lender wishing to transfer any of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement or the Notes to a Risk Participant
or Risk Co-Participant pursuant to the Risk Participation Agreement
shall effect such transfer in the following manner:

              (i)   The Lender, the Risk Participant and each Risk
Co-Participant participating in such transfer (or any affiliate of
the Risk Participant or of any of such Risk Co-Participants so
participating) shall duly complete and execute a Transfer
Certificate which shall omit the Borrower's consent form, which
shall specify the percentage interest of the Risk Participant and
of each such Risk Co-Participant (or each affiliate) in the
transfer to be evidenced thereby (each of the Risk Participant and
each Co-Participant (and each such affiliate) being a
"Transferee"), and which shall state that it is being completed and
executed and that the transfer is being made pursuant to the Risk
Participation Agreement.

              (ii)  The Lender then shall deliver the Transfer
Certificate to the Agent with (x) photocopies of the Transfer
Certificate, as executed by the Lender and each Transferee named
therein, in a number sufficient for each such Transferee and (y)
the Note or Notes in respect of which the transfer is being made,
upon receipt of which the Agent shall acknowledge receipt of such
Transfer Certificate in the space provided therefor in each
photocopy so provided and deliver the same to the Risk Participant
for further delivery to such Transferees.

              (iii)    Each transfer shall become effective as of
the date specified in the related Transfer Certificate.

              (iv)  Upon a transfer becoming effective in the
foregoing manner, each Transferee shall assume the obligations and
acquire the rights which are the subject of such transfer with the
same effect as if each such Transferee had been an original party
hereto as a Lender with the rights and obligations acquired and
assumed by each of such Transferees as the result of such transfer.

         (d)  The Agent shall as promptly as practicable deliver
to the Borrower a copy of each Transfer Certificate the receipt of
which is acknowledged pursuant to this Section 10.4 together with
the Note or Notes received with respect thereto, whereupon:

              (i)   in the case of any transfer stated in the
relevant Transfer Certificate to be other than pursuant to the Risk
Participation Agreement, the Borrower shall execute and deliver
into the custody of the Agent one or more new Notes (of the same
category as the Notes subject to transfer and dated the date to
which interest has been paid on the Advances evidenced thereby) (x)
in the principal amounts being retained, if any, and/or transferred
by the transferor and the Transferee or Transferees, respectively,
(y) payable to the order of such transferor and/or Transferee or
Transferees, respectively, and (z) in an aggregate principal amount
equal to that evidenced by the Note or Notes which are the subject
of such transfer; and

              (ii)  in the case of any transfer stated in the
relevant Transfer Certificate to be pursuant to the Risk
Participation Agreement, the Borrower shall execute and deliver
into the custody of the Agent a new Note (to be designated as an A
Note and dated the date to which interest has been paid on the
Advances evidenced by the Note or Notes subject to such transfer)
for each Transferee named in the relevant Transfer Certificate and
each other Transfer Certificate then being delivered pursuant to
the Risk Participation Agreement (x) in the case of each Transferee
in a principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount then
being concurrently transferred by all Lenders to such Transferee,
(y) payable to the order of each Transferee, and (z) in an
aggregate principal amount for all such Note or Notes equal to that
evidenced by all Notes being transferred by all Lenders pursuant to
the Risk Participation Agreement.

         (e)  The Agent shall as promptly as practicable deliver
to the relevant Transferees all new Notes delivered into its
custody pursuant to Section 10.4(d).

         (f)  The Agent and the Borrower may treat each Lender as
the holder of the Note drawn to its order and delivered to such
Lender, whether pursuant to Section 2.9 or this Section 10.4,
except in those circumstances where a transfer has become effective
pursuant to this Section 10.4 but the new Note or Notes to be
issued in connection with such transfer have yet to be issued, in
which case the transferor and Transferee or Transferees parties to
such transfer shall be treated as the holder or holders of the
existing Note or Notes related to such transfer to the extent of
their respective interests as set forth in the relevant Transfer
Certificate.

         (g)  All agreements, representations and warranties made
herein shall survive the making of any such transfer hereunder by
any Lender.

         (h)  Notwithstanding anything otherwise contained in this
Section 10.4, each Lender may grant participations which do not
create or purport to create binding obligations of the Borrower, in
whole or in part, in its rights under this Agreement and the Notes
without any restriction and without notice to the Borrower.

         (i)  The parties named on the signature pages hereof
under the captions "Arrangers," "Co-Arrangers," "Lead Managers,"
"Managers," "Co-Managers" and "Co-Agents" are intended to have such
benefits, and in accepting any such benefits also to accept such
obligations, as may be expressly provided for such parties herein
to the same extent as if such parties had actually executed and
delivered this Agreement.

     10.5     Amendments.  Any provision of this Agreement or the
Notes may be amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or
waiver shall be in writing and signed (including the form of
signatures on any telex, cable or facsimile) by the Majority
Lenders and, if the Agent's rights or duties as agent are affected,
the Agent; provided that any such amendment must also be signed by
the Borrower; and provided further that no such amendment or waiver
shall, unless signed by each Lender, do any of the following: (a)
increase or decrease the Commitment of any Lender or subject any
Lender to any additional obligation hereunder; (b) reduce the
amount or postpone the date of any payment of principal, interest
or other amount hereunder with respect to any Advance; (c) reduce
the percentage of the amount of the Commitments or the Advances
specified in the definition of "Majority Lenders" or otherwise
required to take any action hereunder; (d) modify the requirement
that the consent of each Lender is required with respect to devi-
ations from the requirements in clause (i), clause (j), clause (1)
or clause (m) of Section 5.1 hereof or clause (ii)(A), clause
(iii), clause (iv) or clause (vi) of Section 5.2 hereof; or 
(e) amend or waive any provision of this Section 10.5. Any such
amendment or waiver shall be signed by the Agent on behalf of the
relevant Lenders if the Agent has been so authorized in writing or
by telex, cable or facsimile transmission by the Majority Lenders
or all of the Lenders, as the case may be.  Any amendment or waiver
signed by the Agent in accordance with the preceding sentence shall
be binding upon the Lenders and any holder of a Note.  Any action
that the Agent may take on behalf of the Majority Lenders under
this Agreement and that the Agent in fact so takes shall be binding
on all of the Lenders.

     10.6     Expenses; Indemnification.

         (a)  Whether or not the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be consummated, the Borrower agrees to pay, or
reimburse the Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, for, all reasonable
disbursements, charges and fees of the Lenders' special New York
counsel for the period commencing on March 21, 1991 in connection
with the preparation, negotiation and signing of, and the initial
disbursement under, this Agreement.  Upon the making of the initial
Advance under this Agreement, the Borrower shall pay such amounts
representing fees on the date of such Advance or, if such Advance
has not been made on or prior to the thirtieth day following the
Effective Date, on such thirtieth day.  The Borrower shall pay such
amounts representing disbursements and charges on the date of the
Borrowing at least fifteen days next following receipt by the
Borrower of a written statement setting forth such amounts.

         (b)  The Borrower agrees (i) to pay, or reimburse the
Agent for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including, but not
limited to, travel expenses, legal fees, disbursements and other
charges of Lenders' counsel incurred by the Agent in connection
with any amendment or supplement to, or modification or waiver of,
this Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Producers Agreement or
other related documents after this Agreement has been fully
executed and (ii) whether or not amounts due under this Agreement,
any of the Notes or the Letter Agreement are accelerated, upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default or an event the occurrence or
non-occurrence of which would, with notice or lapse of time or both
constitute an Event of Default (but only if such event later
becomes an Event of Default), to pay, or reimburse the Agent for,
all reasonable expenses of the Agent and each holder of any Notes
arising in connection with such Event of Default or the enforcement
of this Agreement, such Notes, the Letter Agreement or the Produc-
ers Agreement, including but not limited to the fees and expenses
of counsel employed by the Agent or such holder and any expenses of
the Agent incurred in connection with any assignment of any rights
of any Lender under this Agreement, the Notes or the Producers
Agreement to the Risk Participant or the Risk Co-Participants or
their respective affiliates as set forth in Section 10.4 hereof.

         (c)  The Borrower hereby further agrees to pay the fees
and expenses specified in and otherwise in accordance with the
letter agreement between the Borrower and the Agent of even date
herewith (the "Expenses Letter Agreement").

     10.7     Sharing of Set-Off and Other Payments.  In the event
that any Lender shall have received an amount in excess of its
ratable share of payments hereunder or under the Notes through the
exercise of any lien, set-off or similar right or any voluntary
payment by the Borrower, such Lender shall promptly (and in any
event within 15 days) purchase for cash without recourse that
portion of each other Lender's Advances as will result in each
Lender receiving its ratable share of the amount of such lien,
set-off or similar right, or voluntary payment; provided that to
the extent that such excess amount or any portion thereof is
subsequently recovered from the purchasing Lender, its purchases
from the other Lenders shall be rescinded and the price repaid
without interest; and provided further that if, after acceleration
of the maturity of the relevant Notes pursuant to Section 7 hereof,
any Lender  shall commence an action or proceeding in any court to
enforce the relevant Notes held by such Lender and as a result
thereof, or in connection therewith, shall receive an excess
payment on such Notes, such Lender shall not be required to share
any portion of such excess payment with a Lender which has received
sufficient notice to enable it to and which has the legal right to,
but does not, join such action or proceeding or commence and
diligently prosecute a separate action or proceeding to enforce its
Notes in another court.  Nothing herein contained shall in any way
affect (a) expenses pursuant to Section 2.7(b) hereof, prepayments
pursuant to Section 3.4 hereof and interest payments calculated in
accordance with the provisions of the fifth sentence of Section 2.6
hereof and (b) the right of any Lender to obtain payment of
indebtedness of the Borrower other than Indebtedness under this
Agreement, the Notes and the Letter Agreement.

     10.8     Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
shall be an original, but all such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same instrument.  Complete sets of
counterparts shall be lodged with the Agent and the Borrower.

     10.9     Table of Contents and Section Headings.  The table
of contents and the section headings in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in
construing this Agreement.

     10.10    Governing Law.  This Agreement and the Notes shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the
State of New York, United States of America, applicable to
agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State.

     10.11    Severability.  If any one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement or any document executed in connection
herewith shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
under any applicable law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way
be affected or impaired.

     10.12    Term of Agreement.  The term of this Agreement shall
commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the termination of
all of the Lenders' Commitments or payment in full of all of the
Notes and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the
Letter Agreement, whichever is later.  The agreements of the
Borrower to pay expenses and indemnities pursuant to Sections 3 and
10.6 of this Agreement shall survive the repayment of the Advances
and the cancellation of all of the Notes until all amounts payable
thereunder are paid in full.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective duly authorized
signatories as of the Effective Date.

                                                      The Borrower
                                  CONTINENTAL BANK INTERNATIONAL, as
                                  Trustee aforesaid


                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Coordinators
                             
                             CHASE MANHATTAN ASIA LIMITED

                             By_____________/s/____________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             

                             THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Arrangers

                             THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK, LTD.
                             SINGAPORE BRANCH

                             THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED 

                             MITSUI TAIYO KOBE ASIA LIMITED

                             THE SANWA BANK,  LIMITED

                             UNION BANK OF SWITZERLAND

                             Co-Arrangers

                             CREDIT LYONNAIS

                             BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS

                             THE MITSUBISHI TRUST AND BANKING   
                             CORPORATION

                             NMB POSTBANK GROEP N.V.
                             
                             THE SUMITOMO BANK, LIMITED 
                             SINGAPORE BRANCH    

                             SWISS BANK CORPORATION

                             BANQUE PARIBAS
                             SINGAPORE BRANCH

                             THE DAIWA BANK LIMITED

                             DEUTSCHE BANK (ASIA PACIFIC)
                             LTD.

                             DRESDNER (SOUTH EAST ASIA)
                             LIMITED

                             SOCIETE GENERALE ASIA LIMITED

                             THE TOKAI BANK, LIMITED

                             Lead Manager

                             THE NIPPON CREDIT BANK, LTD.

                             Managers

                             BBL FINANCE IRELAND

                             THE TOYO TRUST AND BANKING 
                             COMPANY, LIMITED

                             BANCO ESPANOL DE CREDITO
                             (BANESTO)

                             GENERALE BANK

                             THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK OF JAPAN,
                             LTD.

                             Co-Managers

                             CREDIT NATIONAL

                             THE KIYO BANK, LTD.

                             Co-Agents

                             THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.

                             THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED

                             Agent

                             THE CHASE MAHATTAN BANK, N.A.

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

Commitment                        Lenders

$52,214,534.00               THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.
                             
                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             Nassau Branch
                             c/o Eurocurrency Operations
                             Division  
                             2 Chase Manhattan Plaza, 10th Fl.
                             New York, NY  10081
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Ms. Ida L. Borroto
                             Telex:  62910 CMB UW
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 552-8917

Commitment

$52,214,534.00               THE MITSUBISHI BANK, LIMITED

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             Two World Financial Center
                             225 Liberty Street
                             New York, NY  10281
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Fuchida
                             Vice President Corporate Finance
                             Telex:  232328 MITUR or
                             420367 BISHIBK
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 667-3562

Commitment

$50,474,048.00               THE DAI-ICHI KANGYO BANK, LTD.

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             One World Trade Center
                             Suite 4911
                             New York, NY  10048
                             U.S.A.
                             Attention:  Mr. Francisco Cruz
                             Planning & Operations Officer
                             Loan Administration Department          
                             Telex:  232988 DKB UR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 524-0579      




Commitment                   

$50,474,048.00               THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             Two World Financial Center
                             79th Floor
                             New York, NY  10048
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Kentaro Akashi
                             Telex:  RCA 232440 FUJI UR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 321-9407


Commitment

$50,474,048.00               THE MITSUI TAIYO KOBE BANK, LIMITED     

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             277 Park Avenue
                             New York, NY  10172-0121
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Ms. Patricia L. Walsh
                             (A.V.P.)/Loan Support Group
                             Telex:  RCA 232962 MTKB
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 888-7651

Commitment

$50,474,048.00               THE SANWA BANK, LIMITED            
                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             Park Avenue Plaza
                             55 East 52nd Street
                             New York, NY  10055
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Ms. Renko Hara
                             Vice President 
                             Loan Administration Department
                             Telex:  232423 SWBUR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 754-2368
                             
Commitment

$50,474,048.00               UNION DE BANQUES SUISSES 
                             (LUXEMBOURG) S.A.

                             By_____________/s/________________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             By_______________________________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             36-38, Grand-rue
                             B. P. 134
                             L-2011 Luxembourg

                             Attention:  Mr. Andre Clement
                             Telex:  (0450) 1280 UBS LU
                             Telecopier:  (352) 45-12-12-703

Commitment

$32,000,000.00               CREDIT LYONNAIS S.A. 

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             1 rue des Italiens
                             75009 Paris
                             France

                             Attention:  DFSE FPE E32 Fil. C
                             Mme. Gouget
                             Telex:  649076 F CREDC
                             Telecopier:  (33-1) 42-95-65-68

Commitment

$25,000,000.00               BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS           

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             Hong Kong Branch
                             Central Building
                             Queen's Road
                             Central
                             Hong Kong

                             Attention:  Claudia Yeung, Manager 
                             Wynnie Lam, Asst. Manager
                             Chinese Division
                             Secretariat
                             Telex:  73786 BNP HX
                             Telecopier:  (852) 810-6252

Commitment

$25,000,000.00               THE MITSUBISHI TRUST AND BANKING   
                             CORPORATION    

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             520 Madison Avenue, 26 Fl.
                             New York, NY  10022
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Nobuo Hirai                 
                             Chief Manager/NY Branch  
                             Japanese Corp. Finance   
                             Telex:  ITT 425078 MTABUI
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 755-2349

Commitment

$25,000,000.00               NMB POSTBANK GROEP N.V.            

                             By_____________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             De Amsterdamse Poort
                             Amersterdam Z-O
                             P. O. Box 1800
                             1000 BV Amsterdam
                             The Netherlands

                             Attention:  Mr. Jan-Hein Jesse
                             Energy Finance HD O4.03
                             Telex:  11402 NMB NL
                             Telecopier:  (31-20) 563-5369

Commitment

$25,000,000.00               THE SUMITOMO BANK, LIMITED

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             One World Trade Center
                             Suite 9651
                             New York, NY  10048
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Kota, Vice President
Loan
                             Administrator       
                             Telex:  232407 SMKBUR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 524-0612

Commitment

$25,000,000.00               SWISS BANK CORPORATION

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             10 East 50th Street
                             New York, NY  10022
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Salvatore Charles
                             Sirna
                             Telex:  RCA 232432 SBNY UR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 574-4131

Commitment

$24,366,782.00               BANQUE PARIBAS

                             By______________/s/______________
                             Name:
                             Title:

                             Lending Office:

                             Singapore Branch
                             Hong Leong Building #39-01
                             16 Raffles Quay
                             Singapore 0104

                             Attention:  Ms. Gigi Chen
                             Mr. Patrick Bader
                             Project Finance Dept.
                             Telex:  RS20414 PARSIN 20414
                             Telecopier:  (65) 224-3053

Commitment

$24,366,782.00               THE DAIWA BANK LIMITED   

                             By______________/s/______________
                             Name:
                             Title:    

                             Lending Office:

                             New York Branch
                             75 Rockefeller Plaza
                             New York, NY  10019
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Ms. Jean Cua
                                  Supervisor
                             Loan Administration
                             Telex:  RCA 232246 DWBK UR
                                  ITT 422391 DAIW BK
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 397-9317

Commitment

$24,366,782.00               DEUTSCHE BANK AG    

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             Singapore Branch
                             8 Shenton Way
                             #01-01 Treasury Building
                             Singapore 0106
                             
                             Attention:  Ms. Helen Ong
                             Ms. Catherine Pek
                             CBD/ACU
                             Telex:  RS21189 DBA
                             Telecopier:  (65) 225-9442

Commitment

$24,366,782.00               DRESDNER BANK AG    

                             By________________/s/____________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             Singapore Branch
                             20 Collyer Quay #22-00
                             Tung Centre
                             Singapore 0140
                             Attention:  Mr. Wong Mun Fatt
                             Assistant Manager
                                  Credit Division
                             Telex:  RS29366 DRESDBK
                             Telecopier:  (65) 224-4008

Commitment

$12,183,391.00               SOCIETE GENERALE    

                             By_____________/s/_______________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             Singapore Branch
                             105 Cecil Street
                             24-01 The Octagon
                             Singapore 0106

                             Attention:  Ms. Nathalie Lesbre
                             Manager, Credit & Marketing Dept.

                             Ms. Delia Tan
                             Head of Dept., Credit
                             Administration Dept.
                             Telex:  RS27213 SOGESI
                             Telecopier:  (65) 225-2609

Commitment

$12,183,391.00               SOCIETE GENERALE    

                             By______________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             Tokyo Branch
                             Hibiya Central Building
                             1-2-9 Nishi-Shinbashi
                             Minato-Ku, Tokyo 105
                             Japan

                             Attention:  Mr. T. Ogino
                             Vice President

                             Ms. T. Yishida
                             Head of Section,               Credit   
                             Administration Dept.
                             Telex:  28611 GENESO J
                             Telecopier:  (81-3) 3595-1880

Commitment

$24,366,782.00               THE TOKAI BANK, LIMITED

                             By______________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             55 East 52nd Street
                             Park Avenue Plaza
                             New York, NY  10055
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Ms. Toshihiko Yokoi
                             Vice President
                             Loan Administration
                             Telex:  422857 TOKAI
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 754-2171

Commitment

$20,000,000.00               THE NIPPON CREDIT BANK, LTD.

                             By______________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             245 Park Avenue, 30th Floor
                             New York, NY  10167
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Peter Fiorillo,             
                              AVP 
                                  Loan Administration
                             Telex:  232496 NCBN UR
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 697-8034

Commitment

$15,000,000.00               BBL FINANCE IRELAND

                             By____________/s/___________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             Harcourt Centre
                             Harcourt Road
                             Dublin
                             Republic of Ireland

                             Attention:  Mr. Aidan Neill
                             Telex:  91309 BBLF EI
                             Telecopier:  (353-1) 78-49-82

Commitment

$15,000,000.00               THE TOYO TRUST AND BANKING COMPANY 
                             LIMITED

                             By____________/s/___________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             437 Madison Avenue
                             37th Floor
                             New York, NY  10022
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Robert Tse
                                  Vice President,
                             Loan Administration
                             Telex:  222675 TTBC
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 371-4963


Commitment

$10,000,000.00               BANCO ESPANOL DE CREDITO

                             By____________/s/___________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             630 Fifth Avenue
                             New York, NY  10111
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Jose Moreno
                             Telex:  422035
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 554-9349



Commitment

$10,000,000.00               GENERALE BANK

                             By______________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             520 Madison Avenue
                             (40-41st Floor)
                             New York, NY  10022
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Stephane Garceau
                             Telex:  6801235 SGBNYC
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 838-7492

Commitment

$10,000,000.00               THE LONG TERM CREDIT BANK OF             JAPAN,
LTD.

                             By______________/s/_________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             165 Broadway
                             New York, NY  10006
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. James Schiavone
                                  Vice President-Finance Operations
                             Telex:  425722 LTCBUI
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 608-2371

Commitment

$5,000,000.00                CREDIT NATIONAL           
 
                             By_____________/s/__________________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             U.S. Agency
                             520 Madison Avenue
                             New York, NY  10022
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Thierry Hasse
                                  Ms. Theresa Killen                 
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 832-6088

Commitment

$5,000,000.00                THE KIYO BANK, LTD.       
 
                             By__________________/s/__________
                             Name:
                             Title:
                             
                             Lending Office:          

                             New York Branch
                             45 Broadway, 23rd Fl.
                             New York, NY  10006
                             U.S.A.

                             Attention:  Mr. Shigeo Yamamoto
                             Manager
                             Telex:  4977133 KIYO UI
                             Telecopier:  (1-212) 635-9306

<PAGE>
List of omitted Exhibits and Schedules to Bontang IV Loan
Agreement, dated as of August 26, 1991, among Continental Bank
International as Trustee under the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement as Borrower, Chase Manhattan Asia Limited and The
Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Coordinators, the other banks and
financial institutions named herein as Arrangers, Co-Arrangers,
Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers and Lenders, The Chase
Manhattan Bank, N.A. and The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Co-Agents
and The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent.

Exhibit             Description

EXHIBIT A               FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING

EXHIBIT B-1         FORM OF NOTICE OF DEFERRAL

EXHIBIT B-2         FORM OF NOTICE OF INTEREST PERIOD

EXHIBIT C-1         FORM OF NOTE

EXHIBIT C-2         FORM OF TRANSFER CERTIFICATE

EXHIBIT D-1         FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF KELLEY DRYE & WARREN,
                    COUNSEL TO THE BORROWER

EXHIBIT D-2         FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF MAYER, BROWN & PLATT,
                    COUNSEL TO THE BORROWER

EXHIBIT E-1         FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF THE SPECIAL LEGAL
                    ADVISOR TO THE PRESIDENT DIRECTOR OF PERTAMINA

EXHIBIT E-2         FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF BAKER & BOTTS, SPECIAL
                    COUNSEL TO CERTAIN OF THE PRODUCERS

EXHIBIT E-3         FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF WHITE & CASE, SPECIAL
                    NEW YORK COUNSEL TO PERTAMINA

EXHIBIT F               FORM OF LEGAL OPINION OF SKADDEN, ARPS,
SLATE,                  MEAGHER & FLOM, SPECIAL COUNSEL TO THE
AGENT                   AND THE LENDERS

Schedule            Description

SCHEDULE 1          BASIC AGREEMENTS

SCHEDULE 2          DRAWDOWN SCHEDULE


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>24
<DESCRIPTION>LNG SALES CONTRACT DATED OCT. 13, 1992
<TEXT>









                           LNG SALES CONTRACT
                                    
                                    
                                    
                      dated as of 13 October, 1992
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                 BETWEEN
                                    
                                    
                                    
                   PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
                                    
                                    
                 GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA) , as Seller
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                   AND
                                    
                                    
                                    
            HIROSHIMA GAS CO., LTD. and NIPPON GAS CO., LTD.,
                                    
                                    
                                as Buyers
                                    
                                    
                                     <PAGE>
                           
                           LNG SALES CONTRACT
                                    
                                CONTENTS
                                    
                                                         Page

ARTICLE 1    - DEFINITIONS                                1


ARTICLE 2    - Sale and Purchase                          8


ARTICLE 3    - Sources of Supply                          9
    
    3.1        Sources of Supply                          9
    3.2        Reserves of Natural Gas                    9
    3.3        Changes in Gas Supply Area and Seller's 
               Suppliers                                  10


ARTICLE 4    - Transportation and UnLoading               11

    4.1        Seller's Obligation to Provide 
               Transportation                             11
    4.2        LNG Tankers                                11
    4.3        Unloading Port Facilities                  11
    4.4        Unloading Port Obligations                 13
  4.5          Notices of LNG Tanker Movements and 
               Characteristics of LNG Cargoes             14
    4.6        Demurrage at Unloading Ports               15
    4.7        Effect of Unloading Port Delays; 
               Excess Boil-Off                            16
    4.8        Non-Utilization Cost                       17


ARTICLE 5    - Onshore Facilities                         20

5.1          Receiving Facilities                         20
5.2          Badak Facility                               20


ARTICLE 6    - Duration of Contract                       21


ARTICLE 7    - Quantities                                 22

7.1          Fixed Quantities                             22
7.2          Permanent Increase in Fixed Quantities       23
7.3          Annual Adjustment to Fixed Quantities        25
7.4   Adjustment to Fixed Quantities at Time of 
               Ninety-Day Schedules                       25
7.5   Single Port Cargoes; Reallocation of 
               Cargoes;Rate of Deliveries                 26
7.6   Quantity Deficiency                                 27
7.7   Allocation of Deliveries Between Buyers 
               and Other Purchasers                       28
7.8   Make-Up LNG                                         29
7.9   Force Majeure Deficiency                            30
7.10           Allocation of Make-Up LNG and 
               Restoration Quantities                     30
7.11           Additional Quantities                      31


ARTICLE 8    - Contract Sales Price                       32

8.1          Contract Sales Price                         32
8.2          LNG Element                                  32
8.3          Transportation Element                       33
8.4          Annual Reconciliation of Transportation 
               Costs                                      35
8.5          Second LNG Tanker                            36


ARTICLE 9    - Transfer of title                          37


ARTICLE 10   - Invoices and Payment                       38

    10.1       Cargo Invoices and Documents               38
    10.2       Other Invoices                             38
    10.3       Invoice Due Dates                          38
    10.4       Payment                                    39
    10.5       Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure 
               to Make Payment                            40
    10.6       Seller's Rights Upon Other Buyer's Failure 
               to Make Payment                            41
    10.7       Disputed Invoices                          41


ARTICLE 11   - Quality                                    43

    11.1       Gross Heating Value                        43
    11.2       Components                                 43


ARTICLE 12   - Scheduling                                 44

    12.1       Annual Program                             44
    12.2       Ninety-Day Schedules                       45
    12.3       Maintenance and Inspection Coordination    45
    12.4       Coordination of Scheduling with Other 
               Buyer                                      45


ARTICLE 13   - Measurements, Tests and Analysis           46

    13.1       Parties to Supply Devices                  46
    13.2       Selection of Devices                       46
    13.3       Units of Measurement and Calibration       46
    13.4       Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers           47
    13.5       Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes 
               Delivered                                  47
    13.6       Samples for Quality Analysis               48
    13.7       Quality Analysis                           49
    13.8       Operating Procedures                       50
    13.9       BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered          50
    13.10      Verification of Accuracy and Correction 
               for Error                                  52
    13.11      Disputes                                   53
    13.12      Costs and Expenses of Test and 
               Verification                               53


ARTICLE 14   - Duties, Taxes and Charges                  54


ARTICLE 15   - Force Majeure                              55

    15.1       Events of Force Majeure                    55
    15.2       Notice; Resumption of Normal Performance   56
    15.3       Efforts to Mitigate the Effect of 
               Force Majeure                              57
    15.4       Settlement of Industrial Disturbances      57


ARTICLE 16   - Arbitration                                58


ARTICLE 17   - Applicable law                             59


ARTICLE 18   - Buyers' Representative                     60


ARTICLE 19   - Confidentiality                            61


ARTICLE 20   - Notices                                    62


ARTICLE 21   - Assignment                                 65


ARTICLE 22   - Amendment and Waiver                       66


ARTICLE 23   - Severalty                                  67


ARTICLE 24   - Details of Performance                     68


ARTICLE 25   - Exchange of Information                    69


ARTICLE 26   - Termination                                70


ARTICLE 27   - Scope                                      71


ARTICLE 28   - Counterparts                               72



SCHEDULE A     -    TESTING AND METHODS
<PAGE>
LNG SALES CONTRACT

                               
     This LNG Sales Contract (the "Contract"), dated as of the 13th
day of October, 1992, is made by and between PERUSAHAAN
PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA), a state
enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia ("Seller"), on the one
hand,

   and

HIROSHIMA GAS CO., LTD. ("Hiroshima Gas") and NIPPON GAS CO., LTD.
("Nippon Gas"), both corporations organized and existing under the
laws of Japan (hereinafter referred to individually as "Buyer" and
collectively as "Buyers"), on the other hand.

                                WHEREAS:

1.   By an LNG sales contract between Seller and Other Buyer, Other
     Buyer has agreed to purchase, receive and pay for quantities
     of LNG to be transported to Other Buyer in the LNG Tankers
     providing transportation of LNG sold and delivered to Buyers
     under this Contract.

2.   It is the intention of Other Buyer, Buyers and Seller that the
     LNG Tankers transporting LNG sold and delivered to Buyers
     under this Contract shall be fully utilized in transporting
     the sum of (i) the quantities of LNG purchased, received and
     paid for by Buyers under this Contract and (ii) the quantities
     of LNG purchased, received and paid for by Other Buyer under
     the Other Buyer Contract.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained
herein, Seller and each Buyer hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

     The terms or expressions set forth below will have the
following meanings when used in this Contract and where the context
permits the singular shall include the plural and vice versa:

     1.1  Actual Amount
          As defined in Section 8.4.

     1.2  Actual Cubic Foot
          A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
foot.

     1.3  Additional Quantities
          As defined in Section 7.11.

     1.4  Adverse Weather Conditions
          As defined in Section 4.6(b).

     1.5  Affiliate
          As defined in Article 19.

     1.6  Allowed Laytime
          As defined in Section 4.6(b).

     1.7  Annual Program
          As defined in Section 12.1(a).

     1.8  Authorizations and Approvals
          As defined in Article 26.

     1.9  Badak Facility
          As defined in Section 5.2.

     1.10 Base Rate
          The rate of interest announced from time to time to the
          press by Citibank, N.A., New York ("Citibank") as
          Citibank's base rate. The base rate may not be the lowest
          rate charged by Citibank to its borrowers. If there is
          any doubt as to the Base Rate for any period, a written
          confirmation signed by an officer of Citibank shall
          conclusively establish the Base Rate in effect for such
          period. In the event that Citibank shall for any reason
          cease quoting a base rate as described above, then a
          comparable rate shall be determined using rates then in
          effect and shall be used in place of the said base rate.

     1.11 British Thermal Unit (BTU)
          The amount of heat required to raise the temperature of
          one avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.0 degrees
          Fahrenheit to 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit at an absolute
          pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch. MMBTU means
          one million (1,000,000) BTUs.

     1.12 Business Day in Japan
          Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays, National
          Holidays (including compensatory days), and January 2 and
          3.

     1.13 Buyer's Facilities
          For the purposes of Sections 15.1(E) and 15.3, in respect
          of either Buyer, the Receiving Facilities of such Buyer
          and such other facilities directly related to the use of
          LNG which, if not operational, would reduce the amount of
          LNG which such Buyer is able to receive hereunder.

     1.14 Buyers' Representative
          Such entity from time to time designated by Buyers
          pursuant to Article 18.

     1.15 Certificate
          As defined in Section 3.2(a).

     1.16 Coordinated Maintenance Schedule
          As defined in Section 12.3.

     1.17 Contract Sales Price
          As defined in Section 8.1.

     1.18 Cubic Meter (CBM)
          A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
meter.

     1.19 Delivery Point
          The point at an Unloading Port at which the flange
coupling of Buyer's unloading line joins the flange coupling of the
LNG discharging manifold on board the LNG Tanker.

     1.20 Fixed Quantity
          As defined in Section 7.1.

     1.21 Fixed Quantity Notice
          As defined in Section 7.1.

     1.22 Fixed Quantity Period
          As defined in Section 7.1.

     1.23 Force Majeure
          As defined in Section 15.1.

     1.24 Force Majeure Deficiency
          As defined in Section 7.9(a).

     1.25 Full Cargo Lot
          A quantity of LNG delivered to the Receiving Facilities
          from an LNG Tanker loaded to its full capacity.

     1.26 Gas Supply Area
          The areas in East Kalimantan, Indonesia covered by
          production sharing contracts between Seller and Seller's
          Suppliers, and such other nearby contract areas as Seller
          may designate from time to time.

     1.27 G.P.A.
          Gas Processors Association.

     1.28 Gross Heating Value
          The quantity of heat, expressed in British Thermal Units,
          produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic
          foot of anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60.0 degrees
          Fahrenheit and an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per
          square inch, with the air at the same temperature and
          pressure as the gas, after cooling the products of the
          combustion to the initial temperature of the gas and air,
          and after condensation of the water formed by combustion.

     1.29 Initial Delivery Month
          As defined in Section 7.2(b).

     1.30 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
          Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling
          point and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

     1.31 LNG Element
          As defined in Section 8.2.

     1.32 LNG Tanker
          The LNG tanker or tankers referred to in Section 4.2 to
          be used by Seller for transporting LNG under this
          Contract.

     1.33 Loading Port
          The port located at the Badak Facility.

     1.34 M.S.A.
          The Maritime Safety Agency of Japan.

     1.35 Make-Up LNG
          As defined in Section 7.8.

     1.36 Natural Gas
          Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons consisting
          essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-
          combustible gases in a gaseous state and which is
          extracted from the subsurface of the earth in its natural
          state, separately or together with liquid hydrocarbons.

     1.37 Night Navigation or Berthing Restrictions
          As defined in Section 4.6(b).

     1.38 Ninety-Day Schedule
          As defined in Section 12.2.

     1.39 Non-Utilization Cost
          As defined in Section 4.8.

     1.40 NOR Position
          In the case of Hiroshima, Sekizaki Pilot Station, and in
          the case of Kagoshima, Taniyama Port Pilot Station.

     1.41 Notice of Readiness
          As defined in Section 4.6(a).

     1.42 Operating Cost Component
          As defined in Seller's Transportation Arrangements.

     1.43 Other Buyer
          Osaka Gas Co., Ltd.

     1.44 Other Buyer Contract
          The LNG sales contract between Seller and Other Buyer
          under which Other Buyer purchases, receives and pays for,
          and pays for if not taken, quantities of LNG transported
          to Other Buyer in the LNG Tankers.

     1.45 Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
          Reserves which have been proved to a high degree of
          certainty by reason of actual completion, successful
          testing or in certain cases by adequate core analyses,
          and which are defined areally by reasonable geological
          interpretation of structure and known continuity of oil-
          or gas-saturated material.

     1.46 Quantity Deficiency
          As defined in Section 7.6(a).

     1.47 Receiving Facilities
          As defined in Section 5.1.

     1.48 Restoration Quantities
          As defined in Section 7.9(a).

     1.49 Round-Up Request
          As defined in Section 7.6(a)(ii).

     1.50 Safety Pledge Letter
          As defined in Section 4.4 (b).

     1.51 Seller's Facilities
          For the purposes of Section 15.1(D), Natural Gas
          reservoirs or production facilities in the field, the
          facilities for transportation of Natural Gas from the
          field, and the Badak Facility.

     1.52 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
          From time to time on any given date the amount of Natural
          Gas required to satisfy the remaining obligations of
          Seller on such date to supply LNG or Natural Gas from the
          Gas Supply Area plus the amount of Natural Gas from the
          Gas Supply Area required to supply any additional
          commitment or commitments which Seller anticipates
          making.

     1.53 Seller's Suppliers
          In respect of portions of the LNG to be sold hereunder:
          (a)  Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
               Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
               Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
               Inc. and Virginia International Company;
          (b)  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.;
          (c)  Unocal Indonesia Ltd.;
          (d)  Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.; and

          such other entities that may, from time to time, execute
          a supply agreement with Seller; and any successors and
          assigns of any of the aforesaid suppliers who shall have
          agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations
          of their respective assignors under the applicable
          agreement with Seller under which such suppliers make
          available for sale hereunder their respective interests
          in the quantities of LNG to be sold hereunder.

     1.54 Seller's Transportation Arrangements
          The agreement(s) between Seller and Seller's Transporter
          providing for the transportation of LNG hereunder,
          together with any amendment, modification or supplement
          thereto.

     1.55 Seller's Transporter
          An entity or entities which contract with Seller to
provide transportation.

     1.56 Standard Cubic Foot (scf)
          The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor,
          occupying a volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a
          temperature of 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit and at an absolute
          pressure of 14.696 pounds per square inch.

     1.57 Take-or-Pay Quantity
          As defined in Section 7.8.

     1.58 Transportation Element
          As defined in Section 8.3.

     1.59 Unloading Ports
          The ports at locations in or near Hiroshima and
          Kagoshima, and at such other locations in Japan as may be
          agreed between Seller and Buyers, where the Receiving
          Facilities will be constructed.

     1.60 Used Laytime
          As defined in Section 4.6(a).

ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE

     Seller agrees to sell and deliver to each Buyer at the
Delivery Point, and each Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay
for, and to pay for if not taken, LNG, in the quantities, at the
price and in accordance with the other terms and conditions set
forth in this Contract.

ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

     3.1  Sources of Supply
          The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and
delivered hereunder is to be produced from the Gas Supply Area.
Seller has and will maintain throughout the term of this Contract
the right and ability to perform its obligations under this
Contract to sell and deliver all quantities of LNG to be sold and
delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding any reference to Seller's
Suppliers in this Contract, Seller is fully responsible for
performance of all the obligations of Seller hereunder and no
contractual default of any of Seller's Suppliers shall excuse
Seller from its full responsibility hereunder.

     3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas
          (a)  Seller has furnished Buyers with statements, each
               entitled "Certificate" and each dated January 31,
               1986 or May 1, 1989 of DeGolyer and MacNaughton
               expressing its estimate of Proved Remaining
               Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas
               Supply Area. Seller represents that such estimated
               quantity is in excess of Seller's Gas Supply
               Obligation as of the date of this Contract.
               Hereafter and throughout the term of this Contract,
               before committing additional Natural Gas from the
               Gas Supply Area to sale or other utilization,
               Seller shall secure from an independent petroleum
               engineering consultant firm of recognized standing
               in the petroleum industry, qualified by reputation
               and experience in estimating reserves of oil and
               natural gas in subsurface reservoirs, the written
               statements (the "Certificate") of such firm
               expressing its estimate of Proved Remaining
               Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas
               Supply Area in an amount at least equal to Seller's
               Gas Supply Obligation. Seller shall provide Buyers
               with copies of each Certificate of such independent
               petroleum engineering consultant firm on which
               Seller relies in making any such commitment for
               supply of Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area.
               Seller shall also furnish all supporting
               documentation provided by such independent
               petroleum engineering consultant firm in connection
               with the issuance of such Certificate.

          (b)  If, during the term of this Contract, Seller
               obtains information which indicates unforeseen
               adverse changes in the Proved Remaining Recoverable
               Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area,
               Seller shall promptly inform Buyers of such
               situation and shall further inform Buyers of any
               measures which Seller may be required to take in
               fulfillment of its obligations under this Contract.

     3.3  Changes in Gas Supply Area and Seller's Suppliers
          If Seller designates additional areas covered by
          production sharing contracts as Gas Supply Areas, or if
          Seller includes companies other than those listed in
          Sections 1.53(a), (b), (c) and (d) as Seller's Suppliers,
          then Seller shall give Buyers prior notice thereof.

ARTICLE 4 - TRANSPORTATION AND UNLOADING

     4.1. Seller's Obligation to Provide Transportation
          (a)  Seller shall be responsible for the continuous
               transportation of the LNG to be sold and delivered
               hereunder from the Badak Facility to the Receiving
               Facilities, using the LNG Tankers. Seller, after
               consultation and agreement with Buyers, which
               agreement will not be unreasonably withheld, may,
               but shall not be obligated to, use any other vessel
               for the transportation of the LNG to be sold and
               delivered hereunder, provided that any such vessel
               is compatible with the Receiving Facilities.

          (b)  Buyers shall be entitled to participate as
               observers in the negotiations between Seller and
               Seller's Transporter and shall be entitled to
               receive all negotiation documents relative thereto,
               including all drafts of Seller's Transportation
               Arrangements and a signed copy thereof. Buyers
               shall be entitled to participate as observers in
               all meetings between Seller and Seller's
               Transporter which are related to the payments to be
               made by Buyers under Section 8.3 and to receive
               copies of reports, including audited statements,
               that Seller receives from Seller's Transporter.
               Seller shall consult with Buyers  prior to
               concluding or amending Seller's Transportation
               Arrangements or exercising any rights it may have
               thereunder that will affect amounts payable by
               Buyers under Section 8.3 and shall make all
               reasonable efforts to implement any reasonable
               requests of Buyers in connection therewith.

     4.2  LNG Tankers
          Each LNG Tanker shall have the following general
specifications:

LNG Tanker Capacity (at -163oC, 98.5% full)    :    about     19,100    Cubic
Meters
Total Deadweight on Summer Draft Extreme  :    about     11,700         metric
tons
Length Overall                         :  about     151  meters
Breadth Moulded                        :  about     28    meters
Summer Draft Extreme                   :  about     7.6   meters

     4.3  Unloading Port Facilities
          Each Buyer, at no cost to Seller, shall ensure that its
          Receiving Facilities shall be compatible with the general
          specifications of the LNG Tankers as provided in Section
          4.2 and shall at all times provide, maintain and operate,
          or cause to be provided, maintained and operated,
          facilities at such Unloading Port, including the
          following :

          (a)  Berthing facilities which the LNG Tankers can
               always safely reach, fully laden, and safely
               depart, and at which the LNG Tankers can lie safely
               berthed and discharge safely afloat at all times.

          (b)  Unloading facilities capable of receiving LNG at a
               rate which will permit the discharging of cargo
               from a fully loaded LNG Tanker within:
     
               (i)  in the case of Hiroshima Gas, eight (8) hours
                    of pumping time at a pumping rate of 2550
                    Cubic Meters per hour, such pumping rate
                    resulting from the back pressure at the
                    Delivery Point generated by the unloading
                    facilities; and

               (ii) in the case of Nippon Gas, eleven (11) hours
                    of pumping time at a pumping rate of 1900
                    Cubic Meters per hour, such pumping rate
                    resulting from the back pressure at the
                    Delivery Point generated by the unloading
                    facilities.

          (c)  A vapor return line system of sufficient capacity
               to transfer to an LNG Tanker quantities of natural
               gas necessary for the safe unloading of LNG at such
               rates, pressures and temperatures to be mutually
               agreed between Seller and Buyers. Failing such
               agreement, such rates, pressures and temperatures
               will be as required by the LNG Tanker design.

          (d)  Systems for timely provision of an LNG Tanker with
               adequate fresh water and bunker oil, if necessary.

          (e)  Facilities allowing access to an LNG Tanker from
               onshore adequate for the handling and delivery of
               ship's stores, provisions and spare parts to the
               LNG Tanker.

          (f)  Shore-based tanks and loading lines for liquid
               nitrogen adequate to service an LNG Tanker.

          (g)  LNG storage tanks of adequate capacity to receive
               and store a full cargo of LNG upon each scheduled
               arrival of an LNG Tanker.

          (h)  Appropriate systems for necessary radio, telex and
               facsimile communication with the LNG Tankers.
     
          (i)  Regasification plant.

     4.4  Unloading Port Obligations
          (a)  Each Buyer shall cooperate with Seller and Seller's
               Transporter, their agents and the master of each
               LNG Tanker directed to an Unloading Port to ensure
               the continuous and efficient delivery of LNG
               hereunder.

          Each Buyer shall provide a safe berth for prompt berthing
          of an LNG Tanker at its Receiving Facility and shall
          operate the Receiving Facility, or ensure that it is
          operated, so as to permit discharge of each cargo of the
          LNG Tankers as quickly as possible.

          During discharge of each cargo of LNG, Buyer shall return
          to the LNG Tanker natural gas in such quantities as are
          necessary for the safe unloading of the LNG at such
          rates, pressures and temperatures as may be required by
          the LNG Tanker.

          (b)  Seller shall use its best efforts to cause Seller's
               Transporter to take such actions as are reasonably
               required by Japanese authorities to evidence
               responsibility for safe operation of the LNG
               Tankers in accordance with the letter of the vessel
               operator addressed to Japanese port authorities in
               connection with permission for the LNG Tankers to
               enter into Unloading Ports ("Safety Pledge
               Letter").

               If services of tugs, fireboats and escort vessels
               suitable for the safe and efficient navigation of
               the LNG Tankers to, and berthing at, the Receiving
               Facility are not generally offered in the Unloading
               Port of such Receiving Facility, then prior to
               commencement of the first delivery of LNG by an LNG
               Tanker to such Unloading Port each Buyer undertakes
               to arrange for the offering of such services at its
               Unloading Port. Seller shall ensure that Seller's
               Transporter will arrange for such number and types
               of tugs, fireboats and escort vessels as are
               required by the Japanese authorities to attend the
               LNG Tankers so as to permit safe and efficient
               movement of the LNG Tankers within the maritime
               safety areas located in the approaches to and from
               the Unloading Ports. 

     4.5  Notices of LNG Tanker Movements and Characteristics of
LNG Cargoes.
          (a)  With respect to each cargo of LNG to be delivered
               hereunder, Seller shall give, or cause the master
               of the LNG Tanker to give, to the Buyer at the
               Receiving Facility at which such cargo is to be
               delivered, the following notices :

               (i)  A first notice which shall be sent upon the
                    departure of the LNG Tanker from the Loading
                    Port and which shall set forth the time and
                    date that loading was completed, the volume,
                    expressed in Cubic Meters, of LNG loaded on
                    board the LNG Tanker, and the estimated time
                    of arrival of the LNG Tanker at Buyer's
                    Unloading Port (the "ETA");

               (ii) A second notice which shall be sent ninety-six
                    (96) hours prior to the ETA;

               (iii)     A third notice which shall be sent forty-
                         eight (48) hours prior to the ETA;

               (iv) A fourth notice which shall be sent twenty-
                    four (24) hours prior to the ETA;

               (v)  A final notice which shall be sent five (5)
                    hours prior to the ETA; and

               (vi) A Notice of Readiness as provided in Section
                    4.6(a).

          (b)  Within thirty-six (36) hours after departure of the
               LNG Tanker from the Loading Port, Seller shall
               notify Buyer, for Buyer's information only, of the
               following characteristics of the LNG comprising its
               cargo as determined at the time of loading :

               (i)  the Gross Heating Value per unit, and

               (ii) the molecular percentage of hydrocarbon
                    components and nitrogen.

     4.6  Demurrage at Unloading Ports
          (a)  Upon arrival of the LNG Tanker at the NOR Position
               off each Unloading Port, and subject to any
               mutually agreed time restrictions, the master of
               the LNG Tanker or its agent shall give notice to
               Buyer or its agent that such LNG Tanker is ready to
               discharge LNG, berth or no berth ("Notice of
               Readiness"). A Notice of Readiness may be tendered
               on any day of the week or any hour of the day.
               Laytime used in unloading the LNG Tanker ("Used
               Laytime") shall begin to count upon the earlier of
               :

               (i)  in the case of Hiroshima, ten (10) hours from
                    Notice of Readiness and, in the case of
                    Kagoshima, four (4) hours from Notice of
                    Readiness; or

               (ii) the LNG Tanker being "all fast" in berth.

               Used Laytime shall continue to run until discharge
               and return lines have been disconnected and the LNG
               Tanker is cleared for departure.

          (b)  Laytime to be allowed at each Unloading Port at
               which the LNG Tanker discharges LNG being delivered
               hereunder ("Allowed Laytime") shall be twenty-eight
               (28) consecutive hours extended by any period of
               delay which is caused by :

               (i)  reasons attributable to Seller, the LNG Tanker
                    or its master, crew, owner or operator;

               (ii) Force Majeure; provided, however, that delays
                    resulting from the application of safety
                    regulations or similar governmental action
                    shall not be considered as an event of Force
                    Majeure for the purposes hereof; 

               (iii)     "Adverse Weather Conditions", which for
                         purposes hereof means weather and/or sea
                         conditions actually experienced at the
                         Unloading Port which are sufficiently
                         severe either: (A) to prevent the LNG
                         Tanker from proceeding to berth,
                         discharging or departing from berth in
                         accordance with the weather standards
                         prescribed in the M.S.A. standard
                         published regulations, including the
                         Safety Pledge Letters, or (B) to cause an
                         actual determination by the master that
                         it is unsafe for the LNG Tanker to berth,
                         discharge or depart from berth. The
                         period of delay to the LNG Tanker caused
                         by Adverse Weather Conditions shall not
                         be considered to extend past the time
                         during which such Adverse Weather
                         Conditions actually prevailed, except
                         where additional delay is caused by the
                         occupation of the berth by another LNG
                         Tanker; or

               (iv) "Night Navigation or Berthing Restrictions",
                    which for purposes hereof means governmental
                    restrictions which prevent the LNG Tanker (A)
                    having arrived at the NOR Position or within
                    the vicinity of the Unloading Port, from
                    proceeding to berth; or (B) from departing
                    from the berth .

          (c)  In the event Used Laytime exceeds Allowed  Laytime
               in unloading an LNG Tanker, Buyer shall pay to
               Seller, or for Seller's account if so directed by
               Seller, demurrage at the daily rate (which shall be
               prorated for a portion of a day) determined in
               accordance with the following :

          Demurrage rate =      TCy   
                                 N
          Where  :  TCy  =    the total amount estimated to be
                              payable to Seller's Transporter in
                              relation to the LNG Tanker for the
                              Fixed Quantity Period in which the
                              demurrage occurs, as determined
                              under Section 8.3 ; and

          N    =    the number of days in the Fixed Quantity
                    Period during which the LNG Tanker is in
                    service.

     (d)  Seller shall invoice Buyer for amounts due under this
          Section 4.6 and Buyer shall pay such invoice in
          accordance with the terms of Section 10.3.

     4.7. Effect of Unloading Port Delays; Excess Boil-Off
          (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11.1, if
               the Gross Heating Value of LNG to be delivered
               hereunder is higher than the limits set forth in
               Section 11.1 by reason of boil-off occurring during
               a delay in unloading an LNG Tanker of more than
               forty-eight (48) hours after Notice of Readiness
               has been given, such LNG shall be deemed to have
               met the quality specifications of this Contract
               regarding Gross Heating Value.

          (b)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
               commencement of unloading, for reasons that would
               not result in an extension of Allowed Laytime under
               Section 4.6(b), and if, as a result thereof, the
               commencement of unloading is delayed beyond thirty
               (30) hours after Notice of Readiness has been
               given, then for each full hour by which
               commencement of unloading is delayed beyond such
               thirty-hour period, Buyer shall pay Seller an
               amount, on account of excess boil-off, equal to the
               Contract Sales Price multiplied by the number of
               MMBTUs per hour by which such boil-off reduces the
               aggregate number of BTUs of a full cargo at berth.
               The hourly BTU reduction rate to be applied for
               such purpose shall be determined by actual boil-off
               experience as determined at appropriate intervals.

     4.8. Non-Utilization Cost
          (a)  If there is an event of Force Majeure affecting a
               Buyer or Buyers which results in any LNG Tanker
               being less than fully utilized, then the Buyer or
               Buyers so affected shall pay to Seller, or for
               Seller's account if so directed by Seller, on
               account of such non-utilization an amount at the
               daily rate determined in accordance with the
               following :

            Non-Utilization rate    =       TCy  -  VCy  
                                           N  

     Where  :  TCy  =    the total amount estimated to
                                be payable to Seller's
                                Transporter in relation to the
                                LNG Tanker for the Fixed
                                Quantity Period in which the
                                non-utilization occurs, as
                                determined under Section 8.3 ;

          VCy  =    the total amount estimated to
                                be payable to Seller's
                                Transporter for fuel costs and
                                port charges in relation to the
                                LNG Tanker for the Fixed
                                Quantity Period in which the
                                non-utilization occurs; and

          N    =    the number of days in the Fixed
                                Quantity Period during which
                                the LNG Tanker is in service.
                                
Such amount is hereinafter called the "Non-Utilization
Cost".

          (b)  Notwithstanding the above, the Non-Utilization Cost
               payable by the affected Buyer or Buyers in the
               event of laying up of an LNG Tanker shall be an
               amount equal to the amount payable by Seller to
               Seller's Transporter with respect to such lay up
               period. If there is an event or events of Force
               Majeure which affects both Buyers which results in
               the laying up of an LNG Tanker, such payment shall
               be apportioned among and paid by each Buyer in the
               respective proportion that each Buyer's Fixed
               Quantity bears to the aggregate of the Fixed
               Quantities of Buyers for the Fixed Quantity Period
               in which the non-utilization occurs.

          (c)  If there is an event or events of Force Majeure
               which simultaneously affect one or both Buyers and
               the Other Buyer, the total of the payments due
               under Sections 4.8(a) or (b) and the comparable
               sections of the Other Buyer Contract shall not
               exceed the amount due hereunder, and such total
               shall be allocated among those Buyers experiencing
               the event of Force Majeure and the Other Buyer in
               accordance to the proportion the Fixed Quantities
               of each of such Buyers and Other Buyer bears to the
               aggregate of the Fixed Quantities of such Buyers
               and Other Buyer for the applicable Fixed Quantity
               Period in which the non-utilization occurs.

          (d)  Any Non-Utilization Cost payable hereunder shall be
               reduced to the extent that the LNG Tanker is
               utilized to deliver LNG which would otherwise have
               been purchased and received by the Buyer or Buyers
               affected by the event of Force Majeure to the Buyer
               not affected by the event of Force Majeure, Other
               Buyer, or a third party.

          (e)  Any Non-Utilization Cost shall not include any
               amount which becomes payable :
               (i)  as the result of an event or circumstance of
                    Force Majeure affecting Seller;
               (ii) as the result of Seller's breach of its
                    obligations under this Contract; or
               (iii)     by reason of non-utilization of the LNG
                         Tanker caused by the fault or negligence
                         of such LNG Tanker or Seller's
                         Transporter, including, but not limited
                         to, the failure of Seller's Transporter
                         to satisfy Japanese authorities in
                         connection with permission for the LNG
                         Tanker to enter into Unloading Ports as
                         required pursuant to Section 4.4(b).

          (f)  In connection with each payment due under this
               Section 4.8, Seller shall furnish to Buyer such
               available accounting and other data as may
               reasonably be required by Buyer to establish the
               basis upon which and the manner in which the amount
               of such payment is calculated. Seller shall invoice
               Buyer for amounts due under this Section 4.8
               periodically and Buyer shall pay such invoice in
               accordance with the terms of Section 10.3.

ARTICLE 5 - ONSHORE FACILITIES

5.1  Receiving Facilities
     Buyers will construct LNG receiving terminal facilities at the
     Unloading Ports including, without limitation, berthing and
     unloading facilities, LNG storage tanks, vessel services
     facilities and regasification plants (the "Receiving
     Facilities").

5.2  Badak Facility
     Seller has heretofore constructed or will construct and/or
     modify at Bontang, East Kalimantan, liquefaction plant
     facilities to be used by Seller, including, without
     limitation, gas transmission pipelines, processing facilities,
     storage tanks, utilities, berthing and loading facilities (the
     "Badak Facility").

ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

     This Contract shall come into force and effect as of and from
the date hereof and shall continue in effect until the expiration
of the parties' respective obligations to sell and purchase LNG as
provided in Article 7 or the earlier termination of this Contract
pursuant to Sections 10.5 or 10.6 or Article 26. If Seller and
either Buyer or Buyers so agree at least five (5) years before the
time this Contract would otherwise expire, the term of this
Contract as to such Buyer or Buyers may be extended on such terms
and conditions as may be mutually agreed.

ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

7.1  Fixed Quantities
     During each calendar year or portion thereof specified below
     (each such period being called a "Fixed Quantity Period"),
     Seller shall sell and deliver to each Buyer, and each Buyer
     shall purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for if not taken,
     at the Contract Sales Price, a quantity of LNG having a
     heating value as specified for such Buyer for such Fixed
     Quantity Period (each such quantity being called a "Fixed
     Quantity") as follows:
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Calendar    Fixed Quantity Fixed Quantities for Each Buyer      Total Fixed
Year          Period          (Billions of BTUs)            Quantities
                                                         (Billions of BTUs)

                        Hiroshima Gas            Nippon Gas

   <S>      <C>            <C>                  <C>            <C>
     1996   Mar-Dec 1996    2,109                1,688         3,797
     1997   Full Year       2,109                2,531         4,640
     1998    "      "       2,953                2,109         5,062
     1999    "      "       4,219                2,531         6,750
     2000    "      "       5,906                2,531         8,437
     2001    "      "       7,594                2,109         9,703
     2002    "      "       8,438                2,531        10,969
     2003    "      "       8,438                2,953        11,391
     2004    "      "       8,859                2,531        11,390
     2005    "      "       9,281                2,953        12,234
     2006    "      "       9,281                2,953        12,234
     2007    "      "       9,281                2,953        12,234
     2008    "      "       9,703                3,375        13,078
     2009    "      "       9,703                3,375        13,078
     2010    "      "      10,125                3,375        13,500
     2011    "      "      10,125                3,375        13,500
     2012    "      "      10,125                3,797        13,922
     2013    "      "      10,547                4,219        14,766
     2014    "      "      10,547                3,797        14,344
     2015    "      "      10,969                4,219        15,188
     </TABLE>
       
          The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment as
          provided in Sections 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.6 (a)(i) and 7.6
          (a)(iii). After giving effect to any such adjustment, the term
          "Fixed Quantity" shall mean the applicable Fixed Quantity as
          so adjusted, and the respective obligations of Seller to sell
          and deliver, and each Buyer to purchase, receive and pay for,
          or pay for if not taken, Fixed Quantities of LNG in any Fixed
          Quantity Period, shall apply to the applicable Fixed
          Quantities as so adjusted. Any adjustment to the Fixed
          Quantity of a Buyer pursuant to Section 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 shall
          be effected by delivery to Seller of a notice ("Fixed Quantity
          Notice") which shall be given jointly and signed by both
          Buyers and shall specify for each Buyer the change (if any) in
          its Fixed Quantity for the relevant Fixed Quantity Period or
          Periods. Any such notice shall be effective and irrevocable
          upon Seller's receipt thereof, and the Fixed Quantity of each
          Buyer thereafter shall, subject to any subsequent adjustments,
          be the Fixed Quantity set forth in the Fixed Quantity Notice.

7.2. Permanent Increase in Fixed Quantities
          (a)  The Fixed Quantities set forth in Section 7.1 may be
increased by Buyers for the remainder of the contract term at the
time of making an Annual Program until the sum of Fixed Quantities
of Buyers is equal to (and does not exceed) 8,437 Billion BTUs in
respect of the Fixed Quantity Period 1996; 10,125 Billion BTUs in
respect of the Fixed Quantity Periods 1997 to 1999; 15,188 Billion
BTUs in respect of the Fixed Quantity Period 2000; and 20,250
Billion BTUs in respect of the Fixed Quantity Periods 2001 to 2015.

          (b)  The Fixed Quantities set forth in Section 7.1 are
based on the assumption that the first Fixed Quantity Period will
commence in March 1996 and that the second LNG Tanker will enter
service on July 1, 2000. Prior to December 31, 1992, Buyers may
adjust, by giving written notice to Seller, the March 1996 month of
the first delivery (the "Initial Delivery Month") by postponing
such month to a calendar month not later than June 1996.
Thereafter, Buyers shall have the right to further adjust the
Initial Delivery Month if and to the extent permitted by Seller's
Transportation Arrangements by giving written notice to Seller as
follows :
          
                                 (i)  Not later than March 1, 1995, Buyers may
  adjust the Initial Delivery Month then in effect, by
  postponing such month to a calendar month not later than
  June 1996.
  
             (ii) Not later than one hundred eighty (180)
  days prior to the beginning of the Initial Delivery Month
  then in effect, Buyers may adjust such month by postponing
  such month to a calendar month not later than June 1996.
  
             (iii)     Not later than ninety (90) days prior
  to the beginning of the Initial Delivery Month then in
  effect, Buyers may designate a period of twenty (20) days
  for the first delivery, such period to begin not earlier
  than the first day of such Initial Delivery Month and end
  not later than June 30, 1996.

                            The foregoing adjustments by Buyers, if any, shall
  also adjust the date of commencement of the first Fixed
  Quantity Period.
  
        In addition, Seller and Buyers may, not later than
  December 31, 1996, agree on an adjusted date in calendar year
  2000 for introduction of the second LNG Tanker. Thereafter,
  Buyers shall have the right to further adjust the calendar
  year 2000 date if and to the extent permitted by Seller's
  Transportation Arrangements by giving written notice to Seller
  as follows:
  
             (i)  Not later than three hundred sixty (360)
  days prior to the date of introduction then in effect,
  Buyers may adjust such date to a date in calendar year 2000
  which is not more than three (3) months earlier or later
  than such date of introduction.
  
             (ii) Not later than one hundred eighty (180)
  days prior to the date of introduction then in effect,
  Buyers may adjust such date to a date in calendar year 2000
  which is not more than one (1) month earlier or later than
  such date of introduction.
  
             (iii)     Not later than ninety (90) days prior
  to the date of introduction then in effect, Buyers may
  adjust such date to a date in calendar year 2000 which is
  not more than ten (10) days earlier or later than such date
  of introduction.
     
                       Seller shall as far as practicable arrange with
  Seller's Transporter to permit the above adjustments of the
  Initial Delivery Month and adjustments in the date of
  introduction of the second LNG Tanker at no or a minimal
  additional cost. However, any additional costs incurred by
  Seller as a result of the exercise of any such rights shall be
  reimbursed by Buyers.
  
        After the date of commencement of the first Fixed
  Quantity Period has been finally determined, Seller and Buyers
  shall agree upon adjustments to the Fixed Quantities for 1996.
  If there has been any adjustment in the date on which the
  second LNG Tanker will be introduced, Seller and Buyers shall
  agree upon adjustments to the Fixed Quantities and the limit
  specified in Section 7.2(a) for the Fixed Quantity Period for
  calendar year 2000 as are necessary.
  
   7.3. Annual Adjustment to Fixed Quantities
        (a)  At the time of  making the Annual Program for the
  next Fixed Quantity Period (and in no event later than October
  15 of the year prior to such Fixed Quantity Period), each
  Buyer may, subject to Section 7.3(d), request adjustment of
  the Fixed Quantity for that Fixed Quantity Period, provided
  that the sum of Buyers' Fixed Quantities shall not exceed the
  limits specified in Section 7.2(a) for such Fixed Quantity
  Period. Upon such Buyer's request, adjustment shall be made to
  the Fixed Quantity pursuant to Sections 7.3(b) and (c) below.
  The Fixed Quantity of such Buyer as so adjusted shall become
  the Fixed Quantity for such Buyer for the applicable Fixed
  Quantity Period. If a Buyer does not make a request for
  adjustment, then the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer shall be
  that Fixed Quantity determined pursuant to Sections 7.1 and
  7.2.
  
        (b)  If a Buyer requests upward adjustment of the
  Fixed Quantity pursuant to Section 7.3(a), Seller shall sell
  and deliver additional quantities of LNG to such Buyer as
  requested and shall reduce by a like amount the quantities of
  LNG to be sold and delivered by Seller to Other Buyer
  utilizing the LNG Tankers under the Other Buyer Contract.
  
        (c)  If a Buyer requests downward adjustment of the
  Fixed Quantity pursuant to Section 7.3(a), Seller shall reduce
  the quantities of LNG sold and delivered to such Buyer as
  requested and shall increase by a like amount the quantities
  of LNG to be sold and delivered by Seller to Other Buyer
  utilizing the LNG Tankers under the Other Buyer Contract.
  
        (d)  In no event shall the aggregate of Buyers'
  requests for downward adjustments pursuant to this Section 7.3
  exceed 2953 Billion BTUs (equivalent to seven (7) Full Cargo
  Lots) in any Fixed Quantity Period.
  
   7.4  Adjustment to Fixed Quantities at Time of Ninety-Day
  Schedules
        At the time of Seller's preparation of each Ninety-
  Day Schedule, each Buyer may (subject to the applicable
  limitation contained in Section 7.2(a)) increase or (subject
  to the limitation contained in Section 7.3(d)) reduce its
  Fixed Quantity for the then current Fixed Quantity Period,
  provided that the other Buyer and Other Buyer agree to such
  revision, and provided further that Buyers shall exercise
  their rights hereunder in a manner that will not materially
  disrupt the shipping schedules at the Badak Facility.
  
   7.5  Single Port Cargoes; Reallocation of Cargoes; Rate
  of Deliveries
        (a)  All deliveries of LNG by Seller and receipt
  thereof by a Buyer shall be made in Full Cargo Lots and,
  except as hereinafter provided, each LNG Tanker cargo shall
  be unloaded at a single Receiving Facility in Japan.
  
        (b)  Each Buyer, upon reasonable advance notice to
  Seller, may reallocate all (or part, in case of an
  emergency) of an LNG Tanker cargo from one Buyer to another
  Buyer.
  
        In case of such reallocation, the ownership of such
  cargo or part thereof shall be transferred directly from
  Seller to the new Buyer in place of the original Buyer, but
  the respective Fixed Quantities of the Buyers concerned
  shall not be changed and the cargo in question shall be
  deemed to be received by the original Buyer in connection
  with its take-or-pay obligations provided for in Section
  7.6.
  
        Each such reallocation shall be documented in a form
  to be established by Seller and Buyers, executed by the
  original Buyer and the Buyer which will actually receive the
  cargo, which document will provide that the receiving Buyer
  will assume and be responsible to Seller for performance of
  the obligations of the original Buyer in respect of such
  cargo, and that such cargo is deemed to be taken by the
  original Buyer in connection with its take-or-pay
  obligations provided for in Section 7.6.
  
        Buyers will exercise the right to reallocate cargoes
  in a manner that will not materially disrupt the shipping
  schedules at the Badak Facility.
  
        In the case of reallocation of a part cargo pursuant
  hereto, any additional costs incurred by Seller thereby
  shall be paid for by Buyers.  Seller shall invoice the new
  Buyer for amounts due under this Section 7.5, and the new
  Buyer shall pay such invoice in accordance with the terms of
  Section 10.3.
  
        (c)  Within each Fixed Quantity Period the
  quantities to be delivered by Seller and received by Buyers
  at the Receiving Facilities, together with the quantities to
  be delivered by Seller and received by Other Buyer, shall be
  delivered and received at rates and intervals which are
  reasonably constant over the course of such Fixed Quantity
  Period, after taking into account all commitments of the
  Badak Facility and taking into consideration the drydocking,
  maintenance, downtime, and other matters referred to in
  Article 12, so as to assure, as nearly as practicable,
  continuous full utilization of the LNG Tankers and an even
  production rate at the Badak Facility.
  
   7.6  Quantity Deficiency
        (a)  If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, a Buyer
  should fail to take the full Fixed Quantity applicable
  thereto, such Buyer shall pay Seller, at the Contract Sales
  Price in effect as of the last day of such Fixed Quantity
  Period, for the quantities of LNG required to be purchased
  but which were not taken by such Buyer during such Fixed
  Quantity Period (any such quantities being called a
  "Quantity Deficiency"), subject, however, to paragraphs (b)
  and (c) below and the following:
  
             (i)  If, after taking into account all
  adjustments provided for in Sections 7.6(b) and (c), the
  Quantity Deficiency of a Buyer at the end of any Fixed
  Quantity Period amounts to less than one Full Cargo Lot, the
  amount of such Quantity Deficiency shall be carried forward
  and added to the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for the next
  succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.
  
             (ii) If, at the time each Annual Program is
  developed, the Quantity Deficiency of a Buyer for the
  applicable year is estimated to amount to less than a Full
  Cargo Lot, such Buyer shall have the right to request an
  increase in the quantities which such Buyer wishes to take
  in such year in an amount sufficient to fill out such cargo
  (such right being herein referred to as a "Round-Up
  Request"). Any such Round-Up Request shall not, however,
  increase the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer. If Buyer does not
  make a Round-Up Request, or if Seller does not accept such
  Round-Up Request, the non-delivery of the partial cargo of
  Fixed Quantity shall not constitute a failure of Seller to
  make LNG available for sale for the purpose of paragraph (b)
  below.
  
             (iii)     If, at the end of any Fixed Quantity
  Period, a Buyer has purchased and received quantities of LNG
  hereunder in excess of the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for
  such Fixed Quantity Period other than Make-Up LNG or
  Restoration Quantities, the excess shall be applicable to
  reduce the Fixed Quantity of such Buyer for the next
  succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.
  
        (b)  The obligation (set forth in paragraph (a)
  above) of each Buyer with regard to any Fixed Quantity
  Period to pay for its Fixed Quantity to the extent not taken
  shall be reduced by the quantity of LNG which such Buyer was
  unable to purchase because of an event of Force Majeure
  affecting either Seller or such Buyer or because of Seller's
  failure for any other reason to make such quantity available
  for sale in accordance with this Contract.
  
        (c)  In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by
  Seller and purchased by a Buyer for each Fixed Quantity
  Period, quantities delivered and purchased within the first
  seven (7) days of the next following Fixed Quantity Period
  shall be included, provided such quantities were scheduled
  in the Annual Program for the Fixed Quantity Period with
  respect to which the calculation is being made.
  
   7.7  Allocation of Deliveries Between Buyers and Other
  Purchasers
        (a)  Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller under this
  Contract must be reduced by reason of Force Majeure
  affecting Seller's ability to produce or load LNG from the
  Badak Facility, an allocation of quantities then available
  for sale at the Badak Facility will be made between Buyers
  and other purchasers of LNG from the Badak Facility. At such
  times the total quantities available for sale from the Badak
  Facility shall be allocated among the purchasers therefrom
  (including the Buyers) pro rata in the ratio of their
  respective quantities which are eligible for allocation as
  provided below. The quantities eligible for such allocation
  shall, as to Buyers, be the Fixed Quantities to be purchased
  hereunder during the period of such Force Majeure and, as to
  other purchasers, be those fixed or contract quantities of
  LNG which are committed for sale from the Badak Facility
  during the period of such Force Majeure in satisfaction of
  Seller's contracts with other purchasers which provide for
  sales of LNG over a term of at least fifteen (15) years.
  
        (b)  If such Force Majeure does not preclude full
  production and loading of all Fixed Quantities under the
  allocation formula described in paragraph (a) above but is
  of such an extent as to prevent Seller from producing and
  loading all Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities scheduled
  for delivery from the Badak Facility to Buyers and
  equivalent quantities (including quantities required to make
  good any exercise of an allowance) scheduled for delivery
  from the Badak Facility to other purchasers under LNG sales
  contracts which provide for sales over a term of at least
  fifteen (15) years, quantities of such LNG as are available
  shall be allocated between Buyers and such other purchasers
  in proportion to the respective quantities so scheduled.
  
   7.8  Make-Up LNG
        If pursuant to Section 7.6(a) a Buyer shall have
  paid for any quantity of LNG which was not taken by such
  Buyer ("Take-or-Pay Quantity"), then in any subsequent year
  the said Buyer may purchase up to an equal quantity of LNG
  from Seller as make-up LNG ("Make-Up LNG") to the extent not
  previously made up. A Buyer may request Make-Up LNG by
  giving written notice to Seller as provided in Section 12.1.
  If, during any year for which Make-Up LNG has been
  requested,
     
                            (i)  Seller has uncommitted quantities of LNG
  available for such purposes,
  
        (ii) Seller has available LNG Tanker capacity which
  may be used to transport such Make-Up LNG, and
  
        (iii)     such Buyer shall have first taken and paid
  for its Fixed Quantity for such year,
     
                   then Seller shall sell to such Buyer the quantity of Make-Up
  LNG requested.
  
        A Buyer's right to purchase Make-Up LNG under this
  Section 7.8 shall expire twelve (12) months after the end of
  the last Fixed Quantity Period, unless such Buyer shall have
  requested Make-Up LNG during the preceding twelve (12)
  months and the Make-Up LNG requested shall not have been
  delivered to such Buyer. In such circumstance, the parties
  shall consult and agree upon a deferred schedule for Buyer
  to take delivery of any outstanding balance of Take-or-Pay
  Quantity.
  
        Each Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG at the Contract
  Sales Price in effect as of the date of delivery, reduced by
  the amount previously paid on account of the Take-or-Pay
  Quantity, or the part thereof, being made up by such sale.
  Take-or-Pay Quantities shall be made up, and prior payments
  applicable thereto applied, in the same chronological order
  in which such quantities accrued.
  
   7.9  Force Majeure Deficiency
        (a)  If during any Fixed Quantity Period or Fixed
  Quantity Periods all or any portion of the Fixed Quantity of
  LNG required to be taken by a Buyer therein is not delivered
  by Seller or taken by such Buyer by reason of Force Majeure
  (any such quantity not taken for such reason being called a
  "Force Majeure Deficiency"), Seller and the Buyer or Buyers
  concerned shall each make best efforts to restore the Force
  Majeure Deficiency in full by Seller selling and the Buyer
  or Buyers purchasing such quantities of LNG prior to the
  expiration of the last Fixed Quantity Period. The
  restoration quantities so agreed ("Restoration Quantities")
  will be scheduled for delivery pursuant to Article 12 at the
  mutual convenience of the parties. Such Restoration
  Quantities shall be subordinate to Make-Up LNG requested
  pursuant to Section 7.8.
  
        (b)  If an event of Force Majeure prevents or delays
  the performance by any Buyer of its obligations under this
  Contract and causes a reduction in deliveries of LNG, and
  Seller sells to third parties quantities of LNG which Buyers
  are unable to purchase, then the Force Majeure Deficiency
  shall be reduced by the amount, if any, that the Seller's
  Gas Supply Obligation (including amounts so sold to third
  parties) exceeds the estimate of Proved Remaining
  Recoverable Reserves stated in the most recent Certificate
  as a result of such sales. 
  
        (c)  A Buyer's obligation to restore a Force Majeure
  Deficiency shall be reduced to the extent that the Fixed
  Quantity of such Buyer is taken and paid for by Other Buyer.
  
   7.10 Allocation of Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities
        Whenever Make-Up LNG is requested under Section 7.8
  and/or Restoration Quantities are requested under Section
  7.9(a) by a Buyer or Buyers, and quantities are requested
  for similar purposes (including quantities required to make
  good any exercise of an allowance) by other purchasers from
  the Badak Facility, and uncommitted quantities of LNG are
  not available from the Badak Facility to meet all such
  requests, then the quantities of LNG which are available
  from the Badak Facility for such purposes shall be
  allocated, as between such Buyer or Buyers on the one hand
  and such other purchasers on the other hand, based on the
  proportion of the fixed or contract quantities of each
  requesting purchaser (including such Buyer or Buyers) to the
  total of the fixed or contract quantities of all of the
  requesting purchasers.
  
    <PAGE>
   7.11 Additional Quantities
        If at the time of making the Annual Program for the
  next Fixed Quantity Period Seller anticipates, on a
  reasonable basis, that the actual capacity of the LNG
  Tankers will exceed the sum of Fixed Quantities, Make-Up
  LNG, Restoration Quantities, and quantities for which a
  Round-Up Request has been accepted, of Buyers and Other
  Buyer in the next Fixed Quantity Period, then (provided
  Seller has uncommitted production capacity available) Seller
  shall offer to Buyers additional quantities of LNG
  ("Additional Quantities") to the extent of such excess
  capacity anticipated at the time of making the Annual
  Program for such Fixed Quantity Period. To the extent that
  Seller's offer is  accepted by a Buyer or Buyers at the time
  of making such Annual Program, Seller shall sell and
  deliver, and such Buyer or Buyers shall purchase and
  receive, as Fixed Quantities hereunder, such Additional
  Quantities during the Fixed Quantity Period to which such
  Annual Program relates upon the terms and conditions herein
  contained.  Buyers and Other Buyer shall coordinate their
  requests for Additional Quantities under this Contract and
  for quantities under Section 7.11 of the Other Buyer
  Contract so that the sum of such requests for such
  quantities shall not exceed the Additional Quantities
  available for delivery. Additional Quantities shall be
  subject to adjustment in accordance with Sections 7.3(c) and
  7.4.
  
        Notwithstanding the above, Seller shall not be
  responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever incurred to or
  by a Buyer as a result of Seller's inability to transport
  the Additional Quantities to such Buyer. 
  
  ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE
  
   8.1  Contract Sales Price
        The contract sales price ("Contract Sales Price")
  applicable to the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered
  at the Delivery Point and to any quantities of LNG required
  to be taken but which are not taken and are required to be
  paid for by a Buyer under this Contract, expressed in United
  States Dollars per million British Thermal Units
  (U.S.$/MMBTU), shall comprise a transportation element
  ("Transportation Element") and an LNG element ("LNG
  Element") and shall be determined in accordance with the
  following provisions of this Article 8.
  
        The Transportation Element and the LNG Element are
  subject to adjustment from time to time according to the
  following provisions of this Article 8, and the sum thereof
  as adjusted and in effect at any time shall be the Contract
  Sales Price which is in effect hereunder at such time. The
  Contract Sales Price to be applied to the BTUs comprising
  each cargo shall be that Contract Sales Price in effect as
  of the date of completion of unloading of such cargo.
  
   8.2  LNG Element
        (a)  The LNG Element included in the Contract Sales
  Price, as adjusted from time to time, shall be determined
  according to the following formula:
  
             LEx  =    A x I
  
        where :
  
             LEx  =    the adjusted LNG element, expressed
  in U.S.$/MMBTU;
  
             A    =    0.156;
  
             I    =    the arithmetic average of the
  realized export prices in U.S. Dollars per barrel, f.o.b.
  Indonesia, of all field classifications of Indonesian crude
  oils then being sold and exported, except premiums and
  except such prices for spot sales.
  
        (b)  A redetermination of "I" in the formula in
  Section 8.2(a) shall be made as of each effective date on
  which either :
  
                  (i)  the realized export prices (except
  premiums and except prices for spot sales) of more than one
  of the field classifications of Indonesian crude oils then
  being sold and exported shall have changed from the
  respective prices therefor included in the last preceding
  determination of "I" pursuant to this Section 8.2(b), or
  
                  (ii) two or more field classifications of
  such crude oils shall have been added to or deleted from the
  field classifications of crude oils being exported from
  Indonesia since the date of the last preceding determination
  of "I" made pursuant to this Section 8.2(b).
  
        The export price and classification data required to
  make the above determination shall be verified by the
  Ministry of Mines and Energy of the Republic of Indonesia.
  
   8.3  Transportation Element
        The Transportation Element included in the Contract
  Sales Price as adjusted from time to time shall be
  calculated initially, and adjusted from time to time, in
  accordance with the formula set forth below.
  
        Annually, effective as of January 1 of each year
  during the term of this Contract, the Transportation Element
  shall be calculated in accordance with the following
  formula:
  
               TEx  =    TC    -    D
                         FQ
  
  
        where :
  
   
             TEx  =    the adjusted Transportation Element,
  expressed in U.S.$/MMBTU;
  
             TC   =    TC1  +   TC2 ;
  
            where  :  TC1  =    in respect of the first
                                     LNG Tanker, the estimate
                                     of the total
                                     transportation costs
                                     payable to Seller's
                                     Transporter under
                                     Seller's Transportation
                                     Arrangements for the
                                     applicable Fixed Quantity
                                     Period, expressed in U.S.
                                     Dollars;

          TC2  =    in respect of the second
                                     LNG Tanker, the estimate
                                     of the total
                                     transportation costs 
                                     payable to Seller's
                                     Transporter under
                                     Seller's Transportation
                                     Arrangements for the
                                     applicable Fixed Quantity
                                     Period, expressed in U.S.
                                     Dollars;
                                       
             FQ   =    the aggregate of the Fixed Quantities
  of Buyers and Other Buyer (and any quantities purchased
  pursuant to a Round-Up Request by Buyers and/or Other Buyer
  accepted by Seller) as reflected in the Annual Program for
  the applicable Fixed Quantity Period, expressed in MMBTUs;
  
             D    =    U.S.$ 0.15 /MMBTU.
  
  
        In connection with each annual adjustment of the
  Transportation Element, Seller shall furnish to Buyers such
  available estimates, accounting and other data as may
  reasonably be required by Buyers to establish the basis upon
  which and the manner in which such adjustment is calculated.
  Seller shall permit Buyers to review the reasonableness of
  the current year estimated Operating Cost Component and
  prior year results in conjunction with Seller's review as
  provided for in Seller's Transportation Arrangements, shall
  use its best efforts to provide Buyers full access to
  periodic review procedures of Seller's Transporter's
  operation established thereunder, and, in consultation and
  agreement with Buyers, shall appoint independent auditors to
  audit the Operating Cost Component pursuant thereto for the
  immediately preceding Fixed Quantity Period. Seller,
  independently, or at Buyers' request, shall challenge the
  inclusion of any unreasonable or unjustified item or amount
  that affects the hire rate under Seller's Transportation
  Arrangements.
  
   8.4  Annual Reconciliation of Transportation Costs
        After receipt of the report of the independent
  auditors referred to in Section 8.3 and discussions between
  Seller, Buyers and Other Buyer (provided that no party shall
  unreasonably challenge the conclusions of such independent
  audit) Buyers and Other Buyer will pay to Seller (or Seller
  will pay to Buyers and Other Buyer as the case may be) the
  difference between:
  
        (i)  the total transportation costs paid by Seller
  to Seller's Transporter in respect of the immediately
  preceding Fixed Quantity Period, and
  
        (ii) the sum of all transportation - related costs
  paid by Buyers and Other Buyer to Seller in respect of the
  immediately preceding Fixed Quantity Period, and the amount
  attributable to D for such Fixed Quantity Period. This
  amount is herein referred to as the "Actual Amount", and
  will be calculated in accordance with the following formula:
  
   Actual Amount  =  (TEx x FQx) + (D x FQx) + NC +
  0.35(DEM)
  
        where :
             FQx  =    in respect of Buyers and Other 
  Buyer, the quantities delivered during the applicable Fixed
  Quantity Period together with any Quantity Deficiency for
  such period;
  
             NC   =    the total amount, in U.S. Dollars, of
  Non-Utilization Costs, if any, paid by Buyers or Other Buyer
  during the applicable Fixed Quantity Period;
  
             DEM  =    the total amount, in U.S. Dollars, of
  demurrage payments, if any, paid by Buyers or Other Buyer
  during the Fixed Quantity Period.
  
  Such payment will be payable by or paid to Buyers and Other
  Buyer in proportion to Buyers' and Other Buyer's Fixed
  Quantities (and any quantities purchased pursuant to a
  Round-Up Request by such Buyers and/or Other Buyer accepted
  by Seller) during the immediately preceding Fixed Quantity
  Period.
  
        Seller shall invoice Buyers, or Buyers shall invoice
  Seller, for amounts due under this Section 8.4, and Buyers
  or Seller (as the case may be) shall pay such invoice no
  later than twenty (20) calendar days after the date of
  receipt thereof.
  
   8.5  Second LNG Tanker
        (a)  At any time prior to July 1, 1996, Buyers and
  Other Buyer may bring to the attention of Seller the
  availability of an LNG tanker and Seller shall give
  consideration to same. Buyers and Other Buyer, after having
  participated as observers in the negotiations between Seller
  and Seller's Transporter in relation to the second LNG
  Tanker, shall jointly accept in writing the cost of
  transportation relating to the second LNG Tanker, as shown
  in the agreement which Seller proposes as Seller's
  Transportation Arrangements. Such acceptance in writing from
  Buyers and Other Buyer shall be given within twenty-one (21)
  days after Buyers and Other Buyer have received a copy of
  the agreement which Seller proposes as Seller's
  Transportation Arrangements. Upon receipt by Seller of such
  written acceptance, the adjusted Transportation Element
  applicable to the quantities of LNG to be delivered on the
  LNG Tankers for the applicable Fixed Quantity Period shall
  be calculated by including the costs payable to Seller's
  Transporter for the second LNG Tanker in the calculation of
  TC under Section 8.3, commencing with the Fixed Quantity
  Period the second LNG Tanker delivers its first cargo
  hereunder.
  
        (b)  If Buyers and Other Buyer do not jointly accept
  the cost of transportation relative to such second LNG
  Tanker, then Seller, Buyers, and Other Buyer shall meet to
  discuss the availability of alternative methods of
  transporting the quantities of LNG which would have been
  carried by the second LNG Tanker. If agreement on an
  alternative is not reached within six (6) months of Seller's
  presentation of its proposed Seller's Transportation
  Arrangements, this Contract shall ipso facto be deemed
  amended to reflect the non-introduction of the second LNG
  Tanker and the reduction in the Fixed Quantities of Buyers
  and Other Buyer resulting therefrom, such that the aggregate
  of the Fixed Quantities of Buyers and Other Buyer do not
  exceed a maximum of 10,125 Billion BTUs for all subsequent
  Fixed Quantity Periods.
  
  ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE
        
   The LNG to be sold by Seller and purchased by each Buyer
  hereunder shall be delivered to such Buyer into its Receiving
  Facility at an Unloading Port. Delivery shall be deemed
  completed and title and risk of loss shall pass from Seller to
  such Buyer as the LNG passes the Delivery Point.
  
  ARTICLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENT
     
          10.1 Cargo Invoices and Documents
                  Promptly after completion of each unloading of an LNG
  Tanker, Seller, or its representative, shall furnish to the
  receiving Buyer, or Buyers' Representative, a certificate of
  volume unloaded together with such other documents concerning
  the cargo as may be reasonably requested by Buyers for the
  purpose of Japanese customs clearance.
  
        As soon as possible but not later than forty-eight
  (48) hours after completion of unloading, the receiving Buyer
  shall complete a laboratory analysis to determine the quality
  and BTU content of the LNG and furnish to Seller, or to its
  representative, a certificate with respect thereto.
  
        Promptly upon completion of such analysis, Seller, or
  its representative, shall furnish by telex or telegram to the
  receiving Buyer an invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars, in the
  amount of the Contract Sales Price for the number of BTUs sold
  and delivered. At the same time, Seller shall send the
  receiving Buyer a signed copy of the invoice and relevant
  documents showing the basis for the calculation thereof.
  
        If the receiving Buyer has not completed the above
  mentioned quality and BTU analysis within the forty-eight-hour
  period mentioned above, Seller may furnish a provisional
  commercial invoice based upon the typical BTU content and
  typical mole composition analysis of LNG then being delivered
  to Buyer, and such provisional invoice shall be payable on the
  due date specified in Section 10.3 subject only to any later
  adjusting payment which may be called for when the aforesaid
  analysis has been completed.
  
     10.2 Other Invoices
                  In the event that any moneys are due from either Buyer
  to Seller, including, without limitation, amounts payable
  pursuant to Sections 4.6, 4.7(b), 4.8 , 7.5(b) and 7.6 and
  Article 14, then Seller shall furnish or cause to be furnished
  to such Buyer an invoice by telex or telegram therefor and
  relevant documents showing the basis for the calculation
  thereof. The procedure set forth in Section 10.1 for sending
  a signed copy of such invoice shall be followed.
  
     10.3 Invoice Due Dates
                  Each invoice to a Buyer referred to in Section 10.1
  above shall become due and payable by such Buyer on the fifth
  (5th) Business Day in Japan after the date on which the
  invoice (which may be in telex or telegraphic form) has been
  received by such Buyer in Japan. For this purpose a
  telex/telegraphic copy of an invoice shall be deemed received
  by Buyer in Japan on the next Business Day in Japan following
  the day on which it was sent.
  
        Each other invoice to a Buyer hereunder shall become
  due and payable by such Buyer on the twentieth (20th) calendar
  day after the date of such Buyer's receipt of such invoice in
  Japan.
  
        If any invoice due date is not a Business Day in
  Japan, such invoice shall become due and payable on the next
  day which is a Business Day in Japan.
  
        In the event the full amount of any invoice is not
  paid when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest,
  compounded annually, from and including the day following the
  due date up to and including the date when payment is made, at
  an interest rate two percent (2%) greater than the Base Rate
  in effect from time to time during the period of delinquency.
  Such interest rate shall be adjusted up or down, as the case
  may be, to reflect any changes in the Base Rate as of the
  dates of such changes in the Base Rate.

     10.4 Payment
        Each Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S.
  Dollars all amounts which become due and payable by such Buyer
  pursuant to any invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account or
  accounts in the United States to be designated by Seller.
  Buyer shall not be responsible for such bank's disbursement of
  amounts remitted by Buyer to such bank, and Buyer's deposit in
  immediately available funds of the full amount of each invoice
  with such bank shall constitute full discharge and
  satisfaction of the obligations under this Contract for which
  such amounts were remitted. Each payment by a Buyer of any
  amount owing hereunder shall be in the full amount due without
  reduction or offset for any reason, including, without
  limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank transfer charges.
  
        Transfer of funds to the Seller's bank in the United
  States effected from Japan before the close of business in
  Japan on or before the due date of any invoice shall be deemed
  timely payment notwithstanding that such U.S. bank cannot
  credit such transfer as immediately available funds for a
  period of up to fourteen (14) hours by reason of the time
  difference between Japan and the United States, or for one or
  more days which are not banking days in the United States.
  
               10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
        (a)  If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG
  sold hereunder or for Fixed Quantities of LNG not taken and
  for which a Buyer is obligated to pay pursuant to this
  Contract is not made in accordance with this Contract within
  sixty (60) days after the due date thereof, Seller shall be
  entitled, upon giving thirty (30) days' written notice to such
  Buyer and Other Buyer:
  
        (i)  to suspend subsequent deliveries to such Buyer
  until the amount of such invoice and interest thereon has
  been paid, and such Buyer shall not be entitled to any make-
  up rights in respect of such suspended deliveries; and
  
        (ii) for the duration of such suspension,  to sell
  and deliver to a third party the quantities of LNG which
  would otherwise have been purchased and received by such
  Buyer.
  
        (b)  If any such invoice is not paid within one
  hundred twenty (120) days after the due date thereof, then,
  subject to the further provisions of this Section 10.5, upon
  not less than eighty (80) days' notice to Buyers and Other
  Buyer, Seller may terminate this Contract in respect of the
  defaulting Buyer only, in which event :
  
        (i)  this Contract shall continue in effect between
  Seller and the non-defaulting Buyer just as though the
  defaulting Buyer had never been a party and the quantities
  of LNG thereafter to be purchased and received by such
  defaulting Buyer had never been included in this Contract;
  and
  
        (ii) as regards the quantities of LNG which would
  otherwise have been purchased and received by such
  defaulting Buyer, Seller shall be entitled to increase by a
  like amount the quantity of LNG to be sold and delivered by
  Seller to Other Buyer utilizing the LNG Tankers.
  
        Termination by Seller under this Section 10.5(b)
  shall become effective upon the date specified in such
  notice from Seller. Any such termination shall be without
  prejudice to any other rights and remedies of Seller arising
  hereunder or by law or otherwise, including the right of
  Seller to receive payment of all obligations and claims
  which arose or accrued prior to such termination or by
  reason of such default by a Buyer or Buyers.
  
   10.6 Seller's Rights Upon Other Buyer's Failure to Make
  Payment
        If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG sold
  to Other Buyer under the Other Buyer Contract or for fixed
  quantities of LNG not taken and for which Other Buyer is
  obligated to pay pursuant to the Other Buyer Contract is not
  made in accordance with the Other Buyer Contract within one
  hundred and twenty (120) days after the due date thereof,
  then upon not less than eighty (80) days' notice to Buyers
  and Other Buyer, Seller shall have the right to terminate
  the Other Buyer Contract in its entirety and this Contract
  in its entirety unless, prior to such termination of this
  Contract, arrangements shall have been made which are
  satisfactory to Seller for the payment of all amounts owed
  Seller by Other Buyer and for the assumption of the LNG
  quantity and other obligations of Other Buyer under the
  Other Buyer Contract by one or both of the Buyers to this
  Contract or, with the consent of Seller, by a third party.
  Prior to termination of this Contract under this Section
  10.6, Seller shall consult with Buyers and shall give due
  consideration to Buyers' proposals for the continued
  performance of this Contract that will compensate Seller for
  increased costs which Seller may incur in respect of the
  transportation of LNG as a result of termination of the
  Other Buyer Contract.
  
   10.7 Disputed Invoices
        (a)  Subject to Section 10.7(b) below, in the event
  of disagreement concerning any invoice, the invoiced Buyer
  shall make provisional payment of the total amount thereof
  and shall immediately notify Seller of the reasons for such
  disagreement, except that in the case of obvious error in
  computation the correct amount shall be paid disregarding
  such error.
     
                       (b)  In the event of disagreement arising under
  Article 13 which results in a dispute concerning the amount of
  any invoice issued to a Buyer :
  
             (i)  the invoiced Buyer shall make provisional
  payment of the amount which is believed to be correct and
  shall immediately notify Seller of the reasons for such
  disagreement, except that in case of obvious error in
  computation the correct amount shall be paid disregarding
  such error; and
     
                            (ii) the invoiced Buyer shall make provisional
  payment of the amount in dispute to an interest bearing
  escrow account established and controlled jointly by Seller
  and the invoiced Buyer. The amount in dispute (including
  account interest thereon) shall remain in the escrow account
  until resolution of the disagreement, after which the amount
  shall be paid to the party entitled thereto. 
  
        (c)  Invoices may be contested or modified only if,
  within a period of ninety (90) days after receipt thereof,
  Buyer or Seller serves notice on the other, questioning
  their correctness. If no such notice is served, invoices
  shall be deemed correct and accepted by both parties.
  Promptly after resolution of any dispute as to an invoice,
  the amount of any overpayment or underpayment shall be paid
  by Seller or Buyer to the other, as the case may be, plus
  interest at the rate provided in Section 10.3 from the date
  payment was due to the date of payment.
  
  
  
  
  ARTICLE 11 - QUALITY
  
     11.1 Gross Heating Value
                  The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall have,
  in a gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than
  1070 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1170 BTU
  per Standard Cubic Foot. The expected range will be between
  1110 and 1165 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot.
  
     11.2 Components
                  The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyers shall, in
  a gaseous state, contain not less than eighty-five molecular
  percentage (85 mol%) of methane (CH4) and, for the components
  and substances listed below, such LNG shall not contain more
  than the following:
  
          A.   Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 mol%.
               B.   Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 mol%.
               C.   Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 mol%.
               D.   Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100
                 Standard Cubic Feet (0.25 grains/100 scf).
               E.   Total sulfur content, 1.3 grains per 100
                 Standard Cubic Feet (1.3 grains/100 scf).
                 
        Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyers is
  permitted to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in
  clauses D and E above, under normal operating conditions at
  the Badak Facility, Seller would expect such concentrations to
  be materially less.
  
        Should any question regarding quality of the LNG
  arise, Buyers and Seller shall consult and cooperate
  concerning such question.
  
  ARTICLE 12 - SCHEDULING
  
   12.1 Annual Program
  
        (a)  Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the
  beginning of each calendar year commencing with the year in
  which the first Fixed Quantity Period occurs, Seller shall
  give written notice to Buyers of the anticipated quantities
  of LNG to be available for sale hereunder from the Badak
  Facility for each calendar quarter of the next calendar
  year. On or before October 15 of each year in which such
  notice is given, each Buyer shall advise Seller in writing
  of the quantities such Buyer wishes to take during each
  calendar quarter of the following year, specifying the
  amount of any Make-Up LNG, any Restoration Quantities (in
  addition to Fixed Quantities), and any Additional Quantities
  requested pursuant to Article 7.
  
        Seller and Buyers shall thereupon consult together
  with a view to reaching agreement by December 1st of the
  same year and Seller shall issue a programming schedule,
  including provisional loading dates, for quantities to be
  delivered to each Receiving Facility and to the receiving
  facilities of Other Buyer during each calendar month during
  the following year (the "Annual Program"), taking into
  consideration the contents of the above notices and the
  Coordinated Maintenance Schedule. The Annual Program shall
  take into account Seller's commitments to other purchasers
  of LNG from the Badak Facility. Such Annual Program and the
  Ninety-Day Schedules referred to below (and any revisions
  thereof) are intended to assist the parties in planning
  their respective operations during the periods involved.
  
        The content of the Annual Program and Ninety-Day
  Schedules shall not reduce the entitlement of any party
  during any Fixed Quantity Period to sell and be paid for, or
  to purchase and receive, as the case may be, the quantities
  of LNG required under Article 7 to be sold and paid for
  during such Fixed Quantity Period.  Seller and Buyers will
  each take all appropriate steps to carry out each Annual
  Program and Ninety-Day Schedule.
  
        (b)  An Annual Program shall be amended to reflect
  requests for:
     
                         (i)  Make-Up LNG relating to a Take-or-Pay
  Quantity paid for in respect of the immediately preceding
  year; and
     
                        (ii) Restoration Quantities relating to a Force
  Majeure Deficiency arising in respect of the immediately
  preceding year; 
  
  provided that the requested LNG and the necessary
  transportation are available and such requests are received
  by Seller not later than January 15 of the year to which
  such Annual Program relates.
  
   12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules
        Not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each
  calendar month, Seller shall, after discussion with each
  Buyer, deliver to each Buyer a three-month forward plan of
  delivery (the "Ninety-Day Schedule"), which follows the
  applicable Annual Program (or most current draft thereof) as
  nearly as practicable and sets forth by voyages and the
  projected dates thereof the pattern of shipments forecast
  for each of the next three (3) calendar months. Each Ninety-
  Day Schedule shall reflect all adjustments, if any,
  necessitated by deviation from prior Ninety-Day Schedules so
  as to maintain as far as practicable the scheduled shipments
  forecast in the Annual Program. Both parties shall cooperate
  to facilitate smooth performance of the Ninety-Day Schedule.
  After consultation with Buyers, Seller shall revise the
  Ninety-Day Schedule when appropriate to meet operational
  requirements with the overall objective of fulfilling the
  Annual Program as far as practicable, taking into account
  any requests of Buyers for adjustments.
  
   12.3 Maintenance and Inspection Coordination
        Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning
  of each Fixed Quantity Period, Seller and Buyers shall consult
  and agree on a program (the "Coordinated Maintenance
  Schedule") designed to coordinate the scheduled drydocking and
  maintenance of the LNG Tankers and the anticipated
  maintenance/inspection downtime of the Badak Facility and the
  Receiving Facilities of each Buyer during that Fixed Quantity
  Period, and to minimize the collective impact thereof on
  continuous delivery of LNG hereunder, if and to the extent
  such drydocking, maintenance and downtime is expected to
  affect deliveries of LNG hereunder.
  
   12.4 Coordination of Scheduling with Other Buyer
        In exercising their rights and in performing their
  obligations under this Article 12, Buyers shall consult and
  coordinate with Other Buyer as to the matters dealt with
  herein prior to any discussions regarding the same with
  Seller.
  
  ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS, TESTS AND ANALYSIS
  
     13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
  
        Seller shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to
  be supplied, operated and maintained, suitable gauging devices
  for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers, density, pressure and
  temperature measuring devices, and any other measurement or
  testing devices which are incorporated in the structure of LNG
  Tankers or customarily maintained on shipboard.
  
        Each Buyer shall supply, operate and maintain, or
  cause to be supplied, operated and maintained, devices
  required for collecting samples and for determining quality
  and composition of the LNG and any other measurement or
  testing devices which are necessary to perform the measurement
  and testing required hereunder at the Receiving Facilities.
  
     13.2 Selection of Devices
                  All devices provided for in this Article 13 shall be
  chosen by mutual agreement of the parties and shall be such as
  at the time of selection are the most accurate and reliable
  devices in their practical application. The required degree of
  accuracy (which shall in any case be within the permissible
  tolerances defined in Schedule A) of such devices selected
  shall be mutually agreed upon by Buyers and Seller. In advance
  of the use of any device the party providing such device shall
  cause tests to be carried out to verify that such device has
  the required degree of accuracy. The provisions of Section
  13.10(a) shall apply to such tests.
  
     13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration
                  The parties will cooperate closely in the design,
  selection and acquisition of devices to be used for
  measurements and tests under this Article 13 in order that, to
  the maximum extent possible, all measurements and tests may be
  conducted either in American units of measurement or in metric
  units of measurement. In the event that it becomes necessary
  to make measurements and tests using a new system of units of
  measurement, the parties shall establish mutually agreeable
  conversion tables, or, if they are unable to agree, such
  tables may be established by the procedures provided for
  resolution of disputes on measurement and testing in Section
  13.11. Measurement devices shall be calibrated as follows:
  
  
  Measurement      American Units          Metric Units
  Volume           Cubic feet              Cubic Meters
  
  Temperature      Degrees Fahrenheit      Degrees Centigrade
  
  Pressure         Pounds per square       Kilograms per square
                   inch or inches of       centimeter or
                   mercury                 millimeters of
                                           mercury
                                           
  Length           Feet                    Meters
  
  Weight           Pounds                  Kilograms
  
  Density          Pounds per cubic        Kilograms per Cubic
                   foot                    Meter
  
     13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers
                  Seller shall provide each Buyer, or cause each Buyer
  to be provided, with a certified copy of tank gauge tables for
  each tank of the LNG Tanker verified by a competent impartial
  authority or authorities mutually agreed upon by the parties.
  Such tables shall include correction tables for list, trim,
  tank construction and any other items requiring such tables
  for accuracy of gauging. Seller and Buyers shall each have the
  right to have representatives present at the time each LNG
  tank on the LNG Tanker is volumetrically calibrated. If the
  LNG tanks of any LNG Tanker suffer distortion of such nature
  as to cause a prudent expert reasonably to question the
  validity of the tank gauge tables described herein (or any
  subsequent calibration provided for herein), any Buyer or
  Seller may require recalibration of such LNG tanks during any
  period when the LNG Tanker is out of service for inspection
  and/or repairs. Upon recalibration of the LNG tanks of the LNG
  Tanker, the same procedures used to provide the original tank
  gauge tables will be used to provide revised tank gauge tables
  based upon the recalibration data. The calibration of tanks
  provided for in this Section 13.4 shall constitute the only
  calibration required for purposes of this Contract.
  
     13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered
                  Volumes of LNG delivered pursuant to this Contract
  shall be determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG
  Tankers before and after unloading.
  
        Gauging the liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tankers and
  measuring of liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor
  pressure and liquid density in each LNG tank, trim and list of
  the LNG Tankers, and atmospheric pressure shall be performed,
  or caused to be performed, by Seller before and after
  unloading.
  
        The first gauging and measurements shall be made
  immediately before the commencement of unloading. The second
  gauging and measurements shall take place immediately after
  the completion of unloading.
  
        Copies of gauging and measurement records shall be
  furnished to Buyer.
          A.   Gauging the Liquid Level of LNG
                            The level of the LNG in each LNG tank of the LNG
  Tanker shall be gauged by means of the gauging device
  installed in the LNG Tanker for that purpose. The level of the
  LNG in each tank shall be logged or printed.
  
          B.   Determination of Temperature
                            The temperature of the LNG and of the vapor space
  in each cargo tank shall be measured by means of a sufficient
  number of properly located temperature measuring devices to
  permit the determination of average temperature. Temperatures
  shall be logged or printed.
  
          C.   Determination of Pressure
                            The pressure of the vapor in each LNG tank shall
  be determined by means of pressure measuring devices installed
  in each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker. The atmospheric pressure
  shall be determined by readings from the standard barometer
  installed in the LNG Tanker.
  
          D.   Determination of Density
                            Density of the LNG shall be computed by Seller
  or, if mutually agreed, measured. Initially the density of the
  LNG will be computed by the method described in Schedule A
  attached hereto. Should any improved data, method of
  calculation or direct measurement device become available
  which is acceptable to both Buyers and Seller, such improved
  data, method or device shall then be used. If density is
  determined by measurements, the results shall be logged or
  printed.

          13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis
                  Representative samples of the LNG delivered shall be
  obtained, or be caused to be obtained, in triplicate by each
  Buyer during the time of unloading and delivery to such Buyer.
  The three (3) samples shall be taken from an appropriate point
  on Buyer's receiving line as close as possible to the
  unloading flanges and collected in the gaseous state using the
  continuous gasification/collection method agreed by Buyers and
  Seller.
  
        In addition, periodic samples shall be obtained during
  unloading. Should it be necessary to utilize periodic samples,
  the composition of the LNG unloaded shall be the arithmetic
  average of the results obtained by analysis of such samples.
  
        The method and devices for sampling and the quantity
  of the samples to be withdrawn shall be determined by
  agreement between Buyers and Seller to provide for taking
  representative and adequate samples of the LNG delivered.
  
        If representative samples cannot be obtained by Buyer,
  the data to be determined by sample analysis in Section 13.7
  shall be based upon the analysis of the LNG loaded at the
  Loading Port and shall, after the boil-off adjustment provided
  for below, be substituted for use in determining composition
  of the cargo delivered. Such data obtained at the Loading Port
  shall be adjusted for boil-off on the basis of the arithmetic
  average of the boil-off experience during the one-way voyage
  with regard to the last cargoes carried by the same LNG
  Tanker, up to a maximum of five (5), from the Loading Port to
  the same Receiving Facility. For this purpose Seller shall
  utilize devices comparable to those utilized at the Receiving
  Facility and shall employ methods of taking and analyzing the
  samples at the Loading Port comparable in accuracy to those
  employed at the Receiving Facility.
  
        The samples obtained shall be distributed as follows:
     First sample   -    for use of Buyer receiving the LNG
                             shipment.
                    Second sample  -    for retention by such Buyer for an
                             agreed period, not to exceed
                             twenty (20) days, during which
                             period any dispute as to the
                             accuracy of any analysis shall be
                             raised, in which case the sample
                             shall be further retained until
                             such Buyer and Seller agree to
                             retain it no longer.
                    Third sample   -    for use of Seller, if Seller so
                             requests.
                             
     13.7 Quality Analysis
                  The samples provided for in Section 13.6 shall be
  analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by the Buyer receiving
  the LNG shipment to determine the molar fraction of the
  hydrocarbon and other components in the sample by gas
  chromatography using a mutually agreed method in accordance
  with "G.P.A. Standard 2261, Method of Analysis for Natural Gas
  and Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas Chromatography", published
  by G.P.A., current as of January 1, 1977 or as otherwise
  mutually agreed upon. If better standards for analysis are
  subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other recognized competent
  impartial authority, upon mutual agreement of Buyers and
  Seller, they shall be substituted for the standard then in
  use, but such substitution shall not take place retroactively.
  A calibration of the chromatograph or other analytical
  instrument used shall be performed by each Buyer immediately
  prior to the analysis of the sample of LNG delivered. The
  Buyer shall give advance notice to Seller of the time the
  Buyer intends to conduct a calibration thereof, and Seller
  shall have the right to have a representative present at each
  such calibration; provided, however, the Buyer will not be
  obligated to defer or reschedule any calibration in order to
  permit the representative of Seller to be present.
  
        The sample shall be analyzed, or be caused to be
  analyzed, by the Buyer to determine the concentrations of
  hydrogen sulfide (H2S) and total sulfur content referred to in
  Section 11.2 using the methods described in Schedule A
  attached hereto.
  
     13.8 Operating Procedures
                  Prior to conducting operations for measurement,
  gauging, sampling and analysis provided in Sections 13.5, 13.6
  and 13.7, the party responsible for such operations shall
  notify the appropriate representatives of the other party,
  allowing such representatives reasonable opportunity to be
  present for all operations and computations; however, the
  absence of the other party's representative after notification
  and opportunity to attend shall not prevent any operations and
  computations from being performed. At the request of either
  party any measurement, gauging, sampling and analysis provided
  for in Sections 13.5, 13.6 and 13.7 shall be witnessed and
  verified by an independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by
  the Buyer and Seller. The results of such surveyor's
  verifications shall be made available promptly to each party.
  All records of measurement and the computation results shall
  be preserved and available to both parties for a period of not
  less than three (3) years after such measurement and
  computation.  
  
     13.9 BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
                  The quantity of BTUs sold and delivered shall be
  calculated by Seller following the procedures described in
  this Section 13.9, and shall be verified by an independent
  surveyor mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyers.
  
     A.   Determination of Gross Heating Value
                       The Gross Heating Value of the samples of the LNG
  shall be determined by computation, in accordance with the
  method described in Schedule A attached hereto, on the basis
  of the molecular composition determined pursuant to Section
  13.7 and of the molecular weights and heating values described
  in "G.P.A. Publication 2145" published by G.P.A., current at
  the time of computation.
  
        If better constants or improved methods for
  determination of heating value are subsequently adopted by
  G.P.A. or other recognized competent impartial authority, they
  shall, upon mutual agreement of Seller and Buyers, be
  substituted therefor but not retroactively. The Gross Heating
  Value of the representative sample shall be the conclusive
  Gross Heating Value for the purpose of determining quantities
  of BTUs sold and delivered.
  
     B.   Determination of Volume of LNG Unloaded
                       The LNG volume in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before
  and after unloading shall be determined by gauging as provided
  in Section 13.5 on the basis of the tank gauge tables provided
  for in Section 13.4. The volume of LNG remaining in the tanks
  of the LNG Tanker after unloading shall then be subtracted
  from the volume before unloading and the resulting volume
  shall be taken as the volume of the LNG delivered from the LNG
  Tanker.
  
        If failure of gauging and measuring devices of the LNG
  Tanker should make it impossible to determine the LNG volume,
  the volume of LNG delivered shall be determined by gauging the
  liquid level in Buyer's onshore LNG storage tanks immediately
  before and after unloading the LNG Tanker, and such volume
  shall be increased by adding an estimated LNG volume, agreed
  upon by the parties, for boil-off from such onshore LNG
  storage tanks and related pipelines during the unloading of
  the LNG Tanker. Each Buyer shall provide Seller, or cause
  Seller to be provided with, a certified copy of tank gauge
  tables for each onshore LNG tank which is to be used for this
  purpose, such tables to be verified by a competent impartial
  authority.
  
   C.   Determination of BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
        The quantities of BTUs sold and delivered shall be
  computed by Seller by means of the following formula:
    <PAGE>
                  Q =  V  x  D x P  -  Qr
   where :
          Q    :    represents the quantity of the LNG sold
                      and delivered in BTUs.
               V    :    represents the volume of the LNG
                      unloaded, stated in Cubic Meters,
                      determined as provided in Section 13.9B.
               D    :    represents the density of the LNG
                      unloaded, stated in kilograms per Cubic
                      Meter, determined as provided in Section
                      13.5D.
               P    :    represents the Gross Heating Value of the
                      LNG unloaded, stated in BTUs per
                      kilogram. 
               Qr   :    represents the quantity in BTUs of the
                      vapor which displaced the volume of LNG
                      unloaded from the LNG tanks in the LNG
                      Tanker.
                      
                      
                      Physical constants, calculation
                      procedures and examples of BTU
                      determination are provided in Schedule A.
                      
                    13.10     Verification of Accuracy and Correction for
            Error
                  (a)  Accuracy of devices used shall be tested and
  verified at the request of either party, including the request
  by a party to verify accuracy of its own devices. Each party
  shall have the right to inspect at any time the measurement
  devices installed by the other party, provided that the other
  party be notified in advance. Testing shall be performed only
  when both parties are represented, or have received adequate
  advance notice thereof, using methods recommended by the
  manufacturer or any other method agreed to by Seller and
  Buyers. At the request of any party hereto, any test shall be
  witnessed and verified by an independent surveyor mutually
  agreed upon by Buyers and Seller. Permissible tolerances shall
  be defined in Schedule A.
  
        (b)  Inaccuracy of a device exceeding the permissible
  tolerances shall require correction of previous recordings,
  and computations made on the basis of those recordings, to
  zero error with respect to any period which is definitely
  known or agreed upon by the parties, as well as adjustment of
  the device. All the invoices issued during such period shall
  be amended accordingly to reflect such correction and an
  adjustment in payment shall be made between the affected Buyer
  or Buyers and Seller. If the period of error is neither known
  nor agreed upon, and there is no evidence as to such period of
  error, corrections shall be made and invoices amended for each
  delivery made during the last half of the period since the
  date of the most recent calibration of the inaccurate device.
  However, the provisions of this Section 13.10(b) shall not be
  applied to require the modification of any invoice that has
  become final pursuant to Section 10.7(c).
  
     13.11     Disputes
                  In the event of any dispute concerning the subject
  matter of this Article 13, including, but not limited to,
  disputes over selection of the type or the accuracy of
  measuring devices, their calibration, the result of
  measurement, period of error of a device, sampling, analysis,
  computation or method of calculation, such dispute shall be
  submitted to a competent impartial authority mutually agreed
  upon by the parties to the dispute or, if such authority
  cannot be agreed upon within thirty (30) days of request by
  any such party, such dispute shall be decided by arbitration
  pursuant to Article 16. All decisions of an authority acting
  under this Section 13.11 shall be binding on such parties.
  Expenses incurred in connection with the services of such
  authority shall be shared equally by the Seller on the one
  hand and the Buyer or Buyers who are parties to the dispute on
  the other hand.
  
     13.12     Costs and Expenses of Test and Verification
                  All costs and expenses for testing and verifying
  Seller's measurement devices as provided for in this Article
  13 shall be borne by Seller and all costs and expenses for
  testing and verifying Buyers' measurement devices as provided
  for in this Article 13 shall be borne by Buyers. The fees and
  charges of independent surveyors for measurements and
  calculations as provided for in Sections 13.8 and 13.9 shall
  be borne equally by Seller and Buyer. When the services of
  independent surveyors are required and selected by mutual
  agreement pursuant to Section 13.10, then the fees and charges
  of such surveyors shall be borne equally by Seller and Buyers.
  
  
  ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES
  
        Each Buyer shall pay (or reimburse Seller for payments
  made by it) and shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from,
  all taxes, royalties, duties, or other imposts levied or
  imposed by the Japanese Government or any subdivision thereof,
  or any other governmental authority in Japan, on the
  transportation, sale and import of LNG, or on any income
  resulting therefrom, including income resulting from payments
  made under this Article 14, and taxes and duties levied or
  imposed on the LNG Tankers in Japan. The parties understand
  and confirm that Buyer shall not be required to pay under this
  Article 14 for any port charges, taxes or duties on the LNG
  Tankers to the extent the same are included in any other
  amounts payable by Buyer under this Contract.  All payments or
  reimbursements required under this Article 14 shall be
  invoiced by Seller and paid by Buyer in accordance with
  Article 10.
  
  
  ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE
  
  15.1  Events of Force Majeure
        Neither Seller nor any Buyer shall be liable for any
  delay or failure in performance hereunder if and to the
  extent such delay or failure in performance directly results
  from any of the following ("Force Majeure"):
  
               (A)  Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
                      lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado,
                      earthquake, landslide, soil erosion,
                      subsidence, washout or epidemic;
                      
               (B)  War, riot, civil war, blockade,
                      insurrection, act of public enemies or
                      civil disturbance;
     
                    (C)  Strike, lockout or other industrial
                      disturbance;
     
                    (D)  Serious accidental damage to or serious
                      failure of Seller's Facilities, unless
                      such damage or failure is the result of
                      gross negligence on the part of Seller's
                      management;
     
                    (E)  Serious accidental damage to or serious
                      failure of a Buyer's Facilities, unless
                      such damage or failure is the result of
                      gross negligence on the part of such
                      Buyer's management;
     
                    (F)  The Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
                      of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area
                      expressed in the then most recent
                      Certificate referred to in Section 3.2(a)
                      which can be economically produced have
                      been fully depleted; 
     
                                      (G)  Delay in completion and testing of a
  Buyer's Receiving Facilities so as to prevent the same from
  becoming operational on a continuing basis, which delay is
  caused by delay in receiving major items of equipment or
  materials from the manufacturer or vendor thereof, provided
  that such Buyer shall have taken all steps reasonably
  available to obtain timely delivery of such items including
  the placing of purchase orders within such time as was
  prudent under then existing circumstances, or by delay in
  the completion and testing of inground LNG storage tanks,
  provided that the affected Buyer shall have taken all steps
  which could reasonably have been expected and which are
  necessary to fulfill its responsibility to provide LNG
  storage tanks under this Contract;
  
             (H)  Delay in completion and testing of a
  vessel intended to be used as an LNG Tanker so as to prevent
  the same from becoming operational on a continuing basis,
  provided that Seller shall have taken all steps which could
  reasonably have been expected and which are necessary to
  fulfill its responsibility to provide transportation under
  this Contract;
  
          (I)  Act of government that directly affects the
  ability of a party to perform any obligation hereunder other
  than the obligation to remit payments as provided in Section
  10.4 on account of LNG delivered and taken or not taken but
  required to be paid for under this Contract; or

                    (J)  Unavailability of an LNG Tanker caused by an
  event or circumstance which is beyond the reasonable control
  of Seller despite Seller's best efforts to assure the
  availability of such LNG Tanker.
   
   15.2 Notice; Resumption of Normal Performance
        (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of
  Force Majeure that gives a party warning that the event may
  delay or prevent the performance by Seller or a Buyer of any
  of its obligations hereunder, the party affected shall give
  notice thereof to the other parties describing such event
  and stating the obligations the performance of which are, or
  are expected to be, delayed or prevented, and (either in the
  original or in supplemental notices) stating:
                    (i)  The estimated period during which
                      performance may be suspended or reduced,
                      including, to the extent known or
                      ascertainable, the estimated extent of
                      such reduction in performance; and
     
                    (ii) The particulars of the program to be
                      implemented to ensure full resumption of
                      normal performance hereunder. 
                      
        (b)  In order to ensure resumption of normal
  performance of this Contract within the shortest practicable
  time, the party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall
  take all measures to this end which are reasonable in the
  circumstances, taking into account the consequences resulting
  from such event of Force Majeure. Prior to resumption of
  normal performance the parties shall continue to perform their
  obligations under this Contract to the extent not prevented by
  such event.
  
   15.3 Efforts to Mitigate the Effect of Force Majeure
        If an event of Force Majeure affects any Buyer's
  Facilities or like facilities of Other Buyer, Buyers shall
  take or permit to be taken all measures which are reasonable
  so that the LNG Tankers will be used to the maximum extent
  possible, including (in the case of an event of Force
  Majeure affecting a Buyer's Facilities) the timely delivery
  by Seller of those quantities of LNG affected by such event
  of Force Majeure to Other Buyer in accordance with the
  provisions of the Other Buyer Contract.
  
   15.4 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances
        Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
  disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the
  party experiencing such situation and nothing herein shall
  require such party to settle industrial disputes by yielding
  to demands made on it when it considers such action
  inadvisable.
  
  
  ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION
  
   All disputes arising between a Buyer or Buyers, on the one
  hand, and Seller, on the other hand, relating to this Contract
  or the interpretation or performance hereof, shall be finally
  settled by arbitration conducted in accordance with the Rules
  of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce,
  effective at the time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in
  accordance with such Rules. Arbitration shall be conducted in
  the English language and shall be held at Paris, France,
  unless another location is selected by mutual agreement of the
  parties concerned. The award rendered by the arbitrators shall
  be final and binding upon the parties concerned.
  
  ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW
  
   This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
  accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United
  States of America.
  
  ARTICLE 18 - BUYERS' REPRESENTATIVE
  
   Buyers will from time to time jointly designate a Buyers'
  Representative to act on behalf of the Buyers in performing
  the following:
  
     A.   Coordination among each of the Buyers and Other
            Buyer, and between Seller and Buyer or Buyers, and
            the handling of communications between Seller and
            Buyer or Buyers in connection with performance of
            this Contract; and
     
          B.   Implementation of various operations of each Buyer
            or of Buyers which are necessary in connection with
            purchasing and receiving of LNG hereunder.
            
   Buyers shall notify Seller of the name and address of the
  entity to act as Buyers' Representative.
  
   Seller shall be entitled to accept and rely upon any
  communication received from Buyers' Representative as if
  received directly from one or both of the Buyers, and to give
  communications to Buyers' Representative with the same effect
  as if given directly to a Buyer or Buyers. No act of or
  authorization to Buyers' Representative shall relieve either
  Buyer from performance of any obligation or payment of any
  liability of such Buyer hereunder, each Buyer remaining
  primarily liable therefor at all times.
  
  ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY
  
   No party to this Contract shall use or communicate to third
  parties the contents of this Contract or other confidential
  information or documents which may come into the possession of
  such party in connection with the performance of this Contract
  without the prior agreement of the party or parties to which
  such information or documents are confidential. This
  restriction shall not apply to the contents of this Contract,
  or information or documents, which:
  
     (i)  have fallen into the public domain otherwise than
            through the act or failure to act of the party that
            has obtained them; or
     
          (ii) are communicated to:
     
          (A)  any of Seller's Suppliers, or any Affiliate
                 (as defined below), with the obligation of the
                 receiving person to maintain confidentiality;
     
               (B)  persons participating in the implementation of
                 this project, such as Other Buyer, Seller's
                 Transporter, Buyers' Representative, legal
                 counsel, accountants, other professional,
                 business or technical consultants and
                 advisers, underwriters or lenders, with the
                 obligation of the receiving persons to
                 maintain confidentiality; or
     
               (C)  any governmental agency of the Republic of
                 Indonesia or Japan, or having jurisdiction
                 over any of Seller's Suppliers or any
                 Affiliate or Seller's Transporter, provided
                 that such agency has authority to require such
                 disclosure, and that such disclosure is made
                 in accordance with that authority.
                 
   As used before, the term "Affiliate" means a company that
  controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
  a party to this Contract or any of Seller's Suppliers.
  
  ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES
  
   All notices and other communications for purposes of this
  Contract shall be in writing, which shall include transmission
  by telex, facsimile, cable, or other similar electronic method
  of written transmission mutually agreed by Seller and Buyers,
  except that notices given from an LNG Tanker at sea may be by
  radio. Notices and communications shall be directed as
  follows:
  
     A.   To Seller at the following mail, telex, facsimile
            and cable addresses: 
          
          PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS
          BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
          
          (Mail address)
       
          P.O. Box 12/JKT
          Jalan Merdeka Timur 1A, 
          Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia
       
          (Telex address)
       
          PERTAMINA 44302 or 44152
          JAKARTA, INDONESIA
       
          (Facsimile address)
       
          62-21-355271
       
          (Cable address)
          
                                        PERTAMINA
          JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA
  
          In each case marked for the attention of:
  
          Head of Gas Marketing Bureau
  
  
     B.   To Buyers at the following mail, telex, facsimile
            and cable   addresses -
              
  
     (i)  Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd.
  
          (Mail address)
  
          2-7-1, Minamimachi,
          Minami-ku,
          Hiroshima, 734 Japan
  
          (Telex address)
  
          To be provided prior to October 1, 1995
  
          (Facsimile address)
  
          81-82-255-9888
  
          (Cable address)
  
          HIROSHIMAGAS HIROSHIMA
  
          In each case marked for the attention of :
  
          Carbon Department
  
     (ii) Nippon Gas Co., Ltd.
  
          (Mail address)
  
          8-2, Chuocho, Kagoshima-shi,
          Kagoshima, 890 Japan
  
          (Telex address)
  
          To be provided prior to October 1, 1995
  
          (Facsimile address)
  
          81-992-54-7040
  
          (Cable address)
  
          NIPPONGAS KAGOSHIMA
  
          In each case marked for the attention of :
  
          LNG Introduction Corporate Planning Office
  
  
        The parties may designate additional addresses for
  particular communications as required from time to time, and
  may change any addresses, by notice given thirty (30) days in
  advance of such additions or changes.
  
   Immediately upon receiving communications by telex,
  facsimile, cable or other similar electronic method of written
  transmission, or radio, a party shall acknowledge receipt by
  the same means, and may request a repeat transmittal of the
  entire communication or confirmation of particular matters. If
  the sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt within
  twenty-four (24) hours, or receives a request for repeat
  transmittal or confirmation, said party shall repeat the
  transmittal or answer the particular request.
  
   Without prejudice to the validity of the original notice,
  the receiving party of any notice given by telex, facsimile,
  cable or other similar electronic method of written
  transmission may request the confirmation of the notice by
  letter and the sending party shall make such confirmation by
  letter upon the request.
  
  
  ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT
  
   Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations
  hereunder may be assigned by either Buyer without the prior
  written consent of Seller, or by Seller without the prior
  written consent of each Buyer. Any request by a Buyer for
  Seller's consent to an assignment shall be accompanied by the
  written consent of the other Buyer and Other Buyer to the
  proposed assignment.
  
  
  ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
  
   This Contract cannot be amended, modified, varied or
  supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by
  Seller and Buyers.
  
   The failure of any party at any time to require performance
  of any provision of this Contract shall not affect its right
  to require subsequent performance of such provision. Waiver by
  any party of any breach of any provision hereof shall not
  constitute the waiver of any subsequent breach of such
  provision. Performance of any condition or obligation to be
  performed hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived or
  postponed except by an instrument in writing signed by the
  party who is claimed to have granted such waiver or
  postponement.
  
  ARTICLE 23 - SEVERALTY
  
   This Contract shall be binding upon each Buyer in
  accordance with its terms. The liabilities of Buyers under
  this Contract are several and not joint or joint and several,
  and each Buyer shall be liable only for performance of the
  obligations of such Buyer as provided in this Contract.
  
  ARTICLE 24 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE
  
   Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall be
  mutually agreed upon by Seller and each Buyer separately or,
  when necessary and desirable, by Seller, Buyers and Other
  Buyer on a coordinated and mutually agreeable basis.
  
  ARTICLE 25 - EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION
  
        Seller and Buyers will maintain close communication with
  each other, and with Other Buyer, and will mutually provide
  and exchange available information directly relevant to the
  fulfillment of this Contract.
  
   The parties will consult together, and if necessary with
  Other Buyer, to coordinate plans relating to the construction
  of the Receiving Facilities, the modification of the Badak
  Facility and the construction of the vessels intended to be
  used as the LNG Tankers, so as to assure that such facilities
  and such vessels are compatible for all purposes and that
  progress is being made in accordance with the project
  timetable agreed to between the parties. For the purpose of
  such consultation, each of the parties will appoint
  representatives to a joint coordinating committee (which will
  include a representative of Other Buyer) which shall meet for
  the first time within sixty (60) days after the execution of
  this Contract, and thereafter at such intervals as it shall
  decide. Meetings of the joint coordinating committee shall be
  attended by Other Buyer when necessary.
  
  
  ARTICLE 26 - TERMINATION
  
   Seller and each Buyer shall use best efforts to obtain
  all authorizations, approvals and permissions of national
  and local governments or other competent authorities or
  bodies which are required for performance of this Contract
  (the "Authorizations and Approvals"), and will cooperate
  fully with each other wherever necessary for this purpose.
  If, at the time of expiration of twelve (12) months after
  the execution of this Contract, Seller or either Buyer
  should fail to obtain the Authorizations and Approvals, then
  such party shall so notify the other parties promptly after
  such expiration, and Seller and Buyers shall consult as to
  the circumstances pertaining thereto. If, within thirty (30)
  days after the date of the aforesaid notice, the parties
  have not agreed on a postponement of the time within which
  the Authorizations and Approvals shall be obtained then
  either Seller or Buyers may terminate this Contract by
  written notice given at any time prior to the date upon
  which the Authorizations and Approvals are obtained. The
  same right of termination and procedures relating thereto
  shall apply upon the expiration of any postponement period
  or periods agreed to by the parties.
  
   If, after using their best efforts, either Seller or Other
  Buyer should fail to obtain all authorizations, approvals and
  permissions of national and local governments or other
  competent authorities or bodies which are required for
  performance of the Other Buyer Contract then, in the event
  that either Seller or Other Buyer (being entitled to do so
  pursuant to the provisions of the Other Buyer Contract)
  terminates the Other Buyer Contract, Seller shall so notify
  Buyers in writing, and Seller and Buyers shall promptly begin
  consultations with a view to finding mutually agreeable
  alternative arrangements for ensuring that the vessels
  intended to be used as the LNG Tankers will be fully utilized.
  If within thirty (30) days after the date of the aforesaid
  notice the parties have not agreed on such alternative
  arrangements or on a time period in which such mutually
  agreeable alternative arrangements shall be concluded, then
  Seller may terminate this Contract by written notice to Buyers
  at any time prior to the date on which such alternative
  arrangements have been completed.
  
   This Contract is also subject to termination under
  certain other circumstances as provided in Sections 10.5 and
  10.6.
  
   Termination of this Contract shall be without prejudice to
  any accrued rights of the parties arising under this Contract
  prior to termination.
  
  ARTICLE 27 - SCOPE
  
   This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
  parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
  and replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in
  any agreement between the parties, whether written or oral,
  prior to the date of the execution hereof.
  
  ARTICLE 28 - COUNTERPARTS
  
   This Contract is executed in three (3) identical
  counterparts each of which shall have the force and dignity of
  an original, and all of which shall constitute but one and the
  same Contract.
  
   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
  Contract to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of
  the date first written above.
  
  SELLER:                          BUYERS:
  
  PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN          HIROSHIMA GAS CO., LTD.
  MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
  (PERTAMINA)
  
  
  By ________/s/_____________      By___________/s/_________
  
  
                                   NIPPON GAS CO., LTD.
  
  
  
  
                                   By__________/s/___________
  
  
  WITNESS:                         
  NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION
  
  
  
  By __________/s/____________     
  
  
    <PAGE>
  SIDE LETTER TO
  LNG SALES CONTRACT
  
  
  
  13 October, 1992
               
                                                                       
                      
                                                   
  NIPPON GAS CO., LTD.
  
  
  
  Gentlemen,
  
  
  
  With reference to the LNG Sales Contract entered into today
  between Pertamina and Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd., and Nippon Gas
  Co., Ltd. (the "Contract"), the parties have agreed the
  following matters supplemental to the Contract. In this letter
  terms defined in the Contract shall have the meanings therein
  ascribed to them.
  
  
  1.    Deliveries for Testing and Cool-Down of Receiving
  Facilities
     
             The first full cargo to be delivered to each Buyer as part
  of its Fixed Quantities in the first Fixed Quantity Period
  shall be for the purposes of cooling down such Buyer's
  Receiving Facilities. Allowed Laytime shall be extended by
  such period as Seller and Buyers shall mutually agree is
  reasonable (but in no event to exceed fifteen (15) days) to
  allow for the delivery of such cool-down cargo.
  
  2.    Force Majeure at Seller's Facilities
  
   If there is an event of Force Majeure at Seller's Facilities
  which reduces the quantity of LNG available to Buyers from the
  Badak Facility, then Seller and Buyers will consult regarding
  the possibility of making the LNG Tankers available to Buyers.
  In the event that Seller decides to make the LNG Tankers
  available to Buyers, Seller shall be entitled, upon reasonable
  notice to Buyers, to have the LNG Tankers returned to Seller
  whenever Seller is able to resume delivery of LNG to Buyers.
     
         3.  Buyers' Obligation to Restore Force Majeure Deficiency
     
             Referring to Section 7.9 (a) of the Contract, the parties
  have agreed the following with regard to Buyers' obligation to
  restore a Force Majeure Deficiency under the Contract:
     
             (i)  Section 7.9 (a) does not impose on Buyers any
  obligation as to resumption of normal performance in the event
  of Force Majeure affecting Buyers under Section 15.1 which is
  greater than Buyers' obligation under Sections 15.2 and 15.3,
  and after resumption of normal performance Buyers will not be
  required to modify Buyers' Facilities, in order to restore a
  Force Majeure Deficiency, at a cost which would make the
  purchase of such Restoration Quantities uneconomic.
     
             (ii) Buyers will not be required to engage in efforts to
  increase the demand of their customers for gas beyond the
  efforts which are in the best interests of their overall
  business.
     
             (iii)     Buyers' rights under this Contract to purchase
  Fixed Quantities, or under other LNG purchase contracts of
  Buyers to purchase the equivalent thereof, and to increase or
  decrease such quantities in accordance with such contracts,
  are recognized, it being understood by the parties that the
  exercise of quantity options, if any, under other LNG purchase
  contracts of Buyers or the short-term purchase of LNG by
  Buyers are subject to due regard for Buyers' obligation to
  restore a Force Majeure Deficiency.
     
         4.  Sale of Additional Cargoes on a Spot Basis
     
             Seller and Buyers agree that at any time during any Fixed
  Quantity Period a Buyer shall be entitled to request the
  purchase of additional cargoes, on a spot basis, using the LNG
  Tankers.
     
             Seller may accept or reject such request in its sole
  discretion.  In the event that Seller accepts any such
  request, the sale and purchase of the quantities involved
  shall be made on the terms and conditions contained in the
  Contract.
     
         5.  Seller's Transportation Arrangements
     
             At the time Sections 8.3 and 8.4 were prepared, Seller's
  Transportation Arrangements had not yet been finalized. Seller
  and Buyers will prepare, if necessary, more detailed
  guidelines pursuant to Article 24 to take into account the
  effect of the Seller's Transportation Arrangements, as
  finalized, on the transportation related matters provided for
  under Sections 8.3 and 8.4.
     
     
     
                                             Very truly yours,
     
     
     
                                             PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
                                             MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                             (PERTAMINA)
     
     
     
     
     
                                             By ________/s/_____________
     
     
        Agreed and Accepted this 13th day
  of October, 1992:
     
     
     
     
     
     HIROSHIMA GAS CO., LTD.
     
     
     
     
     By ______/s/____________
     
     
     NIPPON GAS CO., LTD.
     
     
     
     
     By ______/s/____________
        
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.31
<SEQUENCE>25
<DESCRIPTION>LNG SALES CONTARCT DATED OCT. 13, 92
<TEXT>





                           LNG SALES CONTRACT
                      dated as of October 13, 1992
                                 BETWEEN
                    PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MNYAK DAN
                 GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA), as Seller
                                    
                                   AND
                                    
                      OSAKA GAS CO., LTD., as Buyer
                                    
                                    
                                     <PAGE>
                           
                           LNG SALES CONTRACT
                                    
                                CONTENTS

                                                       Page

ARTICLE 1 - Definitions                                2


ARTICLE 2 - Sale and Purchase                          9


ARTICLE 3 - Sources of Supply                          10

        3.1 Sources of Supply                          10
        3.2 Reserves of Natural Gas                    10
        3.3 Changes in Gas Supply Area and Seller's 
            Suppliers                                  11


ARTICLE 4 - Transportation and Unloading               12

        4.1 Seller's Obligation to Provide 
            Transportation                             12
        4.2 LNG Tankers                                12
        4.3 Unloading Port Facilities                  12
        4.4 Unloading Port Obligations                 13
        4.5 Notices of LNG Tanker Movements and 
            Characteristics of LNG Cargoes             14
        4.6 Demurrage at Unloading Ports               15
        4.7 Effect of Unloading Port Delays; Excess 
            Boil-Off                                   18
        4.8 Non-Utilization Cost                       18


ARTICLE 5 -Onshore Facilities                          21

        5.1 Receiving Facilities                       21
        5.2 Badak Facility                             21


ARTICLE 6 -Duration of Contract                        22


ARTICLE 7 -Quantities                                  23

        7.1 Fixed Quantities                           23
        7.2 Permanent Decrease in Fixed Quantities     25
        7.3 Annual Adjustment to Fixed Quantities      25
        7.4 Adjustment to Fixed Quantities at Time
            of Ninety-Day Schedules                    26
        7.5 Single Port Cargoes; Rate of Deliveries    26
        7.6 Quantity Deficiency                        27
        7.7 Allocation of Deliveries Between Buyer and 
            Other Purchasers                           28
        7.8 Make-Up LNG                                29
        7.9 Force Majeure Deficiency                   30
       7.10 Allocation of Make-Up LNG and Restoration 
            Quantities                                 30
       7.11 Additional Quantities                      31


ARTICLE 8 - Contract Sales Price                       32

       8.1  Contract Sales Price                       32
       8.2  LNG Element                                32
       8.3  Transportation Element                     33
       8.4  Annual Reconciliation of Transportation Costs35
       8.5  Second LNG Tanker                          36


ARTICLE 9 - Transfer of Title                          37


ARTICLE 10 -    Invoices and Payment                   38

       10.1 Cargo Invoices and Documents               38
       10.2 Other Invoices                             38
       10.3 Invoice Due Dates                          38
       10.4 Payment                                    39
       10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make 
           Payment                                     40
       10.6 Seller's Rights Upon MCGC's Failure to Make 
           Payment                                     40
       10.7 Disputed Invoices                          41


ARTICLE 11 -Quality                                    42

       11.1 Gross Heating Value                        42
       11.2 Components                                 42


ARTICLE 12 -  Scheduling                               43

       12.1 Annual Program                             43
       12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules                       44
       12.3 Maintenance and Inspection Coordination    44
       12.4 Coordination of Scheduling with the MCGCs  44


ARTICLE 13 -   Measurements, Tests and Analysis        45

       13.1 Parties to Supply Devices                  45
       13.2 Selection of Devices                       45
       13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration       45
       13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers           46
       13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered46
       13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis               47
       13.7 Quality Analysis                           48
       13.8 Operating Procedures                       49
       13.9 BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered          49
       13.10  Verification of Accuracy and Correction 
            for Error                                  51
       13.11  Disputes                                 52
       13.12  Costs and Expenses of Test and 
            Verification                               52


ARTICLE 14 -Duties, Taxes and Charges                  53


ARTICLE 15 -Force Majeure                              54

       15.1 Events of Force Majeure                    54
       15.2 Notice; Resumption of Normal Performance   55
       15.3 Efforts to Mitigate the Effect of 
            Force Majeure                              56
       15.4 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances      56


ARTICLE 16 -Arbitration                                57


ARTICLE 17 -Applicable Law                             58


ARTICLE 18 -Buyer's Representative                     59


ARTICLE 19 -Confidentiality                            60


ARTICLE 20 -Notices                                    61


ARTICLE 21 -Assignment                                 63


ARTICLE 22 -Amendment and Waiver                       64


ARTICLE 23 -Details of Performance                     65


ARTICLE 24 -Exchange of Information                    66


ARTICLE 25 -Termination                                67


ARTICLE 26 -Scope                                      68


ARTICLE 27 -Counterparts                               69


SCHEDULE A -Testing and Methods



<PAGE>
                            LNG SALES CONTRACT


    This LNG Sales Contract (the "Contract"), dated as of the
13th day of October 1992, is made by and between PERUSAHAAN
PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA), a state
enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia ("Seller"), on the one
hand, and OSAKA GAS CO., LTD., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Japan ("Buyer"), on the other hand.

                                 WHEREAS:

1.  Seller and Buyer are parties to several LNG Sales Contracts,
    including the LNG Sales Contract originally dated December
    3rd, 1973, amended and restated as of January 1st, 1990 (the
    "1973 LNG Sales Contract") and the LNG Sales and Purchase
    Contract dated as of March 31st, 1988 (the "1988 LNG Sales
    Contract").

2.  Of even date herewith, Seller has entered into an LNG Sales
    Contract with Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd. and Nippon Gas Co.,
    Ltd. (the "MCGCs") in respect of certain quantities of LNG
    (as hereinafter defined). Such LNG Sales Contract is
    hereinafter referred to as the "MCGC Contract".

3.  Buyer has agreed with Seller to purchase and receive, upon
    the terms and conditions contained in  this Contract, such
    quantities of LNG as are necessary to ensure the full
    utilization of the LNG Tankers  to be used to transport the
    quantities of LNG sold and purchased under the MCGC Contract
    and the quantities of LNG sold and purchased under  this
    Contract.

4.  Seller and Buyer intend to agree to the sale and purchase of
    certain quantities of LNG to replace Buyer's demand upon the
    expiration of the 1988 LNG Sales Contract on December 31,
    1993.

    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises
contained herein, Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS

    The terms or expressions set forth below will have the
following meanings when used in this Contract and where the
context permits the singular shall include the plural and vice
versa:

    1.1  Actual Amount
         As defined in Section 8.4.

    1.2  Actual Cubic Foot
         A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is
one foot.

    1.3  Additional Quantities
         As defined in Section 7.11.

    1.4  Adverse Weather Conditions
         As defined in Section 4.6(b).

    1.5  Affiliate
         As defined in Article 19.

    1.6  Allowed Laytime
         As defined in Section 4.6(b).

    1.7  Annual Program
         As defined in Section 12.1(a).

    1.8  Authorizations and Approvals
         As defined in Article 25.

    1.9  Badak Facility
         As defined in Section 5.2.

    1.10 Base Rate
    The rate of interest announced from time to time to the
press by Citibank, N.A., New York ("Citibank") as Citibank's base
rate. The base rate may not be the lowest rate charged by
Citibank to its borrowers. If there is any doubt as to the Base
Rate for any period, a written confirmation signed by an officer
of Citibank shall conclusively establish the Base Rate in effect
for such period. In the event that Citibank shall for any reason
cease quoting a base rate as described above, then a comparable
rate shall be determined using rates then in effect and shall be
used in place of the said base rate.

    1.11 British Thermal Unit (BTU)
         The amount of heat required to raise the temperature of
one avoirdupois pound of pure water from 59.0 degrees Fahrenheit
to 60.0 degrees Fahrenheit at an absolute pressure of 14.696
pounds per square inch. MMBTU means one million (1,000,000) BTUs.

    1.12 Business Day in Japan
         Every day other than Saturdays, Sundays, National
Holidays (including compensatory days), and January 2 and 3.

    1.13 Buyer's Facilities
         For the purposes of Sections 15.1(E) and 15.3, the
Receiving Facilities and such other facilities directly related
to the use of LNG which, if not operational, would reduce the
amount of LNG which Buyer is able to receive hereunder.

    1.14 Buyer's Representative
         Such entity from time to time designated by Buyer
pursuant to Article 18.

    1.15 Certificate
         As defined in Section 3.2(a).

    1.16 Coordinated Maintenance Schedule
         As defined in Section 12.3.

    1.17 Contract Sales Price
         As defined in Section 8.1.

    1.18 Cubic Meter (CBM)
         A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is
one meter.

    1.19 DA Period
         A Fixed Quantity Period in relation to which a Downward
Adjustment is exercised pursuant to Section 7.1(b).

    1.20 Delivery Point
         The point at the Unloading Port at which the flange
coupling of Buyer's unloading line joins the flange coupling of
the LNG discharging manifold on board the LNG Tanker.

    1.21 Downward Adjustment
         As defined in Section 7.1(b).

    1.22 Fixed Quantity
         As defined in Section 7.1(a).

    1.23 Fixed Quantity Period
         As defined in Section 7.1(a).

    1.24 Force Majeure
         As defined in Section 15.1.

    1.25 Force Majeure Deficiency
         As defined in Section 7.9(a).

    1.26 Full Cargo Lot
         A quantity of LNG delivered to the Receiving Facilities
from an LNG Tanker loaded to its full capacity.

    1.27 Gas Supply Area
         The areas in East Kalimantan, Indonesia covered by
production sharing contracts between Seller and Seller's
Suppliers, and such other nearby contract areas as Seller may
designate from time to time.

    1.28 G.P.A.
         Gas Processors Association.

    1.29 Gross Heating Value
         The quantity of heat, expressed in British Thermal
Units, produced by the complete combustion in air of one cubic
foot of anhydrous gas, at a temperature of 60.0 degrees
Fahrenheit and an absolute pressure of 14.696 pounds per square
inch, with the air at the same temperature and pressure as the
gas, after cooling the products of the combustion to the initial
temperature of the gas and air, and after condensation of the
water formed by combustion.

    1.30 Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
         Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling
point and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

    1.31 LNG Element
         As defined in Section 8.2.

    1.32 LNG Tanker
         The LNG tanker or tankers referred to in Section 4.2 to
be used by Seller for transporting LNG under this Contract.

    1.33 Loading Port
         The port located at the Badak Facility.

    1.34 M.S.A.
         The Maritime Safety Agency of Japan.

    1.35 Make-Up LNG
         As defined in Section 7.8.

    1.36 MCGCs
         As defined in Recital 2.

    1.37 MCGC Contract
         As defined in Recital 2.

    1.38 MCGC Quantities
         The quantities of LNG to be purchased and received
under the MCGC Contract.

    1.39 Natural Gas
         Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons consisting
essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-combustible
gases in a gaseous state and which is extracted from the
subsurface of the earth in its natural state, separately or
together with liquid hydrocarbons.

    1.40 Night Navigation or Berthing Restrictions
         As defined in Section 4.6(b).

    1.41 Ninety-Day Schedule
         As defined in Section 12.2.

    1.42 Non-Utilization Cost
         As defined in Section 4.8.

    1.43 NOR Position
         Tomogashima Pilot Station.

    1.44 Notice of Readiness
         As defined in Section 4.6(a).

    1.45 Operating Cost Component
         As defined in Seller's Transportation Arrangements.

    1.46 Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves
         Reserves which have been proved to a high degree of
certainty by reason of actual completion, successful testing or
in certain cases by adequate core analyses, and which are defined
areally by reasonable geological interpretation of structure and
known continuity of oil- or gas-saturated material.

    1.47 Quantity Deficiency
         As defined in Section 7.6(a).

    1.48 Receiving Facilities
         As defined in Section 5.1.

    1.49 Restoration Quantities
         As defined in Section 7.9(a).

    1.50 Round-Up Request
         As defined in Section 7.6(a)(ii).

    1.51 Safety Pledge Letter
         As defined in Section 4.4(b). 

    1.52 Seller's Facilities
         For the purposes of Section 15.1(D), Natural Gas
reservoirs or production facilities in the field, the facilities
for transportation of Natural Gas from the field, and the Badak
Facility.

    1.53 Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
         From time to time on any given date the amount of
Natural Gas required to satisfy the remaining obligations of
Seller on such date to supply LNG or Natural Gas from the Gas
Supply Area plus the amount of Natural Gas from the Gas Supply
Area required to supply any additional commitment or commitments
which Seller anticipates making.

    1.54 Seller's Suppliers
         In respect of portions of the LNG to be sold hereunder:
         (a)  Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc. and Virginia International Company;
         (b)  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.; 
         (c)  Unocal Indonesia Ltd.;
         (d)  Indonesia Petroleum Ltd.; and

such other entities that may, from time to time, execute a supply
agreement with Seller; and any successors and assigns of any of
the aforesaid suppliers who shall have agreed in writing to be
bound by all of the obligations of their respective assignors
under the applicable agreement with Seller under which such
suppliers make available for sale hereunder their respective
interests in the quantities of LNG to be sold hereunder.

    1.55 Seller's Transportation Arrangements
         The agreement(s) between Seller and Seller's
Transporter providing for the transportation of LNG hereunder,
together with any amendment, modification or supplement thereto.

    1.56 Seller's Transporter
         An entity or entities which contract with Seller to
provide transportation.

    1.57 Standard Cubic Foot (scf)
         The quantity of Natural Gas, free of water vapor,
occupying a volume of one Actual Cubic Foot at a temperature of
60.0 degrees Fahrenheit and at an absolute pressure of 14.696
pounds per square inch.

    1.58 Take-or-Pay Quantity
         As defined in Section 7.8.

    1.59 Transportation Element
         As defined in Section 8.3.

    1.60 Unloading Ports
         The ports at locations in or near Osaka and Himeji, and
at such other locations in Japan as may be agreed between Seller
and Buyer, where the Receiving Facilities are located.

    1.61 Used Laytime
         As defined in Section 4.6(a).

    1.62 Year 21 Quantity
         As defined in Section 7.1(b)(iv).

ARTICLE 2 - SALE AND PURCHASE

    Seller agrees to sell and deliver to Buyer at the Delivery
Point, and Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay for, and to
pay for if not taken, LNG, in the quantities, at the price and in
accordance with the other terms and conditions set forth in this
Contract.

ARTICLE 3 - SOURCES OF SUPPLY

    3.1  Sources of Supply
         The Natural Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and
delivered hereunder is to be produced from the Gas Supply Area.
Seller has and will maintain throughout the term of this Contract
the right and ability to perform its obligations under this
Contract to sell and deliver all quantities of LNG to be sold and
delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding any reference to Seller's
Suppliers in this Contract, Seller is fully responsible for
performance of all the obligations of Seller hereunder and no
contractual default of any of Seller's Suppliers shall excuse
Seller from its full responsibility hereunder.

    3.2  Reserves of Natural Gas
         (a)  Seller has furnished Buyer with statements, each
entitled "Certificate" and each dated January 31, 1986 or May 1,
1989 of DeGolyer and MacNaughton expressing its estimate of
Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas
Supply Area. Seller represents that such estimated quantity is in
excess of Seller's Gas Supply Obligation as of the date of this
Contract. Hereafter and throughout the term of this Contract,
before committing additional Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area
to sale or other utilization, Seller shall secure from an
independent petroleum engineering consultant firm of recognized
standing in the petroleum industry, qualified by reputation and
experience in estimating reserves of oil and natural gas in
subsurface reservoirs, the written statements (the "Certificate")
of such firm expressing its estimate of Proved Remaining
Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area in an
amount at least equal to Seller's Gas Supply Obligation. Seller
shall provide Buyer with copies of each Certificate of such
independent petroleum engineering consultant firm on which Seller
relies in making any such commitment for supply of Natural Gas
from the Gas Supply Area. Seller shall also furnish all
supporting documentation provided by such independent petroleum
engineering consultant firm in connection with the issuance of
such Certificate.

         (b)  If, during the term of this Contract, Seller
obtains information which indicates unforeseen adverse changes in
the Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of Natural Gas in the
Gas Supply Area, Seller shall promptly inform Buyer of such
situation and shall further inform Buyer of any measures which
Seller may be required to take in fulfillment of its obligations
under this Contract.

    3.3  Changes in Gas Supply Area and Seller's Suppliers
         If Seller designates additional areas covered by
production sharing contracts as Gas Supply Areas, or if Seller
includes companies other than those listed in Sections 1.54(a),
(b), (c) and (d) as Seller's Suppliers, then Seller shall give
Buyer prior notice thereof.

ARTICLE 4 - TRANSPORTATION AND UNLOADING

    4.1. Seller's Obligation to Provide Transportation
         (a)  Seller shall be responsible for the continuous
transportation of the LNG to be sold and delivered hereunder from
the Badak Facility to the Receiving Facilities, using the LNG
Tankers. Seller, after consultation and agreement with Buyer,
which agreement will not be unreasonably withheld, may, but shall
not be obligated to, use any other vessel for the transportation
of the LNG to be sold and delivered hereunder, provided that any
such vessel is compatible with the Receiving Facilities.

         (b)  Buyer shall be entitled to participate as an
observer in the negotiations between Seller and Seller's
Transporter and shall be entitled to receive all negotiation
documents relative thereto, including all drafts of Seller's
Transportation Arrangements and a signed copy thereof. Buyer
shall be entitled to participate as an observer in all meetings
between Seller and Seller's Transporter which are related to the
payments to be made by Buyer under Section 8.3 and to receive
copies of reports, including audited statements, that Seller
receives from Seller's Transporter. Seller shall consult with
Buyer prior to concluding or amending Seller's Transportation
Arrangements or exercising any rights it may have thereunder that
will affect amounts payable by Buyer under Section 8.3 and shall
make all reasonable efforts to implement any reasonable requests
of Buyer in connection therewith.

    4.2  LNG Tankers
         Each LNG Tanker shall have the following general
specifications:

LNG Tanker Capacity (at -163oC, 98.5% full) :    about 19,100
Cubic Meters
Total Deadweight on Summer Draft Extreme    :    about 11,700
metric tons
Length Overall                         :    about 151 meters
Breadth Moulded                        :    about 28 meters
Summer Draft Extreme                   :    about 7.6 meters

    4.3  Unloading Port Facilities
         Buyer, at no cost to Seller, shall ensure that its
Receiving Facilities shall be compatible with the general
specifications of the LNG Tankers as provided in Section 4.2 and
shall at all times provide, maintain and operate, or cause to be
provided, maintained and operated, facilities at such Unloading
Port, including the following:

         (a)  Berthing facilities which the LNG Tankers can
always safely reach, fully laden, and safely depart, and at which
the LNG Tankers can lie safely berthed and discharge safely
afloat at all times.

         (b)  Unloading facilities capable of receiving LNG at a
rate which will permit the discharging of cargo from a fully
loaded LNG Tanker within four and one half (4.5) hours of pumping
time at a pumping rate of 5100 Cubic Meters per hour, such
pumping rate resulting from the back pressure at the Delivery
Point generated by the unloading facilities.

         (c)  A vapor return line system of sufficient capacity
to transfer to an LNG Tanker quantities of natural gas necessary
for the safe unloading of LNG at such rates, pressures and
temperatures to be mutually agreed between Seller and Buyer.
Failing such agreement, such rates, pressures and temperatures
will be as required by the LNG Tanker design.

         (d)  Systems for timely provision of an LNG Tanker with
adequate fresh water and bunker oil, if necessary.

         (e)  Facilities allowing access to an LNG Tanker from
onshore adequate for the handling and delivery of ship's stores,
provisions and spare parts to the LNG Tanker.

         (f)  Shore-based tanks and loading lines for liquid
nitrogen adequate to service an LNG Tanker.

         (g)  LNG storage tanks of adequate capacity to receive
and store a full cargo of LNG upon each scheduled arrival of an
LNG Tanker.

         (h)  Appropriate systems for necessary radio, telex and
facsimile communication with the LNG Tankers.
    
         (i)  Regasification plant.

    4.4  Unloading Port Obligations
         (a)  Buyer shall cooperate with Seller and Seller's
Transporter, their agents and the master of each LNG Tanker
directed to an Unloading Port to ensure the continuous and
efficient delivery of LNG hereunder.

         Buyer shall provide a safe berth for prompt berthing of
an LNG Tanker at its Receiving Facility and shall operate the
Receiving Facility, or ensure that it is operated, so as to
permit discharge of each cargo of the LNG Tankers as quickly as
possible.

         During discharge of each cargo of LNG, Buyer shall
return to the LNG Tanker natural gas in such quantities as are
necessary for the safe unloading of the LNG at such rates,
pressures and temperatures as may be required by the LNG Tanker.

         (b)  Seller shall use its best efforts to cause
Seller's Transporter to take such actions as are reasonably
required by Japanese authorities to evidence responsibility for
safe operation of the LNG Tankers in accordance with the letter
of the vessel operator addressed to Japanese port authorities in
connection with permission for the LNG Tankers to enter into
Unloading Ports ("Safety Pledge Letter").

         Seller shall ensure that Seller's Transporter will
arrange for such number and types of tugs, fireboats and escort
vessels as are required by the Japanese authorities to attend the
LNG Tankers so as to permit safe and efficient movement of the
LNG Tankers within the maritime safety areas located in the
approaches to and from the Unloading Ports.

    4.5  Notices of LNG Tanker Movements and Characteristics of
LNG Cargoes.
         (a)  With respect to each cargo of LNG to be delivered
hereunder, Seller shall give, or cause the master of the LNG
Tanker to give, to Buyer at the Receiving Facility at which such
cargo is to be delivered, the following notices :

              (i)  A first notice which shall be sent upon the
                   departure of the LNG Tanker from the Loading
                   Port and which shall set forth the time and
                   date that loading was completed, the volume,
                   expressed in Cubic Meters, of LNG loaded on
                   board the LNG Tanker, and the estimated time
                   of arrival of the LNG Tanker at Buyer's
                   Unloading Port (the "ETA");

              (ii) A second notice which shall be sent ninety-
                   six (96) hours prior to the ETA;

              (iii)     A third notice which shall be sent
                        forty-eight (48) hours prior to the ETA;

              (iv) A fourth notice which shall be sent twenty-
                   four (24) hours prior to the ETA;

              (v)  A final notice which shall be sent five (5)
                   hours prior to the ETA; and

              (vi) A Notice of Readiness as provided in Section
                   4.6(a).

         (b)  Within thirty-six (36) hours after departure of
the LNG Tanker from the Loading Port, Seller shall notify Buyer,
for Buyer's information only, of the following characteristics of
the LNG comprising its cargo as determined at the time of loading
:

              (i)  the Gross Heating Value per unit, and

              (ii) the molecular percentage of hydrocarbon
                   components and nitrogen.

    4.6  Demurrage at Unloading Ports
         (a)  Upon arrival of the LNG Tanker at the NOR Position
off each Unloading Port, and subject to any mutually agreed time
restrictions, the master of the LNG Tanker or its agent shall
give notice to Buyer or its agent that such LNG Tanker is ready
to discharge LNG, berth or no berth ("Notice of Readiness"). A
Notice of Readiness may be tendered on any day of the week or any
hour of the day. Laytime used in unloading the LNG Tanker ("Used
Laytime") shall begin to count upon the earlier of :

              (i)  six (6) hours from Notice of Readiness; or

              (ii) the LNG Tanker being "all fast" in berth.

         Used Laytime shall continue to run until discharge and
return lines have been disconnected and the LNG Tanker is cleared
for departure.

         (b)  Laytime to be allowed at each Unloading Port at
which the LNG Tanker discharges LNG being delivered hereunder
("Allowed Laytime") shall be twenty-eight (28) consecutive hours
extended by any period of delay which is caused by :

              (i)  reasons attributable to Seller, the LNG
                   Tanker or its master, crew, owner or
                   operator;

              (ii) Force Majeure; provided, however, that delays
                   resulting from the application of safety
                   regulations or similar governmental action
                   shall not be considered as an event of Force
                   Majeure for the purposes hereof;

              (iii)     "Adverse Weather Conditions", which for
                        purposes hereof means weather and/or sea
                        conditions actually experienced at the
                        Unloading Port which are sufficiently
                        severe either: (A) to prevent the LNG
                        Tanker from proceeding to berth,
                        discharging or departing from berth in
                        accordance with the weather standards
                        prescribed in the M.S.A. standard
                        published regulations, including the
                        Safety Pledge Letters, or (B) to cause
                        an actual determination by the master
                        that it is unsafe for the LNG Tanker to
                        berth, discharge or depart from berth.
                        The period of delay to the LNG Tanker
                        caused by Adverse Weather Conditions
                        shall not be considered to extend past
                        the time during which such Adverse
                        Weather Conditions actually prevailed,
                        except where additional delay is caused
                        by the occupation of the berth by
                        another LNG Tanker; 

              (iv) "Night Navigation or Berthing Restrictions",
                   which for purposes hereof means governmental
                   restrictions which prevent the LNG Tanker (A)
                   having arrived at the NOR Position or within
                   the vicinity of the Unloading Port, from
                   proceeding to berth; or (B) from departing
                   from the berth; or

              (v)  Any period of delay caused by occupancy of
                   the berth:

                   (A)  By a previous LNG Tanker or an LNG
                        tanker utilized by Seller under the 1973
                        LNG Sales Contract, provided such
                        occupancy is for reasons attributable to
                        such vessel;

                   (B)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or
                        another vessel on its scheduled
                        unloading date (ignoring any change in
                        the schedule of the departure of the LNG
                        Tanker from the Loading Port); or

                   (C)  By either a previous LNG Tanker or
                        another vessel that arrived prior to the
                        LNG Tanker when the LNG Tanker arrived
                        after its scheduled unloading date
                        (ignoring any change in the LNG Tanker's
                        scheduled unloading date after departure
                        of the LNG Tanker from the Loading
                        Port), except that there shall be no
                        addition to Allowed Laytime under this
                        clause (C) either : (1) for any period
                        in excess of twenty-four (24) hours, or
                        (2) if the LNG Tanker arrived more than
                        twenty-four (24) hours prior to 0:00
                        a.m. local time on the scheduled
                        unloading date of the vessel occupying
                        the berth (unless unloading of such
                        vessel was necessary in order to
                        maintain operations of the Receiving
                        Facilities).

         (c)  In the event Used Laytime exceeds Allowed Laytime
in unloading an LNG Tanker, Buyer shall pay to Seller, or for
Seller's account if so directed by Seller, demurrage at the daily
rate (which shall be prorated for a portion of a day) determined
in accordance with the following:

         Demurrage rate =    Tcy
                              N
    Where:    Tcy  =    the total amount estimated to be payable
                        to Seller's Transporter in relation to
                        the LNG Tanker for the Fixed Quantity
                        Period in which the demurrage occurs, as
                        determined under Section 8.3 ; and

              N    =    the number of days in the Fixed Quantity
                        Period during which the LNG Tanker is in
                        service.
         
         (d)  Seller shall invoice Buyer for amounts due under
this Section 4.6 and Buyer shall pay such invoice in accordance
with the terms of Section 10.3.

    4.7. Effect of Unloading Port Delays; Excess Boil-Off
         (a)  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 11.1, if
the Gross Heating Value of LNG to be delivered hereunder is
higher than the limits set forth in Section 11.1 by reason of
boil-off occurring during a delay in unloading an LNG Tanker of
more than forty-eight (48) hours after Notice of Readiness has
been given, such LNG shall be deemed to have met the quality
specifications of this Contract regarding Gross Heating Value.

         (b)  If an LNG Tanker is delayed in berthing and/or
commencement of unloading, for reasons that would not result in
an extension of Allowed Laytime under Section 4.6(b), and if, as
a result thereof, the commencement of unloading is delayed beyond
thirty (30) hours after Notice of Readiness has been given, then
for each full hour by which commencement of unloading is delayed
beyond such thirty-hour period, Buyer shall pay Seller an amount,
on account of excess boil-off, equal to the Contract Sales Price
multiplied by the number of MMBTUs per hour by which such boil-
off reduces the aggregate number of BTUs of a full cargo at
berth. The hourly BTU reduction rate to be applied for such
purpose shall be determined by actual boil-off experience as
determined at appropriate intervals.

    4.8. Non-Utilization Cost
         (a)  If there is an event of Force Majeure affecting
Buyer which results in any LNG Tanker being less than fully
utilized, then Buyer shall pay to Seller, or for Seller's account
if so directed by Seller, on account of such non-utilization an
amount at the daily rate determined in accordance with the
following: 

    Non-Utilization rate    =     Tcy   -   VCy
                                              N  

    Where     :    Tcy  =    the total amount estimated to be
                             payable to Seller's Transporter in
                             relation to the LNG Tanker for the
                             Fixed Quantity Period in which the
                             non-utilization occurs, as
                             determined under Section 8.3; 

              Vcy  =    the total amount estimated to be payable
                        to Seller's Transporter for fuel costs
                        and port charges in relation to the LNG
                        Tanker for the Fixed Quantity Period in
                        which the non-utilization occurs; and

              N    =    the number of days in the Fixed Quantity
                        Period during which the LNG Tanker is in
                        service.

    Such amount is hereinafter called the "Non-Utilization
Cost".

         (b)  Notwithstanding the above, the Non-Utilization
Cost payable by Buyer in the event of laying up of an LNG Tanker
as a result of an event of Force Majeure affecting Buyer shall be
an amount equal to the amount payable by Seller to Seller's
Transporter with respect to such lay up period.

         (c)   If there is an event or events of Force Majeure
which simultaneously affect Buyer and one or both MCGCs, the
total of the payments due under Sections 4.8(a) or (b) and the
comparable sections of the MCGC Contract shall not exceed the
amount due hereunder, and such total shall be allocated among
Buyer and those MCGCs experiencing the event of Force Majeure in
accordance to the proportion the Fixed Quantities of Buyer and
each of such MCGCs bears to the aggregate of the Fixed Quantities
of Buyer and such MCGCs for the applicable Fixed Quantity Period
in which the non-utilization occurs.

         (d)  Any Non-Utilization Cost payable hereunder shall
be reduced to the extent that the LNG Tanker is utilized to
deliver LNG which would otherwise have been purchased and
received by Buyer to the MCGCs, or to a third party.

         (e)  Any Non-Utilization Cost shall not include any
amount which becomes payable:
    
              (i)  as the result of an event or circumstance of
                   Force Majeure affecting Seller;

              (ii) as the result of Seller's breach of its
                   obligations under this Contract; or

              (iii)     by reason of non-utilization of the LNG
                        Tanker caused by the fault or negligence
                        of such LNG Tanker or Seller's
                        Transporter, including, but not limited
                        to, the failure of Seller's Transporter
                        to satisfy Japanese authorities in
                        connection with permission for the LNG
                        Tanker to enter into Unloading Ports as
                        required pursuant to Section 4.4(b).

         (f)  In connection with each payment due under this
Section 4.8, Seller shall furnish to Buyer such available
accounting and other data as may reasonably be required by Buyer
to establish the basis upon which and the manner in which the
amount of such payment is calculated. Seller shall invoice Buyer
for amounts due under this Section 4.8 periodically and Buyer
shall pay such invoice in accordance with the terms of Section
10.3.

ARTICLE 5 - ONSHORE FACILITIES

    5.1  Receiving Facilities
         Buyer has heretofore constructed or will construct
and/or modify LNG receiving terminal facilities at the Unloading
Ports including, without limitation, berthing and unloading
facilities, LNG storage tanks, vessel services facilities and
regasification plants (the "Receiving Facilities").

    5.2  Badak Facility
         Seller has heretofore constructed or will construct
and/or modify at Bontang, East Kalimantan, liquefaction plant
facilities to be used by Seller, including, without limitation,
gas transmission pipelines, processing facilities, storage tanks,
utilities, berthing and loading facilities (the "Badak
Facility").

ARTICLE 6 - DURATION OF CONTRACT

    This Contract shall come into force and effect as of and
from the date hereof and shall continue in effect until the
expiration of the parties' respective obligations to sell and
purchase LNG as provided in Article 7 or the earlier termination
of this Contract pursuant to Section 10.5 or Article 25. If
Seller and Buyer so agree at least five (5) years before the time
this Contract would otherwise expire, the term of this Contract
may be extended on such terms and conditions as may be mutually
agreed.

ARTICLE 7 - QUANTITIES

    7.1  Fixed Quantities
         (a)  During each calendar year or portion thereof
specified below (each such period being called a "Fixed Quantity
Period"), Seller shall sell and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall
purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for if not taken, at the
Contract Sales Price, a quantity of LNG having a heating value as
specified for such Fixed Quantity Period (each such quantity
being called a "Fixed Quantity") as follows:


    Calendar  Fixed Quantity Fixed Quantities 
    Year      Period         (Billions of BTUs)
                                              
    1996      Mar - Dec 1996 4,640
    1997      Full Year 5,484
    1998      "    "         5,063
    1999      "    "         3,375
    2000      "    "         6,751
    2001      "    "         10,547
    2002      "    "         9,281
    2003      "    "         8,859
    2004      "    "         8,860
    2005      "    "         8,016
    2006      "    "         8,016
    2007      "    "         8,016
    2008      "    "         7,172
    2009      "    "         7,172
    2010      "    "         6,750
    2011      "    "         6,750
    2012      "    "         6,328
    2013      "    "         5,484
    2014      "    "         5,906
    2015      "    "         5,062

    The above Fixed Quantities are subject to adjustment as
provided in Sections 7.1(b), 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.6 (a)(i) and 7.6
(a)(iii). After giving effect to any such adjustment, the term
"Fixed Quantity" shall mean the applicable Fixed Quantity as so
adjusted, and the respective obligations of Seller to sell and
deliver, and Buyer to purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for
if not taken, Fixed Quantities of LNG in any Fixed Quantity
Period, shall apply to the applicable Fixed Quantities as so
adjusted.

         (b)  The Fixed Quantity of Buyer for any Fixed Quantity
Period may be reduced by the exercise of an adjustment ("Downward
Adjustment") as follows:

              (i)  Buyer shall have the right to exercise a
                   Downward Adjustment only by giving notice
                   that is received by Seller not later than
                   October 15 of the year preceding the DA
                   Period, and/or not later than October 31 of
                   the DA Period, subject to the limits in
                   subparagraph (ii) below. Each such notice
                   shall state that it constitutes an exercise
                   of a Downward Adjustment. Notice of exercise
                   of a Downward Adjustment shall be effective
                   and irrevocable upon Seller's receipt
                   thereof.

              (ii) The total amount by which the Fixed Quantity
                   of Buyer may be reduced shall not exceed ten
                   percent (10%) of the sum of Buyer's Fixed
                   Quantity under Section 7.1(a) (but without
                   any adjustment pursuant to Sections
                   7.1(b)(i), 7.6(a)(i) or 7.6(a)(iii)), and the
                   MCGC Quantities (but without any adjustment
                   pursuant to Section 7.6(a)(i) or 7.6(a)(iii)
                   of the MCGC Contract), for the DA Period.

              (iii)     The cumulative aggregate amounts by
                        which Buyer reduces its Fixed Quantities
                        for all Fixed Quantity Periods shall not
                        exceed fifty percent (50%) of the sum of
                        Buyer's Fixed Quantity under Section
                        7.1(a) (but without any adjustment
                        pursuant to Sections 7.1(b)(i),
                        7.6(a)(i) or 7.6(a)(iii)), and the MCGC
                        Quantities (but without any adjustment
                        pursuant to Section 7.6(a)(i) or
                        7.6(a)(iii) of the MCGC Contract), for
                        the DA Period.

              (iv) If by notice to Buyer not later than December
                   31, 2012 Seller shall so require, Buyer shall
                   in the period prescribed in paragraph (A)
                   below, commencing on January 1, 2016, take
                   and pay for, and pay for if not taken, a
                   quantity of LNG ("Year 21 Quantity") equal to
                   the aggregate amount by which Buyer (by the
                   exercise of Downward Adjustments) reduces its
                   Fixed Quantities during all Fixed Quantity
                   Periods (including the years 2013, 2014 and
                   2015). For this purpose:

                   (A)  The period within which Buyer shall take
                        and pay for the Year 21 Quantity shall
                        be a fraction of a year, such fraction
                        calculated as the Year 21 Quantity (in
                        billions of BTUs) divided by ninety
                        percent (90%)of the sum of Buyer's Fixed
                        Quantity under Section 7.1(a) (but
                        without any adjustment pursuant to
                        Sections 7.1(b)(i), 7.6(a)(i) or
                        7.6(a)(iii)), and the MCGC Quantities
                        (but without any adjustment pursuant to
                        Section 7.6(a)(i) or 7.6(a)(iii) of the
                        MCGC Contract), for the Fixed Quantity
                        Period in 2015;

                   (B)  Such period shall be a Fixed Quantity
                        Period only for the Year 21 Quantity,
                        and the Year 21 Quantity shall be a
                        Fixed Quantity for Buyer for such
                        period; and

                   (C)  The Year 21 Quantity shall be sold and
                        delivered, and purchased and received,
                        under and upon the terms of this
                        Contract, except that Buyer may not
                        exercise a Downward Adjustment in
                        respect thereof.

    7.2. Permanent Decrease in Fixed Quantities
         The Fixed Quantities set forth in Section 7.1(a) shall
be decreased for the remainder of the contract term if and to the
extent that the MCGCs increase the MCGC Quantities pursuant to
Section 7.2(a) of the MCGC Contract. If, pursuant to Section
7.2(b) of the MCGC Contract, the date of first delivery is
postponed beyond March 1, 1996 or the date for introduction of
the second LNG Tanker is changed from July 1, 2000, Seller and
Buyer shall agree upon appropriate adjustments to the Fixed
Quantities for each Fixed Quantity Period affected by such
change.

    7.3. Annual Adjustment to Fixed Quantities
         (a)  If, pursuant to Section 7.3 of the MCGC Contract,
an MCGC requests adjustment of its part of the MCGC Quantities,
then upon such request, adjustment shall be made to the Fixed
Quantity pursuant to Sections 7.3(b) and (c) below. The Fixed
Quantity as so adjusted shall become the Fixed Quantity for the
applicable Fixed Quantity Period. If no request for adjustment is
made then the Fixed Quantity shall be that Fixed Quantity
determined pursuant to Sections 7.1 and 7.2.

         (b)  If, pursuant to Section 7.3(a) of the MCGC
Contract, an MCGC requests upward adjustment of its part of the
MCGC Quantities, Seller shall reduce by a like amount the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered by Seller to Buyer
hereunder.

         (c)  If, pursuant to Section 7.3.(a) of the MCGC
Contract, an MCGC requests downward adjustment of its part of the
MCGC Quantities, Seller shall increase by a like amount the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered by Seller to Buyer
hereunder.

    7.4  Adjustment to Fixed Quantities at Time of Ninety-Day
Schedules
         If, pursuant to Section 7.4 of the MCGC Contract, an
MCGC wishes to increase or reduce its part of the MCGC
Quantities, then, to the extent the MCGCs and Buyer agree, such
increase or decrease shall be made and there shall be a like
decrease or increase in the Fixed Quantity of Buyer hereunder in
respect of the applicable Fixed Quantity Period.

    7.5  Single Port Cargoes; Rate of Deliveries
         (a)  All deliveries of LNG by Seller and receipt
thereof by Buyer shall be made in Full Cargo Lots and each LNG
Tanker cargo shall be unloaded at a single Receiving Facility in
Japan.

         (b)  Within each Fixed Quantity Period the quantities
to be delivered by Seller and received by Buyer at the Receiving
Facilities, together with the quantities to be delivered by
Seller and received by the MCGCs, shall be delivered and received
at rates and intervals which are reasonably constant over the
course of such Fixed Quantity Period, after taking into account
all commitments of the Badak Facility and taking into
consideration the drydocking, maintenance, downtime, and other
matters referred to in Article 12, so as to assure, as nearly as
practicable, continuous full utilization of the LNG Tankers and
an even production rate at the Badak Facility.

    7.6  Quantity Deficiency
         (a)  If, during any Fixed Quantity Period, Buyer should
fail to take the full Fixed Quantity applicable thereto, Buyer
shall pay Seller, at the Contract Sales Price in effect as of the
last day of such Fixed Quantity Period, for the quantities of LNG
required to be purchased but which were not taken during such
Fixed Quantity Period (any such quantities being called a
"Quantity Deficiency"), subject, however, to paragraphs (b) and
(c) below and the following:

              (i)  If, after taking into account all adjustments
                   provided for in Sections 7.6(b) and (c), the
                   Quantity Deficiency at the end of any Fixed
                   Quantity Period amounts to less than one Full
                   Cargo Lot, the amount of such Quantity
                   Deficiency shall be carried forward and added
                   to the Fixed Quantity for the next succeeding
                   Fixed Quantity Period.

              (ii) If, at the time each Annual Program is
                   developed, the Quantity Deficiency for the
                   applicable year is estimated to amount to
                   less than a Full Cargo Lot, Buyer shall have
                   the right to request an increase in the
                   quantities which Buyer wishes to take in such
                   year in an amount sufficient to fill out such
                   cargo (such right being herein referred to as
                   a "Round-Up Request"). Any such Round-Up
                   Request shall not, however, increase the
                   Fixed Quantity of Buyer. If Buyer does not
                   make a Round-Up Request, or if Seller does
                   not accept such Round-Up Request, the non-
                   delivery of the partial cargo of Fixed
                   Quantity shall not constitute a failure of
                   Seller to make LNG available for sale for the
                   purpose of paragraph (b) below.

              (iii)     If, at the end of any Fixed Quantity
                        Period, Buyer has purchased and received
                        quantities of LNG hereunder in excess of
                        the Fixed Quantity for such Fixed
                        Quantity Period other than Make-Up LNG
                        or Restoration Quantities, the excess
                        shall be applicable to reduce the Fixed
                        Quantity for the next succeeding Fixed
                        Quantity Period.

         (b)  The obligation (set forth in paragraph (a) above)
with regard to any Fixed Quantity Period to pay for the Fixed
Quantity to the extent not taken shall be reduced by the quantity
of LNG which Buyer was unable to purchase because of an event of
Force Majeure affecting either Seller or Buyer or because of
Seller's failure for any other reason to make such quantity
available for sale in accordance with this Contract.

         (c)  In calculating the quantity of LNG delivered by
Seller and purchased by Buyer for each Fixed Quantity Period,
quantities delivered and purchased within the first seven (7)
days of the next following Fixed Quantity Period shall be
included, provided such quantities were scheduled in the Annual
Program for the Fixed Quantity Period with respect to which the
calculation is being made.

    7.7  Allocation of Deliveries Between Buyer and Other
Purchasers
         (a)  Whenever deliveries of LNG by Seller under this
Contract must be reduced by reason of Force Majeure affecting
Seller's ability to produce or load LNG from the Badak Facility,
an allocation of quantities then available for sale at the Badak
Facility will be made between Buyer and other purchasers of LNG
from the Badak Facility. At such times the total quantities
available for sale from the Badak Facility shall be allocated
among the purchasers therefrom (including Buyer) pro rata in the
ratio of their respective quantities which are eligible for
allocation as provided below. The quantities eligible for such
allocation shall, as to Buyer, be the Fixed Quantities to be
purchased hereunder during the period of such Force Majeure and,
as to other purchasers, be those fixed or contract quantities of
LNG which are committed for sale from the Badak Facility during
the period of such Force Majeure in satisfaction of Seller's
contracts with other purchasers which provide for sales of LNG
over a term of at least fifteen (15) years.

         (b)  If such Force Majeure does not preclude full
production and loading of all Fixed Quantities under the
allocation formula described in paragraph (a) above but is of
such an extent as to prevent Seller from producing and loading
all Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities scheduled for delivery
from the Badak Facility to Buyer and equivalent quantities
(including quantities required to make good any exercise of an
allowance) scheduled for delivery from the Badak Facility to
other purchasers under LNG sales contracts which provide for
sales over a term of at least fifteen (15) years, quantities of
such LNG as are available shall be allocated between Buyer and
such other purchasers in proportion to the respective quantities
so scheduled.

    7.8  Make-Up LNG
         If pursuant to Section 7.6(a) Buyer shall have paid for
any quantity of LNG which was not taken by Buyer ("Take-or-Pay
Quantity"), then in any subsequent year Buyer may purchase up to
an equal quantity of LNG from Seller as make-up LNG ("Make-Up
LNG") to the extent not previously made up. Buyer may request
Make-Up LNG by giving written notice to Seller as provided in
Section 12.1. If, during any year for which Make-Up LNG has been
requested.

              (i)  Seller has uncommitted quantities of LNG
                   available for such purposes,

              (ii) Seller has available LNG Tanker capacity
                   which may be used to transport such Make-Up
                   LNG, and

              (iii)     Buyer shall have first taken and paid
                        for its Fixed Quantity for such year,

then Seller shall sell to Buyer the quantity of Make-Up LNG
requested.

         Buyer's right to purchase Make-Up LNG under this
Section 7.8 shall expire twelve (12) months after:

              (A)  if Buyer is required to purchase a Year 21
                   Quantity, the end of the period prescribed in
                   Section 7.1(b)(iv)(A), or

              (B)  if Buyer is not required to purchase a Year
                   21 Quantity or there is no such quantity for
                   Buyer, the end of the last Fixed Quantity
                   Period,

unless Buyer shall have requested Make-Up LNG during the
preceding twelve (12) months and the Make-Up LNG requested shall
not have been delivered to Buyer. In such circumstance, the
parties shall consult and agree upon a deferred schedule for
Buyer to take delivery of any outstanding balance of Take-or-Pay
Quantity.

         Buyer shall pay for Make-Up LNG at the Contract Sales
Price in effect as of the date of delivery, reduced by the amount
previously paid on account of the Take-or-Pay Quantity, or the
part thereof, being made up by such sale. Take-or-Pay Quantities
shall be made up, and prior payments applicable thereto applied,
in the same chronological order in which such quantities accrued.

    7.9  Force Majeure Deficiency
         (a)  If during any Fixed Quantity Period or Fixed
Quantity Periods all or any portion of the Fixed Quantity of LNG
required to be taken by Buyer therein is not delivered by Seller
or taken by Buyer by reason of Force Majeure (any such quantity
not taken for such reason being called a "Force Majeure
Deficiency"), Seller and Buyer shall each make best efforts to
restore the  Force Majeure Deficiency in full by Seller selling
and Buyer purchasing such quantities of LNG prior to the
expiration of the last Fixed Quantity Period. The restoration
quantities so agreed ("Restoration Quantities") will be scheduled
for delivery pursuant to Article 12 at the mutual convenience of
the parties. Such Restoration Quantities shall be subordinate to
Make-Up LNG requested pursuant to Section 7.8.

         (b)  If an event of Force Majeure prevents or delays
the performance by Buyer of its obligations under this Contract
and causes a reduction in deliveries of LNG, and Seller sells to
third parties quantities of LNG which Buyer is unable to
purchase, then the Force Majeure Deficiency shall be reduced by
the amount, if any, that the Seller's Gas Supply Obligation
(including amounts so sold to third parties) exceeds the estimate
of Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves stated in the most
recent Certificate as a result of such sales.

         (c)  Buyer's obligation to restore a Force Majeure
Deficiency shall be reduced to the extent that the Fixed Quantity
is taken and paid for by the MCGCs.

    7.10 Allocation of Make-Up LNG and Restoration Quantities
         Whenever Make-Up LNG is requested under Section 7.8
and/or Restoration Quantities are requested under Section 7.9(a)
by Buyer, and quantities are requested for similar purposes
(including quantities required to make good any exercise of an
allowance) by other purchasers from the Badak Facility, and
uncommitted quantities of LNG are not available from the Badak
Facility to meet all such requests, then the quantities of LNG
which are available from the Badak Facility for such purposes
shall be allocated, as between Buyer on the one hand and such
other purchasers on the other hand, based on the proportion of
the fixed or contract quantities of each requesting purchaser
(including Buyer) to the total of the fixed or contract
quantities of all of the requesting purchasers.

    7.11 Additional Quantities
         If at the time of making the Annual Program for the
next Fixed Quantity Period Seller anticipates, on a reasonable
basis, that the actual capacity of the LNG Tankers will exceed
the sum of Fixed Quantities, Make-Up LNG, Restoration Quantities,
and quantities for which a Round-Up Request has been accepted, of
Buyer and the MCGCs in the next Fixed Quantity Period, then
(provided Seller has uncommitted production capacity available)
Seller shall offer to Buyer additional quantities of LNG
("Additional Quantities") to the extent of such excess capacity
anticipated at the time of making the Annual Program for such
Fixed Quantity Period. To the extent that Seller's offer is 
accepted by Buyer at the time of making such Annual Program,
Seller shall sell and deliver, and Buyer shall purchase and
receive, as Fixed Quantities hereunder, such Additional
Quantities during the Fixed Quantity Period to which such Annual
Program relates upon the terms and conditions herein contained.
Buyer and the MCGCs shall coordinate their requests for
Additional Quantities under this Contract and for quantities
under Section 7.11 of the MCGC Contract so that the sum of such
requests for such quantities shall not exceed the Additional
Quantities available for delivery. Additional Quantities shall be
subject to adjustment in accordance with Sections 7.3(c) and 7.4.

         Notwithstanding the above, Seller shall not be
responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever incurred to or by
Buyer as a result of Seller's inability to transport the
Additional Quantities to Buyer. 

ARTICLE 8 - CONTRACT SALES PRICE

    8.1  Contract Sales Price
         The contract sales price ("Contract Sales Price")
applicable to the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered at
the Delivery Point and to any quantities of LNG required to be
taken but which are not taken and are required to be paid for by
Buyer under this Contract, expressed in United States Dollars per
million British Thermal Units (U.S.$/MMBTU), shall comprise a
transportation element (the "Transportation Element") and an LNG
element (the "LNG Element") and shall be determined in accordance
with the following provisions of this Article 8.

         The Transportation Element and the LNG Element are
subject to adjustment from time to time according to the
following provisions of this Article 8, and the sum thereof as
adjusted and in effect at any time shall be the Contract Sales
Price which is in effect hereunder at such time. The Contract
Sales Price to be applied to the BTUs comprising each cargo shall
be that Contract Sales Price in effect as of the date of
completion of unloading of such cargo.

    8.2  LNG Element
         (a)  The LNG Element included in the Contract Sales
Price, as adjusted from time to time, shall be determined
according to the following formula :

              LEx  =    A x I

         where :

              LEx  =    the adjusted LNG element, expressed in
U.S.$/MMBTU;

              A    =    0.156 ;

              I    =    the arithmetic average of the realized
                        export prices in U.S. Dollars per
                        barrel, f.o.b. Indonesia, of all field
                        classifications of Indonesian crude oils
                        then being sold and exported, except
                        premiums and except such prices for spot
                        sales.

         (b)  A redetermination of "I" in the formula in Section
8.2(a) shall be made as of each effective date on which either :

              (i)  the realized export prices (except premiums
                   and except prices for spot sales) of more
                   than one of the field classifications of
                   Indonesian crude oils then being sold and
                   exported shall have changed from the
                   respective prices therefor included in the
                   last preceding determination of "I" pursuant
                   to this Section 8.2(b), or

              (ii) two or more field classifications of such
                   crude oils shall have been added to or
                   deleted from the field classifications of
                   crude oils being exported from Indonesia
                   since the date of the last preceding
                   determination of "I" made pursuant to this
                   Section 8.2(b).

         The export price and classification data required to
make the above determination shall be verified by the Ministry of
Mines and Energy of the Republic of Indonesia.

    8.3  Transportation Element
         The Transportation Element included in the Contract
Sales Price as adjusted from time to time shall be calculated
initially, and adjusted from time to time, in accordance with the
formula set forth below.

         Annually, effective as of January 1 of each year during
the term of this Contract, the Transportation Element shall be
calculated in accordance with the following formula :
              TEx  =     TC     -    D
                    FQ
         where:
              TEx  =    the adjusted Transportation Element,
                        expressed in U.S.$/MMBTU;
              TC   =    TC1 + TC2 ;

         where:

              TC1  =    in respect of the first LNG Tanker, the
                        estimate of the total transportation
                        costs payable to Seller's Transporter
                        under Seller's Transportation
                        Arrangements for the applicable Fixed
                        Quantity Period, expressed in U.S.
                        Dollars;

              TC2  =    in respect of the second LNG Tanker, the
                        estimate of the total transportation
                        costs  payable to Seller's Transporter
                        under Seller's Transportation
                        Arrangements for the applicable Fixed
                        Quantity Period, expressed in U.S.
                        Dollars;

              FQ   =    the aggregate of the Fixed Quantities of
                        Buyer and the MCGCs (and any quantities
                        purchased pursuant to a Round-Up Request
                        by Buyer and/or the MCGCs accepted by
                        Seller) as reflected in the Annual
                        Program for the applicable Fixed
                        Quantity Period, expressed in MMBTUs;

              D    =    U.S.$ 0.15 /MMBTU.

         In connection with each annual adjustment of the
Transportation Element, Seller shall furnish to Buyer such
available estimates, accounting and other data as may reasonably
be required by Buyer to establish the basis upon which and the
manner in which such adjustment is calculated. Seller shall
permit Buyer to review the reasonableness of the current year
estimated Operating Cost Component and prior year results in
conjunction with Seller's review as provided for in Seller's
Transportation Arrangements, shall use its best efforts to
provide Buyer full access to periodic review procedures of
Seller's Transporter's operation established thereunder, and, in
consultation and agreement with Buyer, shall appoint independent
auditors to audit the Operating Cost Component pursuant thereto
for the immediately preceding Fixed Quantity Period. Seller,
independently, or at Buyer's request, shall challenge the
inclusion of any unreasonable or unjustified item or amount that
affects the hire rate under Seller's Transportation Arrangements.


    8.4  Annual Reconciliation of Transportation Costs
         After receipt of the report of the independent auditors
referred to in Section 8.3 and discussions between Seller, Buyer
and the MCGCs (provided that no party shall unreasonably
challenge the conclusions of such independent audit), Buyer and
the MCGCs will pay to Seller (or Seller will pay to Buyer and the
MCGCs as the case may be) the difference between:  
         
              (i)  the total transportation costs paid by Seller
                   to Seller's Transporter in respect of the
                   immediately preceding Fixed Quantity Period,
                   and

              (ii) the sum of all transportation - related costs
                   paid by Buyer and the MCGCs to Seller in
                   respect of the immediately preceding Fixed
                   Quantity Period, and the amount attributable
                   to D for such Fixed Quantity Period. This
                   amount is herein referred to as the "Actual
                   Amount", and will be calculated in accordance
                   with the following formula:

         Actual Amount  =  (TEx x FQx) + (D x FQx) + NC +
0.35(DEM)

         where:

              FQx  =    in respect of Buyer and the MCGCs, the
                        quantities delivered during the
                        applicable Fixed Quantity Period
                        together with any Quantity Deficiency
                        for such period;

              NC   =    the total amount, in U.S. Dollars, of
                        Non-Utilization Costs, if any, paid by
                        Buyer or the MCGCs during the applicable
                        Fixed Quantity Period;

              DEM  =    the total amount, in U.S. Dollars, of
                        demurrage payments, if any, paid by
                        Buyer or the MCGCs during the Fixed
                        Quantity Period.

Such payment will be payable by or paid to Buyer and the MCGCs in
proportion to Buyer's and the MCGCs' Fixed Quantities (and any
quantities purchased pursuant to a Round-Up Request by such Buyer
and/or the MCGCs accepted by Seller) during the immediately
preceding Fixed Quantity Period.

         Seller shall invoice Buyer, or Buyer shall invoice
Seller, for amounts due under this Section 8.4, and Buyer or
Seller (as the case may be) shall pay such invoice no later than
twenty (20) calendar days after the date of receipt thereof.

    8.5  Second LNG Tanker
         (a)  At any time prior to July 1, 1996, Buyer and the
MCGCs may bring to the attention of Seller the availability of an
LNG tanker, and Seller shall give consideration to same. Buyer
and the MCGCs, after having participated as observers in the
negotiations between Seller and Seller's Transporter in relation
to the second LNG Tanker, shall jointly accept in writing the
cost of transportation relating to the second LNG Tanker, as
shown in the agreement which Seller proposes as Seller's
Transportation Arrangements. Such acceptance in writing from
Buyer and the MCGCs shall be given within twenty-one (21) days
after Buyer and the MCGCs have received a copy of the agreement
which Seller proposes as Seller's Transportation Arrangements.
Upon receipt by Seller of such written acceptance, the adjusted
Transportation Element applicable to the quantities of LNG to be
delivered on the LNG Tankers for the applicable Fixed Quantity
Period shall be calculated by including the costs payable to
Seller's Transporter for the second LNG Tanker in the calculation
of TC under Section 8.3, commencing with the Fixed Quantity
Period the second LNG Tanker delivers its first cargo hereunder.

         (b)  If Buyer and the MCGCs do not jointly accept the
cost of transportation relative to such second LNG Tanker, then
Seller, Buyer, and the MCGCs shall meet to discuss the
availability of alternative methods of transporting the
quantities of LNG which would have been carried by the second LNG
Tanker. If agreement on an alternative is not reached within six
(6) months of Seller's presentation of its proposed Seller's
Transportation Arrangements, this Contract shall ipso facto be
deemed amended to reflect the non-introduction of the second LNG
Tanker and the reduction in the Fixed Quantities of Buyer and the
MCGCs resulting therefrom, such that the aggregate of the Fixed
Quantities of Buyer and the MCGCs do not exceed a maximum of
10,125 Billion BTUs for all subsequent Fixed Quantity Periods.

ARTICLE 9 - TRANSFER OF TITLE

    The LNG to be sold by Seller and purchased by Buyer
hereunder shall be delivered to Buyer into its Receiving Facility
at an Unloading Port. Delivery shall be deemed completed and
title and risk of loss shall pass from Seller to Buyer as the LNG
passes the Delivery Point.

ARTICLE 10 - INVOICES AND PAYMENT

  10.1 Cargo Invoices and Documents
       Promptly after completion of each unloading of an LNG
Tanker, Seller, or its representative, shall furnish to Buyer, or
Buyer's Representative, a certificate of volume unloaded together
with such other documents concerning the cargo as may be
reasonably requested by Buyer for the purpose of Japanese customs
clearance.

       As soon as possible but not later than forty-eight (48)
hours after completion of unloading, Buyer shall complete a
laboratory analysis to determine the quality and BTU content of
the LNG and furnish to Seller, or to its representative, a
certificate with respect thereto.

       Promptly upon completion of such analysis, Seller, or
its representative, shall furnish by telex or telegram to Buyer
an invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars, in the amount of the Contract
Sales Price for the number of BTUs sold and delivered. At the
same time, Seller shall send Buyer a signed copy of the invoice
and relevant documents showing the basis for the calculation
thereof.

       If Buyer has not completed the above mentioned quality
and BTU analysis within the forty-eight-hour period mentioned
above, Seller may furnish a provisional commercial invoice based
upon the typical BTU content and typical mole composition
analysis of LNG then being delivered to Buyer, and such
provisional invoice shall be payable on the due date specified in
Section 10.3 subject only to any later adjusting payment which
may be called for when the aforesaid analysis has been completed.

  10.2 Other Invoices
       In the event that any moneys are due from Buyer to
Seller, including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant
to Sections 4.6, 4.7(b), 4.8, and 7.6 and Article 14, then Seller
shall furnish or cause to be furnished to Buyer an invoice by
telex or telegram therefor and relevant documents showing the
basis for the calculation thereof. The procedure set forth in
Section 10.1 for sending a signed copy of such invoice shall be
followed.

  10.3 Invoice Due Dates
       Each invoice to Buyer referred to in Section 10.1 above
shall become due and payable by Buyer on the fifth (5th) Business
Day in Japan after the date on which the invoice (which may be in
telex or telegraphic form) has been received by Buyer in Japan.
For this purpose a telex/telegraphic copy of an invoice shall be
deemed received by Buyer in Japan on the next Business Day in
Japan following the day on which it was sent.

       Each other invoice to Buyer hereunder shall become due
and payable by Buyer on the twentieth (20th) calendar day after
the date of Buyer's receipt of such invoice in Japan.

       If any invoice due date is not a Business Day in Japan,
such invoice shall become due and payable on the next day which
is a Business Day in Japan.

       In the event the full amount of any invoice is not paid
when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest,
compounded annually, from and including the day following the due
date up to and including the date when payment is made, at an
interest rate two percent (2%) greater than the Base Rate in
effect from time to time during the period of delinquency. Such
interest rate shall be adjusted up or down, as the case may be,
to reflect any changes in the Base Rate as of the dates of such
changes in the Base Rate.

  10.4 Payment
       Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars
all amounts which become due and payable by Buyer pursuant to any
invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account or accounts in the
United States to be designated by Seller.  Buyer shall not be
responsible for such bank's disbursement of amounts remitted by
Buyer to such bank, and Buyer's deposit in immediately available
funds of the full amount of each invoice with such bank shall
constitute full discharge and satisfaction of the obligations
under this Contract for which such amounts were remitted.  Each
payment by Buyer of any amount owing hereunder shall be in the
full amount due without reduction or offset for any reason,
including, without limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank
transfer charges.

       Transfer of funds to the Seller's bank in the United
States effected from Japan before the close of business in Japan
on or before the due date of any invoice shall be deemed timely
payment notwithstanding that such U.S. bank cannot credit such
transfer as immediately available funds for a period of up to
fourteen (14) hours by reason of the time difference between
Japan and the United States, or for one or more days which are
not banking days in the United States.

  10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
       If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG sold
hereunder or for Fixed Quantities of LNG not taken and for which
Buyer is obligated to pay pursuant to this Contract is not made
in accordance with this Contract within sixty (60) days after the
due date thereof, Seller shall be entitled, upon giving thirty
(30) days' written notice to Buyer and the MCGCs, to suspend
subsequent deliveries to Buyer under this Contract until the
amount of such invoice and interest thereon has been paid, and
Buyer shall not be entitled to any make-up rights in respect of
such suspended deliveries.  If any such invoice is not paid
within one hundred twenty (120) days after the due date thereof,
then, subject to the further provisions of this Section 10.5,
upon not less then eighty (80) days' notice to Buyer and the
MCGCs, Seller may terminate this Contract.

       Termination by Seller under this Section 10.5 shall
become effective upon the date specified in such notice from
Seller.  Any such termination shall be without prejudice to any
other rights and remedies of Seller arising hereunder or by law
or otherwise, including the right of Seller to receive payment of
all obligations and claims which arose or accrued prior to such
termination or by reason of such default by Buyer.

  10.6 Seller's Rights Upon MCGCs' Failure to Make Payment
       (a)  If payment of any invoice for quantities of LNG
sold to an MCGC under the MCGC Contract or for fixed quantities
of LNG not taken and for which such MCGC is obligated to pay
pursuant to the MCGC Contract is not made in accordance with the
MCGC Contract within sixty (60) days after the due date thereof,
Seller shall be entitled, upon giving thirty (30) days' written
notice to Buyer and such MCGC, to suspend subsequent deliveries
to such MCGC and, for the duration of such suspension, to sell
and deliver to Buyer the quantities of LNG which would otherwise
have been purchased and received by such MCGC and Buyer's Fixed
Quantities shall be increased correspondingly.

       (b)  If any such invoice is not paid within one hundred
and twenty (120) days after the due date thereof, Seller shall be
entitled, upon not less than eighty (80) days' notice to Buyer
and the MCGCs, to terminate the MCGC Contract in respect of the
defaulting MCGC in which event the quantities of LNG which would
otherwise have been purchased and received by such defaulting
MCGC shall be sold and delivered to Buyer hereunder and Buyer's
Fixed Quantities shall be increased correspondingly.

  10.7 Disputed Invoices
       (a)  Subject to Section 10.7(b) below, in the event of
disagreement concerning any invoice, Buyer shall make provisional
payment of the total amount thereof and shall immediately notify
Seller of the reasons for such disagreement, except that in the
case of obvious error in computation the correct amount shall be
paid disregarding such error.

       (b)  In the event of disagreement arising under Article
13 which results in a dispute concerning the amount of any
invoice issued to Buyer :

            (i)  Buyer shall make provisional payment of the
                 amount which is believed to be correct and
                 shall immediately notify Seller of the
                 reasons for such disagreement, except that in
                 case of obvious error in computation the
                 correct amount shall be paid disregarding
                 such error; and

            (ii) Buyer shall make provisional payment of the
                 amount in dispute to an interest bearing
                 escrow account established and controlled
                 jointly by Seller and Buyer.  The amount in
                 dispute (including account interest thereon)
                 shall remain in the escrow account until
                 resolution of the disagreement, after which
                 the amount shall be paid to the party
                 entitled thereto. 

       (c)  Invoices may be contested or modified only if,
within a period of ninety (90) days after receipt thereof, Buyer
or Seller serves notice on the other, questioning their
correctness. If no such notice is served, invoices shall be
deemed correct and accepted by both parties. Promptly after
resolution of any dispute as to an invoice, the amount of any
overpayment or underpayment shall be paid by Seller or Buyer to
the other, as the case may be, plus interest at the rate provided
in Section 10.3 from the date payment was due to the date of
payment.

ARTICLE 11 - QUALITY

  11.1 Gross Heating Value
       The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyer shall have,
in a gaseous state, a Gross Heating Value of not less than 1070
BTU per Standard Cubic Foot and not more than 1170 BTU per
Standard Cubic Foot. The expected range will be between 1110 and
1165 BTU per Standard Cubic Foot.

  11.2 Components
       The LNG when delivered by Seller to Buyer shall, in a
gaseous state, contain not less than eighty-five molecular
percentage (85 mol%) of methane (CH4) and, for the components and
substances listed below, such LNG shall not contain more than the
following:

       A.   Nitrogen (N2), 1.0 mol%.
       B.   Butanes (C4) and heavier, 2.00 mol%.
       C.   Pentanes (C5) and heavier, 0.10 mol%.
       D.   Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), 0.25 grains per 100
            Standard Cubic Feet (0.25 grains/100 scf).
       E.   Total sulfur content, 1.3 grains per 100 Standard
            Cubic Feet (1.3 grains/100 scf).

       Although the LNG which Seller delivers to Buyer is
permitted to contain the sulfur concentrations shown in clauses D
and E above, under normal operating conditions at the Badak
Facility, Seller would expect such concentrations to be
materially less.

       Should any question regarding quality of the LNG arise,
Buyer and Seller shall consult and cooperate concerning such 
question.

ARTICLE 12 - SCHEDULING

  12.1 Annual Program
       (a)  Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the
beginning of each calendar year commencing with the year in which
the first Fixed Quantity Period occurs, Seller shall give written
notice to Buyer of the anticipated quantities of LNG to be
available for sale hereunder from the Badak Facility for each
calendar quarter of the next calendar year. On or before October
15 of each year in which such notice is given,  Buyer shall
advise Seller in writing of the quantities Buyer wishes to take
during each calendar quarter of the following year, specifying
the amount of any Make-Up LNG, any Restoration Quantities (in
addition to Fixed Quantities), and any Additional Quantities
requested pursuant to Article 7.

       Seller and Buyer shall thereupon consult together with
a view to reaching agreement by December 1st of the same year and
Seller shall issue a programming schedule, including provisional
loading dates, for quantities to be delivered to each Receiving
Facility and to the receiving facilities of the MCGCs during each
calendar month during the following year (the "Annual Program"),
taking into consideration the contents of the above notices and
the Coordinated Maintenance Schedule. The Annual Program shall
take into account Seller's commitments to other purchasers of LNG
from the Badak Facility. Such Annual Program and the Ninety-Day
Schedules referred to below (and any revisions thereof) are
intended to assist the parties in planning their respective
operations during the periods involved.

       The content of the Annual Program and Ninety-Day
Schedules shall not reduce the entitlement of any party during
any Fixed Quantity Period to sell and be paid for, or to purchase
and receive, as the case may be, the quantities of LNG required
under Article 7 to be sold and paid for during such Fixed
Quantity Period. Seller and Buyer will each take all appropriate
steps to carry out each Annual Program and Ninety-Day Schedule.

       (b)  An Annual Program shall be amended to reflect
requests for:

            (i)  Make-Up LNG relating to a Take-or-Pay
                 Quantity paid for in respect of the
                 immediately preceding year; and

            (ii) Restoration Quantities relating to a Force
                 Majeure Deficiency arising in respect of the
                 immediately preceding year;

provided that the requested LNG and the necessary transportation
is available and such requests are received by Seller not later
than January 15 of the year to which such Annual Program relates.

     12.2 Ninety-Day Schedules
          Not later than the fifteenth (15th) day of each
calendar month, Seller shall, after discussion with Buyer,
deliver to Buyer a three-month forward plan of delivery (the
"Ninety-Day Schedule"), which follows the applicable Annual
Program (or most current draft thereof) as nearly as practicable
and sets forth by voyages and the projected dates thereof the
pattern of shipments forecast for each of the next three (3)
calendar months. Each Ninety-Day Schedule shall reflect all
adjustments, if any, necessitated by deviation from prior Ninety-
Day Schedules so as to maintain as far as practicable the
scheduled shipments forecast in the Annual Program. Both parties
shall cooperate to facilitate smooth performance of the Ninety-
Day Schedule. After consultation with Buyer, Seller shall revise
the Ninety-Day Schedule when appropriate to meet operational
requirements with the overall objective of fulfilling the Annual
Program as far as practicable, taking into account any requests
of Buyer for adjustments.

     12.3 Maintenance and Inspection Coordination
          Not later than ninety (90) days prior to the beginning
of each Fixed Quantity Period, Seller and Buyer shall consult and
agree on a program (the "Coordinated Maintenance Schedule")
designed to coordinate the scheduled drydocking and maintenance
of the LNG Tankers and the anticipated maintenance/inspection
downtime of the Badak Facility and the Receiving Facilities of
Buyer during that Fixed Quantity Period, and to minimize the
collective impact thereof on continuous delivery of LNG
hereunder, if and to the extent such drydocking, maintenance and
downtime is expected to affect deliveries of LNG hereunder.

     12.4 Coordination of Scheduling with the MCGCs
          In exercising its rights and in performing its
obligations under this Article 12, Buyer shall consult and
coordinate with the MCGCs as to the matters dealt with herein
prior to any discussions regarding the same with Seller.

ARTICLE 13 - MEASUREMENTS, TESTS AND ANALYSIS

     13.1 Parties to Supply Devices
          Seller shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to
be supplied, operated and maintained, suitable gauging devices
for the LNG tanks of the LNG Tankers density, pressure and
temperature measuring devices, and any other measurement or
testing devices which are incorporated in the structure of LNG
Tankers or customarily maintained on shipboard.

          Buyer shall supply, operate and maintain, or cause to
be supplied, operated and maintained, devices required for
collecting samples and for determining quality and composition of
the LNG and any other measurement or testing devices which are
necessary to perform the measurement and testing required
hereunder at the Receiving Facilities.

     13.2 Selection of Devices
          All devices provided for in this Article 13 shall be
chosen by mutual agreement of the parties and shall be such as at
the time of selection are the most accurate and reliable devices
in their practical application. The required degree of accuracy
(which shall in any case be within the permissible tolerances
defined in Schedule A) of such devices selected shall be mutually
agreed upon by Buyer and Seller. In advance of the use of any
device the party providing such device shall cause tests to be
carried out to verify that such device has the required degree of
accuracy. The provisions of Section 13.10(a) shall apply to such
tests.

     13.3 Units of Measurement and Calibration
          The parties will cooperate closely in the design,
selection and acquisition of devices to be used for measurements
and tests under this Article 13 in order that, to the maximum
extent possible, all measurements and tests may be conducted
either in American units of measurement or in metric units of
measurement. In the event that it becomes necessary to make
measurements and tests using a new system of units of
measurement, the parties shall establish mutually agreeable
conversion tables, or, if they are unable to agree, such tables
may be established by the procedures provided for resolution of
disputes on measurement and testing in Section 13.11. Measurement
devices shall be calibrated as follows:

<PAGE>
Measurement          American Units          Metric Units

Volume               Cubic feet              Cubic Meters

Temperature          Degrees Fahrenheit      Degrees Centigrade

Pressure             Pounds per square       Kilograms per square
                     inch or inches of       centimeter or
                     mercury                 millimeters of
                                             mercury
                                             
Length               Feet                    Meters

Weight               Pounds                  Kilograms

Density              Pounds per cubic        Kilograms per Cubic
                     foot                    Meter



    13.4 Tank Gauge Tables of LNG Tankers

         Seller shall provide Buyer, or cause Buyer to be
provided, with a certified copy of tank gauge tables for each
tank of the LNG Tanker verified by a competent impartial
authority or authorities mutually agreed upon by the parties.
Such tables shall include correction tables for list, trim, tank
construction and any other items requiring such tables for
accuracy of gauging. Seller and Buyer shall each have the right
to have representatives present at the time each LNG tank on the
LNG Tanker is volumetrically calibrated. If the LNG tanks of any
LNG Tanker suffer distortion of such nature as to cause a prudent
expert reasonably to question the validity of the tank gauge
tables described herein (or any subsequent calibration provided
for herein), Buyer or Seller may require recalibration of such
LNG tanks during any period when the LNG Tanker is out of service
for inspection and/or repairs. Upon recalibration of the LNG
tanks of the LNG Tanker, the same procedures used to provide the
original tank gauge tables will be used to provide revised tank
gauge tables based upon the recalibration data. The calibration
of tanks provided for in this Section 13.4 shall constitute the
only calibration required for purposes of this Contract.

  13.5 Gauging and Measuring LNG Volumes Delivered
          Volumes of LNG delivered pursuant to this Contract shall
be determined by gauging the LNG in the tanks of the LNG Tankers
before and after unloading.

          Gauging the liquid in the tanks of the LNG Tankers and
measuring of liquid temperature, vapor temperature, vapor
pressure and liquid density in each LNG tank, trim and list of
the LNG Tankers, and atmospheric pressure shall be performed, or
caused to be performed, by Seller before and after unloading.

          The first gauging and measurements shall be made
immediately before the commencement of unloading. The second
gauging and measurements shall take place immediately after the
completion of unloading.

          Copies of gauging and measurement records shall be
furnished to Buyer.

  A.   Gauging the Liquid Level of LNG
       The level of the LNG in each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker
shall be gauged by means of the gauging device installed in the
LNG Tanker for that purpose. The level of the LNG in each tank
shall be logged or printed.

  B.   Determination of Temperature
       The temperature of the LNG and of the vapor space in
each cargo tank shall be measured by means of a sufficient number
of properly located temperature measuring devices to permit the
determination of average temperature. Temperatures shall be
logged or printed.

  C.   Determination of Pressure
       The pressure of the vapor in each LNG tank shall be
determined by means of pressure measuring devices installed in
each LNG tank of the LNG Tanker. The atmospheric pressure shall
be determined by readings from the standard barometer installed
in the LNG Tanker.

  D.   Determination of Density
       Density of the LNG shall be computed by Seller or, if
mutually agreed, measured. Initially the density of the LNG will
be computed by the method described in Schedule A attached
hereto. Should any improved data, method of calculation or direct
measurement device become available which is acceptable to both
Buyer and Seller, such improved data, method or device shall then
be used. If density is determined by measurements, the results
shall be logged or printed.

  13.6 Samples for Quality Analysis
       Representative samples of the LNG delivered shall be
obtained, or be caused to be obtained, in triplicate by Buyer
during the time of unloading and delivery to Buyer. The three (3)
samples shall be taken from an appropriate point on Buyer's
receiving line as close as possible to the unloading flanges and
collected in the gaseous state using the continuous
gasification/collection method agreed by Buyer and Seller.

       In addition, periodic samples shall be obtained during
unloading. Should it be necessary to utilize periodic samples,
the composition of the LNG unloaded shall be the arithmetic
average of the results obtained by analysis of such samples.

       The method and devices for sampling and the quantity of
the samples to be withdrawn shall be determined by agreement
between Buyer and Seller to provide for taking representative and
adequate samples of the LNG delivered.

       If representative samples cannot be obtained by Buyer,
the data to be determined by sample analysis in Section 13.7
shall be based upon the analysis of the LNG loaded at the Loading
Port and shall, after the boil-off adjustment provided for below,
be substituted for use in determining composition of the cargo
delivered. Such data obtained at the Loading Port shall be
adjusted for boil-off on the basis of the arithmetic average of
the boil-off experience during the one-way voyage with regard to
the last cargoes carried by the same LNG Tanker, up to a maximum
of five (5), from the Loading Port to the same Receiving
Facility. For this purpose Seller shall utilize devices
comparable to those utilized at the Receiving Facility and shall
employ methods of taking and analyzing the samples at the Loading
Port comparable in accuracy to those employed at the Receiving
Facility.

       The samples obtained shall be distributed as follows:
  First sample            -  for use of Buyer.
  Second sample -         for retention by Buyer for an agreed
                          period, not to exceed twenty (20) days,
                          during which period any dispute as to
                          the accuracy of any analysis shall be
                          raised, in which case the sample shall
                          be further retained until Buyer and
                          Seller agree to retain it no longer.
  Third sample            -  for use of Seller, if Seller so
requests.

  13.7      Quality Analysis
            The samples provided for in Section 13.6 shall be
analyzed, or be caused to be analyzed, by Buyer to determine the
molar fraction of the hydrocarbon and other components in the
sample by gas chromatography using a mutually agreed method in
accordance with "G.P.A. Standard 2261, Method of Analysis for
Natural Gas and Similar Gaseous Mixtures by Gas Chromatography",
published by G.P.A., current as of January 1, 1977 or as
otherwise mutually agreed upon. If better standards for analysis
are subsequently adopted by G.P.A. or other recognized competent
impartial authority, upon mutual agreement of Buyer and Seller,
they shall be substituted for the standard then in use, but such
substitution shall not take place retroactively. A calibration of
the chromatograph or other analytical instrument used shall be
performed by Buyer immediately prior to the analysis of the
sample of LNG delivered. Buyer shall give advance notice to
Seller of the time Buyer intends to conduct a calibration
thereof, and Seller shall have the right to have a representative
present at each such calibration; provided, however, Buyer will
not be obligated to defer or reschedule any calibration in order
to permit the representative of Seller to be present.

            The sample shall be analyzed, or be caused to be
analyzed, by Buyer to determine the concentrations of hydrogen
sulfide (H2S) and total sulfur content referred to in Section
11.2 using the methods described in Schedule A attached hereto.

  13.8      Operating Procedures
            Prior to conducting operations for measurement,
gauging, sampling and analysis provided in Sections 13.5, 13.6
and 13.7, the party responsible for such operations shall notify
the appropriate representatives of the other party, allowing such
representatives reasonable opportunity to be present for all
operations and computations; however, the absence of the other
party's representative after notification and opportunity to
attend shall not prevent any operations and computations from
being performed. At the request of either party any measurement,
gauging, sampling and analysis provided for in Sections 13.5,
13.6 and 13.7 shall be witnessed and verified by an independent
surveyor mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller. The results of
such surveyor's verifications shall be made available promptly to
each party. All records of measurement and the computation
results shall be preserved and available to both parties for a
period of not less than three (3) years after such measurement
and computation.  

  13.9      BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
            The quantity of BTUs sold and delivered shall be
calculated by Seller following the procedures described in this
Section 13.9, and shall be verified by an independent surveyor
mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer.

  A.        Determination of Gross Heating Value
            The Gross Heating Value of the samples of the LNG shall
be determined by computation, in accordance with the method
described in Schedule A attached hereto, on the basis of the
molecular composition determined pursuant to Section 13.7 and of
the molecular weights and heating values described in "G.P.A.
Publication 2145" published by G.P.A., current at the time of
computation.

            If better constants or improved methods for
determination of heating value are subsequently adopted by G.P.A.
or other recognized competent impartial authority, they shall,
upon mutual agreement of Seller and Buyer, be substituted
therefor but not retroactively. The Gross Heating Value of the
representative sample shall be the conclusive Gross Heating Value
for the purpose of determining quantities of BTUs sold and
delivered.

  B.        Determination of Volume of LNG Unloaded
            The LNG volume in the tanks of the LNG Tanker before
and after unloading shall be determined by gauging as provided in
Section 13.5 on the basis of the tank gauge tables provided for
in Section 13.4. The volume of LNG remaining in the tanks of the
LNG Tanker after unloading shall then be subtracted from the
volume before unloading and the resulting volume shall be taken
as the volume of the LNG delivered from the LNG Tanker.

            If failure of gauging and measuring devices of the LNG
Tanker should make it impossible to determine the LNG volume, the
volume of LNG delivered shall be determined by gauging the liquid
level in Buyer's onshore LNG storage tanks immediately before and
after unloading the LNG Tanker, and such volume shall be
increased by adding an estimated LNG volume, agreed upon by the
parties, for boil-off from such onshore LNG storage tanks and
related pipelines during the unloading of the LNG Tanker. Buyer
shall provide Seller, or cause Seller to be provided with, a
certified copy of tank gauge tables for each onshore LNG tank
which is to be used for this purpose, such tables to be verified
by a competent impartial authority.

  C.        Determination of BTU Quantities Sold and Delivered
            The quantities of BTUs sold and delivered shall be
computed by Seller by means of the following formula:
                             Q =  V  x  D x P  -  Qr
  where :
       Q    :    represents the quantity of the LNG sold and
delivered in BTUs.
       V    :    represents the volume of the LNG unloaded,
                 stated in Cubic Meters, determined as
                 provided in Section 13.9B.
       D    :    represents the density of the LNG unloaded,
                 stated in kilograms per Cubic Meter,
                 determined as provided in Section 13.5D.
       P    :    represents the Gross Heating Value of the LNG
                 unloaded, stated in BTUs per kilogram. 
       Qr   :    represents the quantity in BTUs of the vapor
                 which displaced the volume of LNG unloaded
                 from the LNG tanks in the LNG Tanker.

       Physical constants, calculation procedures and examples
of BTU determination are provided in Schedule A.

  13.10     Verification of Accuracy and Correction for Error
       (a)  Accuracy of devices used shall be tested and
verified at the request of either party, including the request by
a party to verify accuracy of its own devices. Each party shall
have the right to inspect at any time the measurement devices
installed by the other party, provided that the other party be
notified in advance. Testing shall be performed only when both
parties are represented, or have received adequate advance notice
thereof, using methods recommended by the manufacturer or any
other method agreed to by Seller and Buyer. At the request of any
party hereto, any test shall be witnessed and verified by an
independent surveyor mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller.
Permissible tolerances shall be defined in Schedule A.

       (b)  Inaccuracy of a device exceeding the permissible
tolerances shall require correction of previous recordings, and
computations made on the basis of those recordings, to zero error
with respect to any period which is definitely known or agreed
upon by the parties, as well as adjustment of the device.  All
the invoices issued during such period shall be amended
accordingly to reflect such correction and an adjustment in
payment shall be made between Buyer and Seller.  If the period of
error is neither known nor agreed upon, and there is no evidence
as to such period of error, corrections shall be made and
invoices amended for each delivery made during the last half of
the period since the date of the most recent calibration of the
inaccurate device.  However, the provisions of this Section
13.10(b) shall not be applied to require the modification of any
invoice that has become final pursuant to Section 10.7(c).

  13.11     Disputes
       In the event of any dispute concerning the subject
matter of this Article 13, including, but not limited to,
disputes over selection of the type or the accuracy of measuring
devices, their calibration, the result of measurement, period of
error of a device, sampling, analysis, computation or method of
calculation, such dispute shall be submitted to a competent
impartial authority mutually agreed upon by the parties to the
dispute or, if such authority cannot be agreed upon within thirty
(30) days of request by either party, such dispute shall be
decided by arbitration pursuant to Article 16. All decisions of
an authority acting under this Section 13.11 shall be binding on
the parties. Expenses incurred in connection with the services of
such authority shall be shared equally by Seller and Buyer.

  13.12     Costs and Expenses of Test and Verification
       All costs and expenses for testing and verifying
Seller's measurement devices as provided for in this Article 13
shall be borne by Seller and all costs and expenses for testing
and verifying Buyer's measurement devices as provided for in this
Article 13 shall be borne by Buyer. The fees and charges of
independent surveyors for measurements and calculations as
provided for in Sections 13.8 and 13.9 shall be borne equally by
Seller and Buyer. When the services of independent surveyors are
required and selected by mutual agreement pursuant to Section
13.10, then the fees and charges of such surveyors shall be borne
equally by Seller and Buyer.

ARTICLE 14 - DUTIES, TAXES AND CHARGES

       Buyer shall pay (or reimburse Seller for payments made
by it) and shall indemnify and hold Seller harmless from, all
taxes, royalties, duties, or other imposts levied or imposed by
the Japanese Government or any subdivision thereof, or any other
governmental authority in Japan, on the transportation, sale and
import of LNG, or on any income resulting therefrom, including
income resulting from payments made under this Article 14, and
taxes and duties levied or imposed on the LNG Tankers in Japan.
The parties understand and confirm that Buyer shall not be
required to pay under this Article 14 for any port charges, taxes
or duties on the LNG Tankers to the extent the same are included
in any other amounts payable by Buyer under this Contract.  All
payments or reimbursements required under this Article 14 shall
be invoiced by Seller and paid by Buyer in accordance with
Article 10.


ARTICLE 15 - FORCE MAJEURE

  15.1 Events of Force Majeure
       Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be liable for any delay
or failure in performance hereunder if and to the extent such
delay or failure in performance directly results from any of the
following ("Force Majeure"):

            (A)  Fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
                 lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado,
                 earthquake, landslide, soil erosion,
                 subsidence, washout or epidemic;

            (B)  War, riot, civil war, blockade, insurrection,
                 act of public enemies or civil disturbance;

            (C)  Strike, lockout or other industrial
                 disturbance;

            (D)  Serious accidental damage to or serious
                 failure of Seller's Facilities, unless such
                 damage or failure is the result of gross
                 negligence on the part of Seller's
                 management;

            (E)  Serious accidental damage to or serious
                 failure of Buyer's Facilities, unless such
                 damage or failure is the result of gross
                 negligence on the part of Buyer's management;

            (F)  The Proved Remaining Recoverable Reserves of
                 Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area expressed
                 in the then most recent Certificate referred
                 to in Section 3.2(a) which can be
                 economically produced have been fully
                 depleted; 

            (G)  Delay in completion and testing of a vessel
                 intended to be used as an LNG Tanker so as to
                 prevent the same from becoming operational on
                 a continuing basis, provided that Seller
                 shall have taken all steps which could
                 reasonably have been expected and which are
                 necessary to fulfill its responsibility to
                 provide transportation under this Contract;

            (H)  Act of government that directly affects the
                 ability of a party to perform any obligation
                 hereunder other than the obligation to remit
                 payments as provided in Section 10.4 on
                 account of LNG delivered and taken or not
                 taken but required to be paid for under this
                 Contract; or

            (I)  Unavailability of an LNG Tanker caused by an
                 event or circumstance which is beyond the
                 reasonable control of Seller despite Seller's
                 best efforts to assure the availability of
                 such LNG Tanker.

  15.2 Notice; Resumption of Normal Performance
       (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of
Force Majeure that gives a party warning that the event may delay
or prevent the performance by Seller or Buyer of any of its
obligations hereunder, the party affected shall give notice
thereof to the other parties describing such event and stating
the obligations the performance of which are, or are expected to
be, delayed or prevented, and (either in the original or in
supplemental notices) stating:

            (i)  The estimated period during which performance
                 may be suspended or reduced, including, to
                 the extent known or ascertainable, the
                 estimated extent of such reduction in
                 performance; and 

            (ii) The particulars of the program to be
                 implemented to ensure full resumption of
                 normal performance hereunder. 

       (b)  In order to ensure resumption of normal
performance of this Contract within the shortest practicable
time, the party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall take
all measures to this end which are reasonable in the
circumstances, taking into account the consequences resulting
from such event of Force Majeure. Prior to resumption of normal
performance the parties shall continue to perform their
obligations under this Contract to the extent not prevented by
such event.

  15.3 Efforts to Mitigate the Effect of Force Majeure
       If there is an event of force majeure (as such term is
defined under the MCGC Contract) which affects one or both of the
MCGCs' receiving facilities, Buyer agrees to use its best efforts
to take (and, if so taken, to pay for) during the period until
resumption of normal performance, all or such part of the MCGC
Quantities as is necessary to ensure the full utilization of the
LNG Tankers.

       For the purposes of this Section 15.3, the obligation
of Buyer to use its best efforts shall not require Buyer to
modify Buyer's Facilities at a cost which would make the purchase
of such MCGC Quantities uneconomic, nor shall it require Buyer to
engage in efforts to increase the demand of its customers for gas
beyond the efforts which are in the best interests of its overall
business. Buyer's rights under this Contract to purchase Fixed
Quantities, or under other LNG purchase contracts to purchase the
equivalent thereof, and to increase or decrease such quantities
in accordance with such contracts, are recognized, it being
understood by the parties that the exercise of such rights to
increase or decrease quantities, if any, or the short-term
purchase of LNG by Buyer, are subject to due regard for Buyer's
obligation to use its best efforts to take all or such part of
the MCGC Quantities as is necessary to ensure the full
utilization of the LNG Tankers.

  15.4 Settlement of Industrial Disturbances
       Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the party
experiencing such situation and nothing herein shall require such
party to settle industrial disputes by yielding to demands made
on it when it considers such action inadvisable.

ARTICLE 16 - ARBITRATION

  All disputes arising between Buyer and Seller relating to
this Contract or the interpretation or performance hereof, shall
be finally settled by arbitration conducted in accordance with
the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce, effective at the time, by three (3) arbitrators
appointed in accordance with such Rules. Arbitration shall be
conducted in the English language and shall be held at Paris,
France, unless another location is selected by mutual agreement
of the parties concerned. The award rendered by the arbitrators
shall be final and binding upon the parties concerned.



ARTICLE 17 - APPLICABLE LAW

  This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States
of America.





ARTICLE 18 - BUYER'S REPRESENTATIVE

  Buyer will from time to time designate a Buyer's
Representative to act on behalf of Buyer in performing the
following:

       A.   Coordination among Buyer and the MCGCs, and
            between Seller and Buyer, and the handling of
            communications between Seller and Buyer in
            connection with performance of this Contract; and

       B.   Implementation of various operations of Buyer
            which are necessary in connection with purchasing
            and receiving of LNG hereunder. 

  Buyer shall notify Seller of the name and address of the
entity to act as Buyer's Representative. 

  Seller shall be entitled to accept and rely upon any
communication received from Buyer's Representative as if received
directly from Buyer, and to give communications to Buyer's
Representative with the same effect as if given directly to
Buyer. No act of or authorization to Buyer's Representative shall
relieve Buyer from performance of any obligation or payment of
any liability of Buyer hereunder, Buyer remaining primarily
liable therefor at all times.


ARTICLE 19 - CONFIDENTIALITY

  No party to this Contract shall use or communicate to third
parties the contents of this Contract or other confidential
information or documents which may come into the possession of
such party in connection with the performance of this Contract
without the prior agreement of the party or parties to which such
information or documents are confidential. This restriction shall
not apply to the contents of this Contract, or information or
documents, which:

            (i)  have fallen into the public domain otherwise
                 than through the act or failure to act of the
                 party that has obtained them; or

            (ii) are communicated to:

                 (A)  any of Seller's Suppliers, or any
                      Affiliate (as defined below), with the
                      obligation of the receiving person to
                      maintain confidentiality;

                 (B)  persons participating in the
                      implementation of this project, such as
                      the MCGCs, Seller's Transporter, Buyer's
                      Representative, legal counsel,
                      accountants, other professional,
                      business or technical consultants and
                      advisers, underwriters or lenders, with
                      the obligation of the receiving persons
                      to maintain confidentiality; or

                 (C)  any governmental agency of the Republic
                      of Indonesia or Japan, or having
                      jurisdiction over any of Seller's
                      Suppliers or any Affiliate or Seller's
                      Transporter, provided that such agency
                      has authority to require such
                      disclosure, and that such disclosure is
                      made in accordance with that authority.

  As used before, the term "Affiliate" means a company that
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a
party to this Contract or any of Seller's Suppliers.

ARTICLE 20 - NOTICES

  All notices and other communications for purposes of this
Contract shall be in writing, which shall include transmission by
telex, facsimile, cable, or other similar electronic method of
written transmission mutually agreed by Seller and Buyer, except
that notices given from an LNG Tanker at sea may be by radio.
Notices and communications shall be directed as follows:

       A.   To Seller at the following mail, telex, facsimile
and cable addresses - 
            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
            GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)

            (Mail address)
            P.O. Box 12/JKT
            Jalan Merdeka Timur 1A, 
            Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia

            (Telex address)
            PERTAMINA 44
            302 or 44152
            JAKARTA, INDONESIA

            (Facsimile address)
            62-21-355271

            (Cable address)
            PERTAMINA 
            JAKARTA,INDONESIA VIA RCA


       In each case marked for the attention of:
       Head of Gas Marketing Bureau


       B.   To Buyer at the following mail, telex, facsimile
and cable addresses -
            OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.

            (Mail address)
            4-1-2, Hiranomachi,
            Chuo-ku
            Osaka, 541 Japan

            (Telex address)
            5225275 DAIGAS J

            (Facsimile address)
            81-6-222-2044

            (Cable address)
            GASTANK OSAKA

       In each case marked for the attention of:
       Gas Resources Dept.

  The parties may designate additional addresses for
particular communications as required from time to time, and may
change any addresses, by notice given thirty (30) days in advance
of such additions or changes.

  Immediately upon receiving communications by telex,
facsimile, cable or other similar electronic method of written
transmission, or radio, a party shall acknowledge receipt by the
same means, and may request a repeat transmittal of the entire
communication or confirmation of particular matters. If the
sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt within twenty-four
(24) hours, or receives a request for repeat transmittal or
confirmation, said party shall repeat the transmittal or answer
the particular request.

  Without prejudice to the validity of the original notice,
the receiving party of any notice given by telex, facsimile,
cable or other similar electronic method of written transmission
may request the confirmation of the notice by letter and the
sending party shall make such confirmation by letter upon the
request.


ARTICLE 21 - ASSIGNMENT

  Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations
hereunder may be assigned by Buyer without the prior written
consent of Seller, or by Seller without the prior written consent
of Buyer. Any request by  Buyer for Seller's consent to an
assignment shall be accompanied by the written consent of the
MCGCs to the proposed assignment.



ARTICLE 22 - AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

  This Contract cannot be amended, modified, varied or
supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by Seller
and Buyer.

  The failure of any party at any time to require performance
of any provision of this Contract shall not affect its right to
require subsequent performance of such provision. Waiver by any
party of any breach of any provision hereof shall not constitute
the waiver of any subsequent breach of such provision.
Performance of any condition or obligation to be performed
hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived or postponed
except by an instrument in writing signed by the party who is
claimed to have granted such waiver or postponement.


ARTICLE 23 - DETAILS OF PERFORMANCE

  Details necessary for performance of this Contract shall be
mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer separately or, when
necessary and desirable, by Seller, Buyer and the MCGCs on a
coordinated and mutually agreeable basis.

ARTICLE 24 - EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION

  Seller and Buyer will maintain close communication with each
other, and with the MCGCs, and will mutually provide and exchange
available information directly relevant to the fulfillment of
this Contract.

  The parties will consult together to coordinate plans
relating to the modification of the Receiving Facilities, the
modification of the Badak Facility and the construction of the
vessels intended to be used as the LNG Tankers, so as to assure
that such facilities and such vessel are compatible for all
purposes and that progress is being made in accordance with the
project timetable agreed to between the parties. Upon the request
of Seller, or if Buyer so desires, Buyer will participate in
meetings of the joint coordinating committee established under
Article 25 of the MCGC Contract.

ARTICLE 25 - TERMINATION

  Seller and Buyer shall use best efforts to obtain all
authorizations, approvals and permissions of national and local
governments or other competent authorities or bodies which are
required for performance of this Contract (the "Authorizations
and Approvals"), and will cooperate fully with each other
wherever necessary for this purpose.  If, at the time of
expiration of twelve (12) months after the execution of this
Contract, Seller or Buyer should fail to obtain the
Authorizations and Approvals, then such party shall so notify the
other party promptly after such expiration, and Seller and Buyer
shall consult as to the circumstances pertaining thereto. If,
within thirty (30) days after the date of the aforesaid notice,
the parties have not agreed on a postponement of the time within
which the Authorizations and Approvals shall be obtained then
either Seller or Buyer may terminate this Contract by written
notice given at any time prior to the date upon which the
Authorizations and Approvals are obtained.  The same right of
termination and procedures relating thereto shall apply upon the
expiration of any postponement period or periods agreed to by the
parties.

  If, after using their best efforts, either Seller or the
MCGCs should fail to obtain all authorizations, approvals and
permissions of national and local governments or other competent
authorities or bodies which are required for performance of the
MCGC Contract then, in the event that either Seller or the MCGCs
(being entitled to do so pursuant to the provisions of the MCGC
Contract) terminate the MCGC Contract, Seller shall so notify
Buyer in writing, and this Contract shall terminate on the same
date as the MCGC Contract is terminated.

  This Contract is also subject to termination under certain
other circumstances as provided in Section 10.5.

  Termination of this Contract shall be without prejudice to
any accrued rights of the parties arising under this Contract
prior to termination.


ARTICLE 26 - SCOPE

  This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and
replaces any provisions on the same subject contained in any
agreement between the parties, whether written or oral, prior to
the date of the execution hereof.

ARTICLE 27 - COUNTERPARTS

  This Contract is executed in two (2) identical counterparts
each of which shall have the force and dignity of an original,
and all of which shall constitute but one and the same Contract.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
Contract to be executed by its duly authorized officer as of the
date first written above.


SELLER:                         BUYER:

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN    OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA 
(PERTAMINA)



By________/s/_____________      By________/s/_____________






WITNESS:

NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION



By________/s/______________
<PAGE>
SIDE LETTER TO
          LNG SALES CONTRACT
              

October 13, 1992


OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.                  


Gentlemen,

With reference to the LNG Sales Contract entered into today
between Pertamina and Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., (the "Contract"), the
parties have agreed the following matters supplemental to the
Contract. In this letter terms defined in the Contract shall have
the meanings therein ascribed to them.

In respect of the Contract:

1.Force Majeure at Seller's Facilities

If there is an event of Force Majeure at Seller's Facilities
which reduces the quantity of LNG available to Buyer from the
Badak Facility, then Seller and Buyer will consult regarding the
possibility of making the LNG Tankers available to Buyer. In the
event that Seller decides to make the LNG Tankers available to
Buyer, Seller shall be entitled, upon reasonable notice to Buyer,
to have the LNG Tankers returned to Seller whenever Seller is
able to resume delivery of LNG to Buyer.

2.Buyer's Obligation to Restore Force Majeure Deficiency

Referring to Section 7.9 (a) of the Contract, the parties have
agreed the following with regard to Buyer's obligation to restore
a Force Majeure Deficiency under the Contract:

(i)Section 7.9 (a) does not impose on Buyer any obligation as to
resumption of normal performance in the event of Force Majeure
affecting Buyer under Section 15.1 which is greater than Buyer's
obligation under Sections 15.2 and 15.3, and after resumption of
normal performance Buyer will not be required to modify Buyer's
Facilities, in order to restore a Force Majeure Deficiency, at a
cost which would make the purchase of such Restoration Quantities
uneconomic.

(ii)Buyer will not be required to engage in efforts to increase
the demand of its customers for gas beyond the efforts which are
in the best interests of its overall business.

(iii)Buyer's rights under this Contract to purchase Fixed
Quantities, or under other LNG purchase contracts of Buyer to
purchase the equivalent thereof, and to increase or decrease such
quantities in accordance with such contracts, are recognized, it
being understood by the parties that the exercise of quantity
options, if any, under other LNG purchase contracts of Buyer or
the short-term purchase of LNG by Buyer are subject to due regard
for Buyer's obligation to restore a Force Majeure Deficiency.

3.   Sale of Additional Cargoes on a Spot Basis

     Seller and Buyer  agree that at any time during any Fixed
Quantity Period Buyer shall be entitled to request the purchase
of additional cargoes, on a spot basis, using the LNG Tankers.

     Seller may accept or reject such request in its sole
discretion.  In the event that Seller accepts any such request,
the sale and purchase of the quantities involved shall be made on
the terms and conditions contained in this Contract.

4.   Seller's Transportation Arrangements

     At the time Sections 8.3 and 8.4 were prepared, Seller's
Transportation Arrangements had not yet been finalized. Seller
and Buyer will prepare, if necessary, more detailed guidelines
pursuant to Article 24 to take into account the effect of the
Seller's Transportation Arrangements, as finalized, on the
transportation related matters provided for under Sections 8.3
and 8.4.

5.   Transportation of Make-Up LNG

     Seller and Buyer intend that the LNG Tankers be fully utilized
throughout the term of the Contract. If pursuant to Section 7.8
Buyer has requested Make-Up LNG but Seller does not expect to
have available LNG Tanker capacity during the remainder of the
term of the Contract which may be used to transport such Make-Up
LNG, then notwithstanding the provisions of Section 7.8, Seller
shall sell such Make-Up LNG to Buyer if:
     
     (i)  Seller has uncommitted quantities of LNG available for
such purposes,

     (ii) Seller has determined that it has other transportation
capacity which is available for the purpose of transporting such
Make-Up LNG, and

     (iii) Buyer shall have first taken and paid for its Fixed
Quantity for such year.

     In such event, the credit given to Buyer under Section 7.8
relating to the amount previously paid on account of such Take-
or-Pay Quantity shall be reduced by the amount of transportation
costs incurred by Seller in delivering such Make-Up LNG.

6.   Structure of Contract

     At the time the Contract was executed, the parties had not yet
completed their negotiations relating to the sale and purchase of
certain quantities of LNG to replace Buyer's demand upon the
expiration of the 1988 LNG Sales Contract on December 31, 1993
("Other Quantities"). Should the parties conclude a separate
agreement regarding such Other Quantities, the Contract shall be 
amended to include such quantities. In such an event the amended
Contract shall be structured in two parts in recognition of the
fact that such Contract would be dealing with two different sets
of circumstances (e.g. different volumes, transportation, price):
the first part would contain the provisions relating to the
quantities carried on the LNG Tankers; the second part would
contain detailed provisions relating to the Other Quantities to
be carried on standard size LNG tankers. In the context of their
negotiations on the Other Quantities, the parties agree to
further discuss the issue of downward adjustment.

                                        Very truly yours,


                                        PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
                                        MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                        (PERTAMINA)



                                        By ______/s/___________

Agreed and Accepted this 13th day 
of October, 1992:


OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.



By _____/s/__________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>26
<DESCRIPTION>SEVENTH SUPPLY AGMT. FOR EXCESS SALES
<TEXT>





                                  SEVENTH


                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT


                                    For


                               EXCESS SALES


                    (ADDITIONAL FIXED QUANTITIES UNDER
                  BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF
                    CONTRACT AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT)


                                  Between


                                 PERTAMINA
                                    and
                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                        ULTRAMAR INDONESIA LIMITED
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.


                                    and


                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY


                      Effective as of January 1, 1990
<PAGE>
                         SEVENTH SUPPLY AGREEMENT
                             FOR EXCESS SALES
                       (ADDITIONAL FIXED QUANTITIES
                UNDER BADAK LNG SALES CONTRACT AS A RESULT
                  OF CONTRACT AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT)


     THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta on the 28th
day of September, 1992, but effective as of the 1st day of January,
1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA INDONESIA
COMPANY ("VICO"), OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., ULTRAMAR INDONESIA
LIMITED, UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL
COMPANY, INC., and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein referred
to collectively as "Contractors" and individually as "Contractor"),
on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but effective as
of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is herein
referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract dated April
23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such contract as
hereafter amended is herein referred to as the "Renewed Production
Sharing Contract".  The Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing Contract are herein
referred to collectively as the "Production Sharing Contracts" and
the area covered thereby is herein referred to as the "VICO
Contract Area"); and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts, each of
PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell and
freely export its respective share of the natural gas produced and
saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage share of such
natural gas to which each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled,
as determined under the Production Sharing Contracts, is herein
referred to as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of such party);
and 

     WHEREAS, the reserves of natural gas in the VICO Contract Area
exceed the reserves committed to be produced, supplied and
delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to meet a portion of
PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales contracts, LPG
sales contracts and domestic gas sales contracts; and 

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the Amended
and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of February 9,
1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing Agreement")
which provides for the operation of the natural gas liquefaction
and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on the east coast of
Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as the "Bontang Plant")
and the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as
determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein
referred to as "Plant Operating Costs"); and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas
(as hereinafter defined) and the Other Contract Gas (as hereinafter
defined); and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors and its
production sharing contractors in other contract areas in East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas"), has
entered into that certain Badak LNG Sales Contract originally dated
as of April 14, 1981, with Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas
Co., Ltd. (herein referred to collectively as "Buyers" and
individually as a "Buyer"), and in support of the performance by
PERTAMINA of its obligations thereunder PERTAMINA and Contractors
entered into a supply agreement dated as of April 14, 1981 (herein
referred to as the "Original Supply Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement dated as of
September 7, 1989, PERTAMINA and Buyers agreed to make certain
changes to the price, take-or-pay provisions and annual Fixed
Quantities under the said Badak LNG Sales Contract, and to give
effect thereto PERTAMINA and Buyers have executed an amendment and
restatement of the said Badak LNG Sales Contract as of January 1,
1990 (such contract as so amended and restated being herein
referred to as the "1981 Sales Contract"), as a result of which the
original annual Fixed Quantities thereunder (the  "Original
Quantities") have been increased by the following additional
amounts of LNG (expressed in billions of BTU's) for each year as
stated in the second column in the table below (such quantities
being herein referred to as the "Additional Quantities") and
accordingly the total increased Fixed Quantities under the 1981
Sales Contract for each year comprises Additional Quantities and
Original Quantities in the following percentages stated in the
third and fourth columns respectively in the table below:

Year             Additional     Additional       Original
                 Quantities     Quantities       Quantities
                   (BBTU)          (%)              (%)

1990              5,820          3.2915         96.7085
1991              8,730          4.8573         95.1427
1992             11,640          6.3732         93.6268
1993             14,550          7.8416         92.1584
1994-2002        17,460          9.2646         90.7354
2003              3,934          9.2648         90.7352


(For the purposes of applying the further provisions hereof in any
year the percentage shown in the third column above in respect of
such year is herein referred to as the "Additional Quantities
Percentage" and the percentage shown in the fourth column above in
respect of such year is herein referred to as the "Original
Quantities Percentage"); and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver natural gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of the
performance by PERTAMINA of an agreed portion of its obligations to
supply the Additional Quantities; and 

     WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its Production
Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as hereinafter
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 1

     This Agreement shall be effective as of January 1, 1990, and
shall terminate on the date that the 1981 Sales Contract
terminates.

                                 ARTICLE 2

     2.1  The total quantity of net natural gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of recoverable reserves of natural gas
in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as Additional
Quantities is estimated to be 0.210 trillion standard cubic feet
("t.s.c.f.") (such quantity being herein referred to as the
"Additional Quantities Net Gas Requirement").

     2.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from recoverable reserves of natural gas in the
VICO Contract Area sufficient natural gas (and LNG resulting from
the liquefaction thereof) to meet a portion of the Additional
Quantities Net Gas Requirement over the term of this Agreement
consisting of 0.062 t.s.c.f., or 29.6004% thereof.  Such quantity
of net natural gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this
Agreement is herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and the
above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the "Producers'
Percentage".

     2.3  To meet the balance of the Additional Quantities Net Gas
Requirement, constituting 0.148 t.s.c.f., sufficient natural gas
(and LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof) will be committed
for supply and delivery by PERTAMINA and its production sharing
contractors from recoverable reserves of natural gas in the Other
Contract Areas by separate supply agreements, similar hereto and
compatible herewith, executed and delivered concurrently herewith
(such amount being herein collectively referred to as the "Other
Contract Gas").

     2.4  The amounts of net natural gas constituting the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates
of proved recoverable reserves of natural gas as certified by the
independent petroleum consultant firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton
in written statements dated on or before April 10, 1986, based on
data available on January 31, 1986.

                                 ARTICLE 3

     The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from different fields at times and production rates  which
may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to secure
the optimal ultimate recovery of natural gas. The supply of natural
gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas will
be coordinated among PERTAMINA, VICO and the operators of the Other
Contract Areas so as to conserve and permit full utilization of
such natural gas.  

     The sources of supply, producing rates, quality of gas,
metering and related matters shall be matters for study by the East
Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management Committee, consisting of
representatives from PERTAMINA, VICO, Total Indonesie and Unocal
Indonesia, Ltd.

                                 ARTICLE 4

     4.1  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and prompt
administration of the 1981 Sales Contract for the benefit of
PERTAMINA and Contractors.  All matters which affect the 1981 
Sales Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder will be
administered by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and
the representative appointed by Contractors under Article 8.  It is
understood, however, where immediate action is required, it may be
necessary from time to time for PERTAMINA, as seller under the 1981
Sales Contract, to take certain administrative and operational
actions without prior consultation.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of any such action.  

     4.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the 1981 Sales Contract.
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the 1981 Sales Contract and as to any permitted action
or election thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in
the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a
change in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto,
a memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as
soon as feasible and signed by each party hereto.

                                 ARTICLE 5

     5.1  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas to
be delivered to Buyers at the "Delivery Point" as defined in the
1981 Sales Contract. Title to each Contractor's share of LNG
extracted from the VICO Contract Gas shall pass to PERTAMINA eo
instante with the passage of title from PERTAMINA to each Buyer.

     5.2  At the time of delivery of Additional Quantities to a
Buyer at the Delivery Point, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors
with appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and quality
thereof, together with copies of the invoices to such Buyer
covering such shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish to Contractors
a copy of each invoice or billing delivered to a Buyer on account
of other payment obligations of such Buyer under  the 1981 Sales
Contract concurrently with its being furnished to such Buyer. 
Calculation of the "Contract Sales Price" under the 1981 Sales
Contract, the amount of sales invoices and other billings and any
adjustments, shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and
Contractors prior to presentation to Buyer.  

                                 ARTICLE 6

     6.1  Subject to Section 6.6, a portion of each obligation
("Contract Obligation") due from a Buyer pursuant to the 1981 Sales
Contract in respect of quantities of LNG sold and delivered or in
respect of quantities of LNG required to be taken but which are not
taken shall be deemed to constitute an amount payable in respect of
Additional Quantities (each such portion is herein referred to as
an "Additional Quantities Payment").  The Additional Quantities
Payment shall be calculated as the quantity of LNG (expressed in
millions of BTU's) upon which the relevant invoice is based (herein
called the "Invoiced Quantity") multiplied by the Additional
Quantities Percentage multiplied by the Contract Sales Price under
the 1981 Sales Contract (as that term is defined therein) in effect
as of the date the relevant Contract Obligation accrued.  The
Additional Quantities Payment shall be determined disregarding any
assignment by a Buyer of any of its rights or obligations under the
1981 Sales Contract and shall not be reduced by any agreed invoice
credit or set-off (other than one in respect of a debt or
obligation first arising on or after January 1, 1990 applicable to
the Additional  Quantities) which reduces any payment from a Buyer
in respect of the relevant Contract Obligation.  Subject to the
words in parentheses in the preceding sentence, if the net amount
actually received from such Buyer is less than the amount of such
Contract Obligation, such net amount received shall be first
applied and deemed paid as to the Additional Quantities Payment up
to the whole amount thereof; and if such net amount received is
less than the Additional Quantities Payment, the next following
payment or payments received from any source in respect of the 1981
Sales Contract shall be first applied and deemed paid as to the
shortfall in the Additional Quantities Payment.

     6.2  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor in respect of
the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of natural gas to be
supplied under this Agreement shall be:

     (a)  its Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
          Percentage of each Transfer Amount (as hereinafter
          defined), together with any interest accruing thereon,
          and

     (b)  its Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
          Percentage under the Original Supply Agreement of each
          Retained Amount (as hereinafter defined), together with
          any interest accruing thereon.

     6.3  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of
the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section
6.2, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor its share as
stated in Section 6.2 of each Additional Quantities Payment,
together with any interest accruing thereon.

     6.4  Throughout the term of this Agreement, all monies paid in
respect of Additional Quantities Payments shall be paid in U.S.
Dollars directly to Continental Bank International in New York City
(or such other leading bank in the United States as shall be
selected by PERTAMINA and approved by Contractors) pursuant to that
certain Bontang II Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, amended and
restated as of July 15, 1991, as the same may be further amended
from time to time, among PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee
thereunder (the trust thereby constituted being herein called the
"Bontang II Trust").  The said Trustee shall be required to
segregate amounts received in respect of Additional Quantities
Payments from other amounts received from Buyers pursuant to the
1981 Sales Contract.

     Amounts so received in the Bontang II Trust shall be used for
payment of (i) an agreed portion of Plant Operating Costs, and (ii)
other costs approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors.

     Amounts so received in the Bontang II Trust, to the extent
that they are not used for the payments referred to in the 
preceding sentence, shall be applied in accordance with Section
6.5.

     6.5  Subject to Section 6.6, of each Additional Quantities
Payment:

     (a)  there shall be retained in the Bontang II Trust an amount
          (herein referred to as the "Retained Amount") calculated
          as the Invoiced Quantity multiplied by the Original
          Quantities Percentage multiplied by:
          U.S.$0.04 during the calendar year 1990
          U.S.$0.06 during the calendar year 1991
          U.S.$0.08 during the calendar year 1992
          U.S.$0.10 during the calendar year 1993
          U.S.$0.12 from and after January 1, 1994.

          In calculating the Retained Amount no deduction shall be
          made in respect of Plant Operating Costs or other costs
          authorized for payment out of the Bontang II Trust
          pursuant to Section 6.4.

     (b)  the balance after such retention (herein referred to as
          the "Transfer Amount") shall be paid, after deducting the
          Additional Quantities Percentage of any Plant Operating
          Costs or other costs authorized for payment out of the
          Bontang II Trust pursuant to Section 6.4, to Continental
          Bank International in New York City pursuant to that
          certain Bontang  Excess Sales Trustee and Paying Agent
          Agreement, amended and restated as of February 9, 1988,
          as the same may be further amended from time to time,
          among PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production sharing
          contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee
          thereunder (the trust thereby constituted being herein
          called the "Excess Sales Trust").

     If in accordance with the last sentence of Section 6.1 more
than one payment is received in respect of an Additional Quantities
Payment (because of a shortfall in the amount received in respect
of the relevant Contract Obligation), the amount of each such
payment received, insofar as it is to be applied to the Additional
Quantities Payment, shall be divided in the proportions that the
Transfer Amount and the Retained Amount respectively bear to the
relevant Additional Quantities Payment, with the Transfer Amount
portion being paid to the Excess Sales Trust (after deduction of
costs as prescribed in paragraph (b) above), and the Retained
Amount portion being retained in the Bontang II Trust.

     Payments in respect of interest on an Additional Quantities
Payment shall be allocated on a pro-rata basis between funds
retained in the Bontang II Trust and funds paid to the Excess Sales
Trust pursuant to this Section 6.5 (the proportionate relationship
to be that between the Retained Amount and Transfer Amount,
determined as of the date that the original Contract Obligation on
which interest is accruing was incurred).
 
     Amounts so retained in the Bontang II Trust or paid to the
Excess Sales Trust, shall, insofar as they are applicable to the
VICO Contract Gas (i.e., the net realized price for the VICO
Contract Gas), be disbursed to PERTAMINA and each Contractor in
accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage at a bank or
banks of its choice.

     PERTAMINA and Contractors will each give such instructions,
authorizations and approvals, and take such other action (including
amendment of the above-mentioned Badak Expansion Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement) as may be required to cause the payments
contemplated by this Section 6.5 to be made.

     6.6  If in or in respect of any year (the "Original Year")
pursuant to the 1981 Sales Contract a Buyer incurred an obligation
to pay for quantities of LNG not taken, exercised an Allowance, or
was unable to take quantities of LNG due to the occurrence or
continuation of an event of Force Majeure, then for the purposes of
determining:

     (a)  the Additional Quantities Payment, and the amounts to be
          paid to the Excess Sales Trust and retained in the
          Bontang II Trust pursuant to Section 6.5, in respect of
          any consequent Contract Obligation of such Buyer in
          respect of:

           (i) a Quantity Deficiency, and/or
          (ii) any consequent purchase by such Buyer of Make-Up
               LNG, Make-Good LNG or Restoration Quantities, and

     (b)  the quantities of natural gas supplied by PERTAMINA and
          Contractors under this Supply Agreement in respect of any
          purchase referred to in paragraph (a)(ii) above,

the Additional Quantities Percentage and the Original Quantities
Percentage shall be those applicable to the Original Year but the
Contract Sales Price shall be that in effect when the relevant
Additional Quantities Payment is invoiced (expressions defined in
the 1981 Sales Contract shall have the same meanings when used in
this Section 6.6).

     6.7  (a)  The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 6 shall extend throughout the term of this
Agreement and shall not be affected by the production rates or
sources of natural gas supplied from the VICO Contract Area or the
Other Contract Areas from time to time during the term hereof.

          (b)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the VICO Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement
exceed in the aggregate the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the
Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be  paid to PERTAMINA
and Contractors hereunder) will not be increased, except in the
event of an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.7(d), and
Contractors, together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with and
have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net natural gas from
reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such excess
quantities.

          (c)  If the quantities of net natural gas produced from
the VICO Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Agreement are
in the aggregate less than the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas,
the Producers' Percentage (and the revenues to be paid to PERTAMINA
and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced, except in the event
of an occurrence contemplated in Section 6.7(d), and the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas, together with
PERTAMINA, will be credited with and have the right to receive
revenue from future marketing opportunities in respect of a
quantity of net natural gas from reserves in the VICO Contract Area
equal to excess quantities delivered from sources within the Other
Contract Areas.

          (d)  If an insufficiency of deliverable reserves of
natural gas shall occur which precludes the delivery from
participating fields within the VICO Contract Area or from
participating fields within either or both of the Other Contract
Areas of the aggregate amount of natural gas committed therefrom
pursuant to this Agreement or to one or both of the supply
agreements referred to in Section 2.3 over the term thereof, then 
such insufficiency shall be delivered from participating fields
within the area(s) not experiencing an insufficiency of deliverable
reserves and the Producer's Percentage shall thereupon be adjusted
(together with a corresponding adjustment to the VICO Contract Gas)
to reflect the revised share of the net natural gas in support of
PERTAMINA's obligations in respect of the Additional Quantities
which will be supplied and delivered from the VICO Contract Area
over the term hereof, such adjustment in the Producer's Percentage
to apply only to payments provided for in this Article 6 received
after the date thereof.  The procedure for determining (a) an
insufficiency in deliverable reserves, (b) the allocation between
the VICO Contract Area and one of the Other Contract Areas of the
right to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the Other Contract
Gas or the allocation between the Other Contract Areas of the right
to supply any deficiency in deliveries of the VICO Contract Gas,
and (c) the calculation of the future Producer's Percentage shall
be made in accordance with principles to be decided upon by
PERTAMINA.

                                 ARTICLE 7

     All disputes arising in connection with this Agreement shall
be finally settled by arbitration conducted in the English language
in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the Rules  of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment
upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for  a
juridical acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement, as
the case may be.

     This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
America.

                                 ARTICLE 8

     VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 and for the giving of notices, responses or other
communications to and from Contractors under this Agreement.  Such
representative may be changed by written notice to such effect from
Contractors to PERTAMINA.<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 9

     Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail or telex to the following addresses:

TO PERTAMINA:

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)
Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
Jakarta, Indonesia 
Attention:  Head of BPPKA

Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
Telecopy:  343882

TO CONTRACTORS:

VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
6th Floor, Kuningan Plazaouth Tower
JL. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
P.O. Box 2828
Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia Division

Cable:  VICO
Telex:  79644421
Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037
          cc:  VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
               One Houston Center
               1221 McKinney
               Suite 624
               P.O. Box 1551
               Houston, Texas 77251-1551
               U.S.A.
               Attention:  Chairman

               Telex:  166-100
               Telecopy:  (713) 754-6698

A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.

                                ARTICLE 10

     10.1 This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except by
written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

     10.2 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be
binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Agreement shall be
assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently 
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contract.

     10.3 The parties to this Agreement shall be the only persons
or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder of the
other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not parties to
this Agreement shall have the right to enforce any of the
obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written but effective as of
January 1, 1990.

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN         VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)



By _____/s/_____________        By _______/s/__________


                                OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.


                                By _______/s/__________



                                ULTRAMAR INDONESIA
                                LIMITED


                                By _______/s/__________



                                UNION TEXAS EAST
                                KALIMANTAN LIMITED


                                By _______/s/__________



                                UNIVERSE GAS & OIL
                                COMPANY, INC.


                                By _______/s/__________



                                VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
                                COMPANY


                                By _______/s/__________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>27
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO 1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT
<TEXT>

                     AMENDMENT TO 1973 SALES CONTRACT


   This Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as of the
3rd day of December, 1973, amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of
the 31st day of August, 1976, and amended and restated as of the
1st day of January, 1990 ("1973 LNG Sales Contract"), is entered
into as of the 1st day of June, 1992 by and between PERUSAHAAN
PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA ("Pertamina"), a state
enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia ("Seller"), on the one
hand, and KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC. ("Kyushu Electric"),
NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION ("Nippon Steel"), and TOHO GAS CO., LTD.
("Toho Gas"), all corporations organized and existing under the
laws of Japan, on the other hand.

                                WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS:
1) The 1973 LNG Sales Contract is between Seller and six Buyers,
   namely CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC. THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER
   CO., INC., KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC., NIPPON STEEL
   CORPORATION, OSAKA GAS CO., LTD., and TOHO GAS CO., LTD.
   (referred to individually as "Buyer" and collectively as
   "Buyers"), and

2) Kyushu Electric, Nippon Steel, and Toho Gas now wish to
   purchase additional quantities of LNG as reflected in paragraph
   1 below and Seller is willing to sell such additional
   quantities.

NOW, THEREFORE, Seller and Kyushu Electric, Nippon Steel and Toho
Gas each hereby agree to the following amendment to the 1973 LNG
Sales Contract:

1. The table set forth in Section 7.1 (a) of the 1973 LNG Sales
   Contract is revised to add 80,435 billion BTU's for Kyushu
   Electric in 1999, 28,066 billion BTU's for Nippon Steel in 1998
   and 1999, and 2,940 billion BTU's for Toho Gas in 1999, and as
   so revised shall read as follows:
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

CALENDAR   FIXED QUANTITY          FIXED QUANTITIES FOR EACH BUYER
  YEAR            PERIOD                      (Billions of BTU'S)
______________________________________________________________________________
___________________________

                              CHUBU     KANSAI    KYUSHU    NIPPON    OSAKA     TOHO

    TOTAL
                              ELECTRIC  ELECTRIC  ELECTRIC  STEEL     GAS       GAS
                              
<S>                           <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>          
<C>   <C>       
1977 Oct. 18 - Dec. 31        6,079.70  1,957.78  1,641.03  1,547.77   7,061.48      -    
18,307.76
1978 Full Year                  54,792    29,389    37,149    29,387     39,741      -      
190.456
1979 Full Year                  71,650    67,459    69,063    30,293     45,801      -       
284.26
1980 Full Year                  87,645   106,520    77,516    31,004     54,260      -      
359,149
1981 Full Year                  87,850   124,023    77,515    31,006     59,427      -      
379,821
1982 Full Year                  87,850   124,023    77,515    31,006     67,179      -      
387,573
1983 Full Year                 117,050   141,543    83,355    31,006     67,179      -      
440.133
1984-1986 Each Full Year       117,050   132,783    86,275    31,006     67,179      -      
434,293
1987-1997 Each Full Year       111,210   132,783    80,435    28,066     67,179      2,940  
422,613
1998 Full Year                 111,210   132,783    80,435    28,066     67,179      2,940  
422,613
1999 Full Year                 111,210   132,783    80,435    28,066     67,179      2,940  
422,613

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
2.  In all other respects, the 1973 LNG Sales Contract shall
    continue in effect and the quantities added under paragraph 1
    above shall be Fixed Quantities under the 1973 LNG Sales
    Contract and treated on an equal basis with other Fixed
    Quantities.

3.  All words and expressions used in this Amendment as defined
    terms shall bear the same meaning as ascribed thereto in the
    1973 LNG Sales Contract.

4.  This Amendment is executed in seven (7) identical
    counterparts, each of which shall have the force and dignity of
    an original, and all of which shall constitute but one and the
    same Amendment.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this
    Amendment to
be duly executed and signed by its duly authorized officer as of
June 1, 1992.


SELLER:                      BUYERS:

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN      KYUSHU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI
NEGARA (PERTAMINA)


BY             /s/           BY                 /s/         
Name: F. ABDA'OE
Title: President Director
                             NIPPON STEEL CORPORATION



                             BY                 /s/           


                             TOHO GAS CO., LTD.



                             BY                   /s/          


EACH OF THE FOLLOWING             WITNESS:
AGREES WITH AND CONSENTS
TO THIS AMENDMENT:



CHUBU ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.    JAPAN INDONESIA LNG CO., LTD.



BY              /s/               BY                /s/           


THE KANSAI ELECTRIC POWER CO., INC.    NISSHO IWAI CORPORATION


BY              /s/               BY                /s/              


OSAKA GAS CO., LTD.



BY              /s/           

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.43
<SEQUENCE>28
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>

          
                                  BONTANG
                      LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT




                                  BETWEEN



            PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                 AS SELLER



                                    AND



                       JAPAN INDONESIA OIL CO., LTD.
                                 AS BUYER



                                   DATED

                             20 February 1992

                                     <PAGE>
                           
                            TABLE  OF CONTENTS
                                                                               
                                                                  
                                                           PAGE
              TABLE OF CONTENTS                           i-iii
              
              PREAMBLE                                     1

ARTICLE   1   DEFINITIONS                                2-9

               1.1 Accepted Date Range(s)                  2
               1.2 Accepted Quantities                     2
               1.3 Additional Quantities                   2
               1.4 Affiliate                               2
               1.5 Allowed Laytime                         2
               1.6 Annual Demurrage Rate                   2
               1.7 Annual Program                          2
               1.8 Bontang Facilities                      3
               1.9 Bontang LNG Facilities                  3
               1.10 Bontang LPG Facilities                 3
               1.11   Business Day                         3
               1.12   Butane                               3
               1.13   Buyer                                3
               1.14   Calculation Date                     4
               1.15   Conditions of Use                    4
               1.16   Contract                             4
               1.17   Contract Sales Prices                4
               1.18   Cubic Meter                          4
               1.19   Delivery Point                       4
               1.20   Fixed Quantities and Fixed Quantity  4
               1.21   Fixed Quantity Period                5
               1.22   Force Majeure                        5
               1.23   Gas Supply Area                      5
               1.24   Independent Surveyor                 5
               1.25   Lifting Obligation                   5
               1.26   LNG                                  5
               1.27   Loading Port                         5
               1.28   Loading Terminal                     5
               1.29   LPG                                  5
               1.30   LPG Tanker                           6
               1.31   Metric Ton or MT                     6
               1.32   Named LPG Tanker                     6
               1.33   Natural Gas                          6
               1.34   Nominated Date Range                 6
               1.35   Nominated Quantities                 6
               1.36   Notice of Readiness                  6
               1.37   Production Sharing Contract(s)       6
               1.38   Program Year                         7
               1.39   Propane                              7
               1.40   Quarter                              7
               1.41   Quarterly Schedule                   7
               1.42   Receiving Facilities                 7
               1.43   Seller                               8
               1.44   Shipment Month                       8
               1.45   Shipment Quarter                     8
               1.46   Suppliers                            8
               1.47   Supply Agreements                    8
               1.48   TBN                                  8
               1.49   Terminal Procedures                  8
               1.50   TOTAL Group                          9
               1.51   Unlifted Quantities                  9
               1.52   UNOCAL Group                         9
               1.53   Used Laytime                         9
               1.54   VICO Group                           9
               1.55   1986 Contracts                       9

ARTICLE  2   SALE AND PURCHASE                            10

ARTICLE  3   SOURCES OF SUPPLY                         11-13

          3.1 Relationship to LNG Processing              11
          3.2 Sources of Natural Gas                      12

ARTICLE  4   COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF CONTRACT        14

ARTICLE  5   QUANTITIES                                15-20

          5.1 Required Deliveries                         15
          5.2 Delivery of Fixed Quantities                15
          5.3 Buyer's Obligation to Lift                  16
          5.4 Allocation of Supplies Between Buyer and Other
              Purchasers of LPG                           19

ARTICLE  6   CONTRACT SALES PRICES                     21-22

          6.1 Contract Sales Prices                       21
          6.2 Calculation of Contract Sales Prices        21

ARTICLE   7  QUALITY AND STATE                            23

          7.1 Specifications                              23
          7.2 Disclaimer of Warranties                    23

ARTICLE   8   TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS                      24

ARTICLE   9   VERIFICATION AND MEASUREMENT                25

          9.1 Inspection                                  25
          9.2 Measurement and Samples                     25

ARTICLE  10   INVOICES AND PAYMENT                     26-29

         10.1 Invoices and Cargo Documents                26
         10.2 Other Invoices                              26
         10.3 Invoice Due Dates, etc.                     26
         10.4 Payment                                     27
         10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make
              Payment                                     28
         10.6 Disputed Invoices                           29

ARTICLE  11   PROGRAMMING AND SHIPPING MOVEMENTS       30-35

         11.1 Annual Programs                             30
         11.2 Quarterly Schedule                          31
         11.3 Nominations                                 32
         11.4 Notification of Expected Arrivals           34
         11.5 LPG Tanker to Arrive Precooled     
ARTICLE  12   DELIVERY                                 36-38

         12.1 Delivery                                    36
         12.2 Loading Terminal, LPG Tankers and Terminal
              Procedures                                  36

ARTICLE  13   ARRIVAL, LOADING TIME AND DEMURRAGE      39-42

         13.1 Notice of Arrival                                39
         13.2 Notice of Readiness and Loading                  39
         13.3 Laytime                                          40
         13.4 Demurrage                                        42

ARTICLE  14   DEPARTURE, MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES AND 
              INSURANCE                                     43-44

         14.1 Departure                                        43
         14.2 Miscellaneous Charges                            43
         14.3 Insurance and Conditions of Use                  43

ARTICLE  15   FORCE MAJEURE                                 45-49

         15.1 Events of Force Majeure                          45
         15.2 Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance         48
         15.3 Effect on Deliveries, Supplies, Term             49

ARTICLE  16   EARLY TERMINATION                                50

ARTICLE  17   ARBITRATION                                      51

ARTICLE  18   APPLICABLE LAW                                   52

ARTICLE  19   CONFIDENTIALITY                               53-54

ARTICLE  20   NOTICES                                       55-56

ARTICLE  21   ASSIGNMENT                                       57

ARTICLE  22   AMENDMENTS                                       58

ARTICLE  23   ENTIRE AGREEMENT                                 59

ARTICLE  24   LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT                         60

ARTICLE  25   HEADINGS                                         61

ARTICLE  26   COUNTERPARTS                                  62-63

EXHIBIT   A   SPECIFICATIONS                                    i

EXHIBIT   B   PROCEDURE FOR CALCULATING ANNUAL DEMURRAGE RATE  ii

ATTACHMENT 1 MEASUREMENT AND SAMPLING PROCEDURES               i-iv

ATTACHMENT 2 TESTING METHOD OF LPG RESIDUAL MATTER              1-8

ATTACHMENT 3 PRECISION FOR RESIDUAL MATTER               (1), a & b
              

LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT

THIS CONTRACT, dated as of the 20th day of February, 1992 is made
by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
("PERTAMINA"), a State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia,
on the one hand, and JAPAN INDONESIA OIL CO., LTD. ("JIOC"), a
corporation organized under the laws of Japan, on the other hand.

In consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

     The terms or expressions below shall have the following
meanings in this Contract:

1.1  Accepted Date Range(s)

     Nominated Date Range(s) acceptable to Seller or date
range(s) established by Seller pursuant to Article 11.3.

1.2  Accepted Quantities

     Nominated Quantities acceptable to Seller or quantities
established by Seller in accordance with Article 11.3.

1.3  Additional Quantities

     As defined in Article 6.2

1.4  Affiliate

     In relation to a corporation or other entity, a corporation
or other entity which is controlled by, which controls, or which
is controlled by a corporation or other entity which also
controls, that corporation or other entity.

1.5  Allowed Laytime

     As defined in Article 13.3.

1.6  Annual Demurrage Rate

     As defined in Article 13.4.

1.7  Annual Program

     As defined in Article 11.1.

1.8  Bontang Facilities

     The Bontang LNG Facilities and the Bontang LPG Facilities.

1.9  Bontang LNG Facilities

     The LNG liquefaction plant facilities located in Bontang,
East Kalimantan, Indonesia, including liquefaction trains and LNG
storage, loading and related facilities and the Natural Gas
transmission pipelines to the liquefaction plant.

1.10 Bontang LPG Facilities

     The facilities in, at or near the Bontang LNG Facilities for
separation of LPG from Natural Gas and for liquefaction and
fractionation of LPG, as well as all related equipment and
facilities; Propane and Butane storage, loading and related
facilities including the Loading Terminal.

1.11 Business Day

     Every day other than a Saturday or Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks are authorized to close in the city in
which the bank designated by Seller or Buyer, as the case may be,
pursuant to Article 10.4 is located.

1.12 Butane

     A mixture predominantly of hydrocarbons, having the
specifications set out in Exhibit A.

1.13 Buyer

     JAPAN INDONESIA OIL CO., LTD., a corporation organised under
the laws of Japan, or the successor(s) in interest of such
corporation, or the permitted assignees(s) of such corporation or
such successor(s) in interest.

1.14 Calculation Date

     As defined in Article 6.1.

1.15 Conditions of Use

     The conditions in effect at the Loading Port at any time as
applied by the operator of the Loading Terminal (including
requirements for undertakings as to liabilities of an LPG Tanker,
its owner, operator or charterer and Buyer) under which an LPG
Tanker is permitted to enter and use the Loading Port.

1.16 Contract

     This LPG Sales and Purchase Contract, including the Exhibits
and Attachments hereto, as it may from time to time be amended,
modified, varied or supplemented in accordance with the terms of
Article 22.

1.17 Contract Sales Prices

     As defined in Article 6.1.

1.18 Cubic Meter

     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
meter.

1.19 Delivery Point

     The point at the Loading Port at which the flange coupling
of Seller's loading line joins the flange coupling of the loading
manifold on board Buyer's LPG Tanker.

1.20 Fixed Quantities and Fixed Quantity

     As defined in Article 5.1.

1.21 Fixed Quantity Period

     As defined in Article 5.1.

1.22 Force Majeure

     As defined in Article 15.1.

1.23 Gas Supply Area

     The contract areas of the VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL Production
Sharing Contracts and such other nearby contract areas in East
Kalimantan, Indonesia as Seller may designate from time to time.

1.24 Independent Surveyor

     As defined in Article 9.1.

1.25 Lifting Obligation

     As defined in Article 5.3.

1.26 LNG

     Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling point
and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

1.27 Loading Port

     The port at the Bontang Facilities.

1.28 Loading Terminal

     The facilities for delivery of LPG into vessels at the
Loading Port.

1.29 LPG

     Propane or Butane, or as the context requires, both Propane
and Butane. A "grade of LPG" refers to either Propane or Butane.

1.30 LPG Tanker

     An ocean-going vessel which is used by the Buyer for
transportation of LPG delivered under this Contract.

1.31 Metric Ton or MT

     A unit of weight equal to 1,000 kilograms.

1.32 Named LPG Tanker

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.33 Natural Gas

     Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons, consisting
essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-combustible
gases in a gaseous state, which is extracted from the subsurface
of the earth in its natural state, separately or together with
liquid hydrocarbons.

1.34 Nominated Date Range

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.35 Nominated Quantities

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.36 Notice of Readiness

     As defined in Article 13.2.

1.37 Production Sharing Contract(s)

     As to PERTAMINA and the VICO Group, the Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990, as may be
hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the one hand, and the
members of the VICO Group on the other.

     As to PERTAMINA and the TOTAL Group, the Amended and
Restated Production Sharing Contract dated January 11, 1991, as
may be hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the one hand, and
the members of the TOTAL Group, on the other.

     As to PERTAMINA and Unocal Indonesia Ltd. ("UNOCAL"), the
Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract dated January
11, 1991, as may be hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the
one hand, and UNOCAL, on the other.

1.38 Program Year

     As defined in Article 11.1.

1.39 Propane

     A mixture predominantly of hydrocarbons, having the
specifications set out in Exhibit A.

1.40 Quarter

     A period of three (3) calendar months commencing on January
1, April 1, July 1 or October 1.

1.41 Quarterly Schedule

     As defined in Article 11.2.

1.42 Receiving Facilities

     Any terminal(s) available to Buyer in Japan for discharge of
LPG, whether or not existing as of the date of this Contract.

1.43 Seller

     Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara
("Seller"), a State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia, or
the successor in interest of such enterprise, or the permitted
assignee of such entity or such successor in interest.

1.44 Shipment Month

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.45 Shipment Quarter

     As defined in Article 11.2.

1.46 Suppliers

     The VICO Group, the TOTAL Group, the UNOCAL Group and
Seller, as suppliers of their respective shares of Natural Gas
produced under the VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL Production Sharing
Contracts from areas within the Gas Supply Area, for the
production of LPG to be sold and delivered hereunder.

1.47 Supply Agreements

     As defined in Article 3.2.

1.48 TBN

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.49 Terminal Procedures

     All procedures established or customarily practiced by the
operator of the Loading Terminal with respect to notifications,
nominations, berthing, lifting, loading, safety procedures for
ship and shore, documentation, departure, measurement and the
like (including, without limitation, Conditions of Use).

1.50 TOTAL Group

     Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., and their
successors in interest.

1.51 Unlifted Quantities

     As defined in Article 5.3.

1.52 UNOCAL Group

     Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd., and
their successors in interest.

1.53 Used Laytime

     As defined in Article 13.3.

1.54 VICO Group

     Virginia International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
Opicoil Houston, Inc. and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and
their successors in interest.

1.55 1986 Contracts

     Seven LPG Sales Contracts dated July 15, 1986 made between
Seller and seven Japanese buyers including Idemitsu Kosan Co.,
Ltd. and Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K.  No reference herein to the 1986
Contracts shall entitle Buyer to receive a copy of or information
concerning the 1986 Contracts; where any matter herein is
ascertained by reference to the 1986 Contracts, PERTAMINA shall
notify Buyer as to such matter, which notification shall be
conclusive and binding on Buyer.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 2
SALE AND PURCHASE


     Seller agrees to sell and deliver at the Delivery Point, and
Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay for, LPG, in the
quantities and at the prices and in accordance with the other
terms and conditions set forth in this Contract.
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 3
SOURCES OF SUPPLY


3.1  Relationship to LNG Processing

     The LPG to be sold hereunder will be produced from Natural
Gas in conjunction with the production and processing of Natural
Gas into LNG at the Bontang LNG Facilities. It is understood that
the production of LPG at the Bontang Facilities is dependent on
the processing of Natural Gas into LNG and that any interruption,
curtailment or suspension of LNG production or deliveries of LNG
at the Bontang Facilities will directly and adversely affect the
production and availability for export of LPG from such
facilities.

     Furthermore, Seller has entered into and made certain
commitments prior to the date hereof to its LNG buyers  in
respect of operational limitations, quantities and specifications
of LNG produced at the Bontang Facilities. The annual Fixed
Quantities have been determined as of the date hereof after
taking these quantities, specifications and limitations into
account. As soon as Seller becomes aware of any circumstances
which may require Seller to take action to meet the above LNG
commitments which would affect LPG production, Seller shall
promptly enter into good faith discussions with Buyer to
determine whether alternative action is available or possible
that could enable Seller to satisfy both its commitments to Buyer
as well as the LNG commitments referred to above. It is
understood that Seller shall take reasonable actions to avoid the
occurrence of any event which would affect LPG production.
However, if Seller nevertheless determines that it must take
action which affects LPG production, such circumstances will
constitute an event of Force Majeure under Article 15.

3.2  Sources of Natural Gas

     (a)  The Natural Gas from which LPG to be sold hereunder is
to be extracted is to be produced from the Gas Supply Area.
Nothing herein shall be construed, however, as conferring upon
Buyer any interest or right in the Gas Supply Area or in Natural
Gas or any hydrocarbon deposit or producing area. No warranty
express or implied is given, nor is there to be construed any
representation, as to the quantity of Natural Gas in, or its
recoverability from, the Gas Supply Area. If during the term of
this Contract Suppliers obtain information from their activities
which indicate unforeseen changes in the proved remaining
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area such
that Seller's ability to perform Seller's obligation hereunder
may be materially and adversely affected, Seller shall promptly
inform Buyer of such situation.

     (b)  Seller represents that Seller will maintain throughout
the term hereof the right to sell all quantities of LPG to be
sold hereunder. In this connection, Seller represents that it has
executed or will execute from time to time, as required in order
to maintain the right to sell all of the quantities of LPG to be
sold hereunder, agreements between itself and the other Suppliers
under which agreements ("Supply Agreements") Suppliers shall
supply Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area for processing into
LPG at the Bontang LPG Facilities and shall make available, for
sale by Seller hereunder, their respective interest in the
quantities of LPG to be sold hereunder.

     (c)  It is understood that, by virtue of the Supply
Agreements, the VICO Group, the TOTAL Group and the UNOCAL Group,
as parties to such Supply Agreements, shall be third-party
beneficiaries of this Contract. The foregoing sentence shall not
be construed as discharging Seller of its obligation to supply
LPG to Buyer in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 4
COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF CONTRACT


     This Contract shall come into full force and effect as of
and from the date hereof, and shall continue in full force and
effect thereafter until December 31, 1994, unless terminated
sooner pursuant to the terms of this Contract; provided, however,
that such provisions of this Contract as are required to give
effect to the rights and obligations of the parties which arise
prior to such date shall continue in full force and effect until
the expiration of the parties' respective obligations to sell and
purchase LPG hereunder.

     If Seller and Buyer so agree at least one (1) year prior to
the date this contract would otherwise expire, the term of this
contract may be extended for an additional term on such terms and
conditions as may be mutually agreed.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 5
QUANTITIES


5.1  Required Deliveries

     During each annual period (each such period is hereinafter
referred to as a "Fixed Quantity Period") specified below, Seller
shall sell and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase,
receive and pay for, at the applicable Contract Sales Prices, the
quantity of LPG specified for Buyer for such period (each such
quantity is hereinafter individually referred to as a "Fixed
Quantity" and as "Fixed Quantities" when referring to more than
one such quantity) as follows :

            Fixed Quantity   Fixed Quantities for
            Period           Buyer in Thousands of
                             Metric Tons of LPG
            __________________________________________________
            Jan 1 - Dec. 31, 1992            85
            Jan 1 - Dec. 31, 1993            85
            Jan 1 - Dec. 31, 1994            85
            __________________________________________________
              
  5.2   Delivery of Fixed Quantities
  
   (a)  Within each calendar year the quantities to be
  delivered by Seller and received by Buyer shall be delivered
  and received at rates and intervals which are reasonably
  constant over the course of such period, after taking into
  consideration all commitments of Seller, the requirements of
  other purchasers of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities,
  constraints at the Loading Port and the Loading Terminal and
  fluctuations in production rates of LPG due to changes in
  production rates of LNG at the Bontang LNG Facilities, so as
  to ensure as nearly as practicable uninterrupted operation
  of the Bontang Facilities.  Buyer further agrees that it
  will not be entitled to any quantities in any Quarter to the
  extent that such quantities, when added to all other
  quantities of LPG scheduled to be delivered from the loading
  port to Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. and Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K.
  in the same Quarter, exceed twenty five percent (25 %) of
  the sum of Buyer's Fixed Quantity for the Fixed Quantity
  Period plus such other quantities to be delivered from the
  loading port to Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd., and Showa Shell
  Sekiyu K.K. in the same Fixed Quantity Period.  Seller and
  Buyer agree to cooperate with each other for smooth delivery
  of Fixed Quantities.
  
   (b)  The Fixed Quantity to be delivered to Buyer in any
  Fixed Quantity Period will consist of each grade of LPG in
  accordance with the following: forty-five (45) to fifty-five
  (55) percent Propane and fifty-five (55) to forty-five (45)
  percent Butane.
  
  5.3   Buyer's Obligation to Lift
  
   (a)  Buyer will be obligated to lift, in accordance with
  Article 11, the Fixed Quantity during each Fixed Quantity
  Period (such obligation is hereinafter referred to as the
  "Lifting Obligation" of Buyer). The Lifting Obligation of
  Buyer shall be reduced by the quantity of LPG which Buyer
  was unable to receive because of Force Majeure affecting
  Buyer's ability to receive LPG or because of Seller's
  failure to make such quantity available for delivery due to
  Force Majeure affecting Seller or due to breach by Seller of
  its obligations hereunder.
  
   (b)  If Buyer should fail to take delivery of LPG or if
  at any time Seller shall have reason to believe that Buyer
  will be unable to take delivery of LPG in accordance with
  Article 11, Seller shall so notify Buyer, specifying the
  quantities of each grade of LPG involved (quantities with
  respect to which Seller issues a notice pursuant to this
  paragraph (b) are hereinafter referred to as the "Unlifted
  Quantities"). Upon receipt of such notice from Seller, Buyer
  shall promptly advise Seller in writing whether Buyer wishes
  to reschedule the lifting of the Unlifted Quantities during
  the remainder of the Fixed Quantity Period in question, and
  if so, specifying a Nominated Date Range. If such
  rescheduling is acceptable to Seller, having regard to
  Seller's and the Loading Terminal's operations and schedules
  and, in particular, the provisions of Article 5.2 (a),
  Seller will so notify Buyer and the Unlifted Quantities will
  be rescheduled and lifted pursuant to Article 11
  accordingly.
  
   (c)  If Buyer fails promptly to provide notice as
  provided in paragraph (b) or if the rescheduling pursuant to
  paragraph (b) above is not acceptable to Seller, Seller may
  take at any time thereafter whatever steps Seller
  determines, in its sole discretion, are appropriate and may
  flare, sell, curtail LPG production, "spike" or combine such
  LPG with LNG or condensate or otherwise dispose of Unlifted
  Quantities. Seller shall use all reasonable efforts to sell
  such Unlifted Quantities to a third party. If Seller flares,
  sells, spikes or otherwise disposes or curtails production
  of LPG, Seller shall so notify Buyer and keep Buyer apprised
  of all such actions being taken and shall provide Buyer with
  reasonable access to plant operating data and records
  relating thereto, including Seller's records of sales to
  third parties.
  
   (d)  If Buyer fails to lift the Accepted Quantities
  within the Accepted Date Range, as the same may have been
  modified by Seller pursuant to paragraph (b) above, Buyer
  will pay to Seller the amount equivalent to the "Damages"
  determined in accordance with (i) below after the deduction
  of the sum of the "Credits" referred to in paragraph (ii)
  below; provided, however, that if the sum of such Credits
  equals or exceeds the Damages, Seller shall have no
  obligation to the Buyer to account for the Credits or any
  such excess.
  
        (i)  Damages shall be calculated as follows :
        D    =    (AQ x 95% - LQ) x P
        D    --   Damages
        AQ   --   Accepted Quantity (less any quantities
                    rescheduled by Seller).
        LQ   --   That proportion of Accepted Quantities
                    lifted by Buyer during the Accepted Date
                    Range.
        P    --   The Contract Sales Price for the
                    applicable grade of LPG in effect on the
                    last day of the Accepted Date Range of the
                    Accepted Quantity.
  
        (ii) Credits for any acts taken by Seller pursuant
  to paragraph (c) above in respect of Unlifted Quantities
  shall be calculated in accordance with the following :
  
             (A)  the amount of proceeds actually received
  by Seller for any sales made to a third party referred to in
  paragraph (c) above (after deducting direct expenses of the
  sale) up to the amount Seller would have received from Buyer
  based on the Contract Sales Prices in effect on the last day
  of the Accepted Date Range; and
  
             (B)  the value of Butane "spiked" with
  condensate from Natural Gas which is itself sold to third
  parties calculated on the basis of ninety percent (90%) of
  the Contract Sales Price for Butane in effect on the last
  day of the Accepted Date Range; and
  
             (C)  the value of LPG "spiked" with LNG or LPG
  not produced as a consequence of curtailed production
  ("Spiked and Not Produced LPG") calculated on the basis of
  fifty percent (50%) of the Contract Sales Price for the
  applicable grade of LPG in effect on the last day of the
  Accepted Date Range, provided, the aggregate quantity of
  Spiked and Not Produced LPG in the Fixed Quantity Period in
  question does not exceed ten percent (10%) of the Fixed
  Quantity. No credit will be given for Spiked and Not
  Produced LPG exceeding ten percent (10%) of the Fixed
  Quantity for such Fixed Quantity Period.
  
   (e)  The undertakings referred to in Article 11.3 (f)
  shall be deemed to have been discharged in case that the
  actual lifting is made within the plus or minus five percent
  (5%) operational lifting tolerance referred to in Article
  12.1 (d).
  
   (f)  Seller shall invoice the amount calculated on the
  basis of (d) above, to Buyer on the forty-fifth (45th) day
  of the next calendar year following the end of the year in
  which such failure to lift has occurred. Such invoice shall
  be payable by Buyer within fifteen (15) days of receipt.
  
  5.4   Allocation of Supplies Between Buyer and Other
  Purchasers of LPG
  
   If the supplies of Propane and/or Butane capable of being
  produced and loaded at the Bontang Facilities are or are
  reasonably anticipated to be in any period less than the
  commitments of Seller to supply the applicable grade of LPG
  to be shipped from the Loading Port in that period
  (including the commitment to Buyer hereunder), and such
  condition is due to an event of Force Majeure affecting the
  Loading Port or the Bontang Facilities or the Gas Supply
  Area, then the supplies of such grade of LPG which remain
  available will be allocated first to those commitments of
  Seller providing for deliveries of fixed contract quantities
  from the Loading Port over a term of at least ten (10)
  years.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 6
  CONTRACT SALES PRICES
  
  
  6.1   Contract Sales Prices
  
   The prices applicable to quantities of Propane and Butane
  delivered hereunder and to quantities of LPG not taken by
  Buyer for which Buyer is subject to payment of Damages
  pursuant to Article 5.3 are herein called the "Contract
  Sales Prices", and are expressed in United States Dollars
  per Metric Ton ("U.S. $ / MT").  Buyer shall pay for LPG, in
  the manner provided in Article 10, at the Contract Sales
  Price for the applicable grade of LPG calculated in
  accordance with Article 6.2 as of the bill of lading date,
  or, in the case of LPG not taken for which Buyer is subject
  to payment of Damages pursuant to Article 5.3, as of the
  last day of the applicable Accepted Date Range. Either such
  date is hereinafter referred to as the "Calculation Date".
  
  6.2   Calculation of Contract Sales Prices
  
   The Contract Sales Price ("CSP") for the applicable grade
  of LPG shall be calculated as of the Calculation Date in
  accordance with the following formula :
  
             CSP = A + U.S.$2.00
  
   where 'A' is the price in U.S.$ / MT applicable at the
  Calculation Date to Additional Quantities of LPG sold in the
  relevant Fixed Quantity Period from the Bontang LPG
  Facilities to the buyers party to the 1986 Contracts;
  "Additional Quantities" for this purpose means quantities,
  if any, equal to the difference between 385,000 Metric Tons
  and the fixed quantities (as adjusted by Seller) applicable
  to the Bontang LPG Facilities under the 1986 Contracts, sold
  to any buyer thereunder pursuant to an offer by Seller under
  the side letters to the 1986 Contracts; provided that if
  there are no such Additional Quantities, the Contract Sales
  Price shall be:
  
   (i)  the price applicable to additional quantities
  delivered from the Arun LPG facilities at Arun, North
  Sumatra and sold in the relevant Fixed Quantity Period to
  the buyers party to the 1986 Contracts plus U.S.$2.00;
  
   or, in the absence of any such price,
  
   (ii) such price (not in any event less than the contract
  sales price under the 1986 Contracts + U.S.$2.00) as Buyer
  and Seller shall agree having regard to prevailing market
  conditions.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 7
  QUALITY AND STATE
  
  
  7.1   Specifications
  
   Propane and Butane purchased and sold hereunder shall be
  delivered to Buyer in a refrigerated liquid condition and
  shall have the respective specifications set forth in
  Exhibit A for Propane and Butane.
  
  7.2   Disclaimer of Warranties
  
   There are no guaranties or warranties express or implied
  of merchantability, fitness, suitability of the LPG for any
  particular purpose, or otherwise, or of its composition
  except as stated in Article 7.1.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 8
  TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS
  
  
   Delivery shall be deemed completed and title and risk of
  loss shall pass at the Loading Port as LPG reaches the
  Delivery Point at which point Seller's responsibility shall
  cease and Buyer shall assume all risk of loss, damage,
  deterioration or evaporation as to the LPG so delivered. It
  is expressly understood that the passage of title and risk
  as aforesaid is not conditioned on delivery of a bill of
  lading or other title document.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 9
  VERIFICATION AND MEASUREMENT
  
  9.1   Inspection
  
   The quality and quantity of each shipment of LPG
  hereunder shall be determined by measurement and
  calculations conducted at the Loading Port by an independent
  firm of inspectors (to be mutually agreed upon) in
  accordance with agreed sampling, measurement, and
  calculation procedures based on recognized good standard
  practice (such firm is hereinafter referred to as the
  "Independent Surveyor").  On completion of loading, the
  Independent Surveyor shall prepare and sign certificates
  stating the quality and quantity of each grade of LPG
  loaded, such certificates to conform to a mutually-agreed
  standard form for this purpose.  The Independent Surveyor
  shall promptly provide Seller with a copy of such
  certificates and Seller shall thereupon prepare a bill of
  lading in accordance with the reasonable instructions of
  Buyer.  The bill of lading shall be promptly signed and
  issued by the vessel's master or the authorised
  representative of the carrier.  The data in the certificates
  of quality and quantity prepared by the Independent Surveyor
  shall, absent fraud or manifest error, and subject to the
  provisions of Article 17, be binding and conclusive upon
  both parties, and shall be used by Seller in preparing the
  invoice.  Any costs attendant to utilizing the Independent
  Surveyor shall be borne equally by Seller and Buyer.
  
  9.2   Measurement and Samples
  
   Measurement of the quantities and the sampling and
  analysis for the purpose of determining the quality of the
  LPG in each shipment shall be carried out in accordance with
  the procedures set forth in Attachment 1 to this Contract,
  and samples shall be retained by Seller for at least ninety
  (90) days.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 10
  INVOICES AND PAYMENT
  
  
  10.1  Invoices and Cargo Documents
  
   Promptly after completion of loading of each LPG Tanker,
  Seller shall furnish by telex or telegram to Buyer an
  invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars, in the amount of the
  Contract Sales Prices for the number of Metric Tons
  delivered.  At the same time, Seller shall send to Buyer a
  signed copy of the invoice and relevant documents showing
  the basis for the calculation thereof, together with such
  other customary documents concerning the cargo as may be
  reasonably requested by Buyer for the purpose of Japanese
  customs clearance.
  
  10.2  Other Invoices
  
   Except as provided in Article 10.1, in the event that any
  moneys are due from one party to the other hereunder
  (including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to
  Article 5.3 on account of failure by Buyer to meet its
  Lifting Obligation) then the party to whom such moneys are
  due shall furnish or cause to be furnished an invoice
  therefor and relevant documents showing the basis for the
  calculation thereof.  Such invoice may be sent by telex or
  telegram, provided that signed copies of such invoice and
  such relevant documents are also sent at the same time.
  
  10.3  Invoice Due Dates, etc.
  
   (a)  Each invoice to Buyer referred to in Article 10.1
  shall become due and payable by Buyer on the thirtieth
  (30th) calendar day after the date of the bill of lading for
  the LPG cargo in question.  The failure by a vessel's master
  or authorised representative of the carrier to promptly sign
  and issue a bill of lading shall not constitute grounds for
  delay of payment by Buyer.  Each invoice referred to in
  Article 10.2 (except the invoice referred to in Article 5.3)
  shall become due and payable on the thirtieth (30th)
  calendar day after receipt thereof by the party to which it
  was sent.
  
   (b)  If any invoice would become due on a date which is
  not a Business Day, such invoice shall, notwithstanding the
  provisions of paragraph (a) above, become due and payable on
  the next succeeding Business Day.
  
   (c)  In the event the full amount of any invoice is not
  paid by either Seller or Buyer when due, any unpaid amount
  thereof shall bear interest from the due date until paid, at
  an interest rate, compounded annually, two (2) percentage
  points greater than the time-weighted average rate being
  charged during the period of delinquency by Citibank, N.A.,
  New York, New York, to its prime commercial customers for
  ninety (90) days loans.
  
  10.4  Payment
  
   Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars by
  telegraphic transfer remittance in immediately-available
  funds, all amounts which become due and payable by Buyer
  pursuant to any invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account
  or accounts in the United States to be designated by Seller,
  provided that each such designation or change thereto shall
  be effective only upon the written consent of the VICO
  Group, the TOTAL Group and the UNOCAL Group, as third-party
  beneficiaries hereunder.  Seller shall pay, or cause to be
  paid, in U.S. Dollars by telegraphic transfer remittance in
  immediately-available funds, all amounts which become due
  and payable by Seller pursuant to any invoice issued
  hereunder, to a bank account designated by Buyer.  The
  paying party shall not be responsible for a designated
  bank's disbursement of amounts remitted to such bank, and a
  deposit in immediately-available funds of the full amount of
  each invoice with such bank shall constitute full discharge
  and satisfaction of the obligations under this Contract for
  which such amounts were remitted.  Each payment of any
  amount owing hereunder shall be in the full amount due
  without reduction or offset for any reason, including,
  without limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank transfer
  charges.
  
  10.5  Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
  
   If payment of any invoice for quantities of LPG sold
  hereunder or for that portion of Buyer's Lifting Obligation
  for which Buyer is subject to payment of Damages pursuant to
  Article 5.3 (d) is not made within ten (10) days after the
  due date thereof, Seller shall be entitled, upon giving
  written notice to Buyer, to suspend subsequent shipments and
  sales to Buyer until the amount of such invoice and interest
  thereon has been paid.  Buyer shall not be entitled to any
  make-up rights in respect of such suspended shipments and
  sales.  If any such invoice is not paid within thirty (30)
  days after the due date thereof, then Seller shall have the
  right, at Seller's election, to terminate this Contract and
  such termination shall become effective upon the date of
  such notice of termination from Seller.  Seller's rights
  under this Article 10.5 and Seller's exercise of any of such
  rights shall be without prejudice to any other rights and
  remedies of Seller arising hereunder or by law or otherwise
  (including without limitation the right of Seller to demand
  adequate security of Buyer's performance under circumstances
  permitted by New York law, and to receive payment of all
  obligations and claims which arose or accrued prior to
  termination or by reason of default in payment by Buyer).
  
    <PAGE>
10.6    Disputed Invoices
  
   In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice, the
  invoiced party shall make provisional payment of the total
  amount thereof and shall immediately notify the other party
  of the reasons for such disagreement, except that in the
  case of obvious error in computation the correct amount
  shall be paid disregarding such error. Invoices may be
  contested or modified only if, within a period of ninety
  (90) days after receipt thereof, Buyer or Seller serves
  notice on the other, questioning their correctness.  If no
  such notice is duly served, invoices shall be deemed correct
  and accepted by both parties.  Promptly after resolution of
  any dispute as to an invoice, the amount of any overpayment
  or underpayment shall be paid by Seller or Buyer to the
  other, as the case may be, plus interest at the rate
  provided in Article 10.3 from the date payment was due to
  the date of payment.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 11
  PROGRAMMING AND SHIPPING MOVEMENTS
  
  
  11.1  Annual Programs
  
   Not later than October fifteenth (15th) of each year,
  Seller shall give written notice to Buyer of the quantities
  of Propane and Butane available for delivery hereunder at
  the Loading Port during the next calendar year.
  
   On or before October twenty-fifth (25th) of each calendar
  year after receipt of the foregoing notice, Buyer shall
  advise Seller in writing of the portion (if any) of the
  Fixed Quantity Buyer wishes to take during each Quarter of
  the following year (the "Program Year") specifying the
  quantities of each grade of LPG it wishes to take in each
  such Quarter.  Seller and Buyer shall thereupon consult
  together with a view to reaching agreement, by November
  eighth (8th) of the year preceding the Program Year, upon a
  program for the quantities of each grade of LPG to be
  shipped hereunder from the  Loading Port during each Quarter
  during the Program Year (the "Annual Program").  If no such
  agreement shall have been reached as to an Annual Program by
  November eighth (8th) of the year preceding the Program
  Year, or if Buyer shall have not notified Seller of its
  requested quarterly quantities of LPG by October twenty-
  fifth (25th) of such year, Seller shall be entitled, using
  reasonable discretion, to establish upon notice made to
  Buyer by November tenth (10th) of the same year, the Annual
  Program for the Program Year (including, without limitation,
  the breakdown of the Fixed Quantity into each grade of LPG). 
  In so doing, Seller shall take into consideration the
  contents of the above notice from Buyer, Seller's
  commitments to other purchasers of LPG from the Bontang LPG
  Facilities, the production ratio of Butane and Propane at
  the Loading Port and the provisions of Article 5.2.
  
   For the Program Year 1992, Seller and Buyer shall
  exchange the above information promptly upon execution of
  this Contract and shall thereupon consult together upon the
  Annual Program; but if the Annual Program is not agreed
  within 14 days after execution hereof Seller may establish
  the Annual Program on the basis provided in the foregoing
  paragraph.
  
  11.2  Quarterly Schedule
  
   (a)  Not later than the twenty-fifth (25th) day of the
  first month of each Quarter commencing with the first
  Quarter of 1992, Buyer shall advise Seller in writing of the
  quantities of each grade of LPG Buyer wishes to take during
  each calendar month of the succeeding Quarter (the "Shipment
  Quarter") with respect to each calendar month based on the
  quantities established under the Annual Program for such
  Quarter; provided, however, that with respect to such notice
  given in the last Quarter of any calendar year, the
  quantities shall be based on Buyer's notice referred to in,
  and shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with,
  Article 11.1.
  
   (b)  Following receipt of the notice referred to in
  Article 11.2 (a), Seller and Buyer shall thereupon consult
  together with a view to reaching agreement upon, by the
  eighth (8th) day of the second month of the Quarter
  preceding the Shipment Quarter, a loading schedule for the
  Shipment Quarter, specifying the month in which each
  shipment of LPG is to be made in the Shipment Quarter and
  the quantities of each grade of LPG to be shipped
  ("Quarterly Schedule").  If no such agreement shall have
  been reached as to a Quarterly Schedule by the eighth (8th)
  day of the second month of the Quarter preceding the
  Shipment Quarter, or if Buyer shall have not issued a notice
  to Seller in accordance with Article 11.2 (a), Seller shall
  be entitled, using reasonable discretion, to establish, upon
  notice made to Buyer by the tenth (10th) day of the second
  month of the Quarter preceding the Shipment Quarter, the
  Quarterly Schedule.  In so doing, Seller shall take into
  consideration the contents of the notice from Buyer referred
  to in Article 11.2 (a), Seller's commitments to other
  purchasers of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities, and the
  provisions of Article 5.2.
  
   (c)  For the first Shipment Quarter in 1992, Buyer shall
  advise Seller of the information in paragraph (a) above
  promptly upon execution of this Contract and Buyer and
  Seller shall thereupon consult together upon the Quarterly
  Schedule; but if the Quarterly Schedule is not agreed within
  14 days after execution hereof Seller may establish the
  Quarterly Schedule on the basis provided in the foregoing
  paragraph.
  
  11.3  Nominations
  
   (a)  An Accepted Date Range shall be a five (5) day
  period of time determined in respect of each shipment
  hereunder in accordance with the provisions of this Article. 
  Each date range proposed by either party or established by
  the Seller as the Accepted Date Range shall, unless
  otherwise agreed, be a period of five (5) days.
  
   (b)  No later than the twentieth (20th) day of the second
  calendar month preceding each month in which shipments of
  LPG are projected to be made hereunder in accordance with
  the most recent Quarterly Schedule covering such month
  ("Shipment Month"), Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  range(s) of days which Buyer proposes ("Nominated Date
  Range(s)"), as to each shipment in that month, the quantity
  of each grade of LPG to be shipped ("Nominated Quantities")
  based on the quantities established in the Quarterly
  Schedule for such month, and the name of the LPG Tanker
  ("Named LPG Tanker") or that it is a "to be named" LPG
  Tanker ("TBN").
  
   (c)  Seller shall respond to Buyer's notice referred to
  in paragraph (b) above no later than the first (1st) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month
  as to whether Nominated Date Range(s), Nominated Quantities
  and other requests are acceptable, and if they are, the
  Nominated Date Range(s) and Nominated Quantities of each
  grade of LPG shall be the Accepted Date Range(s) and the
  Accepted Quantities for the Shipment Month.  If the
  Nominated Date Range(s) or Nominated Quantities or other
  requests are not acceptable to Seller, Seller shall propose
  the minimum modifications to Buyer's requests required to
  accommodate Seller's and the Loading Terminal's operations
  and schedules.  Buyer and Seller shall consult together with
  a view to reaching agreement upon, by the sixth (6th) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  a mutually-acceptable schedule of shipments, quantities and
  date range(s).
  
   (d)  If no agreement shall have been reached as to date
  range(s) and/or quantities by the sixth (6th) day of the
  calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  Seller shall be entitled, using reasonable discretion, to
  establish, upon notice to Buyer by the eighth (8th) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  the necessary date range(s) for shipments hereunder, which
  shall be deemed to be the Accepted Date Range(s), and/or the
  quantity of each grade of LPG to be shipped in relation to
  each such range, which shall be deemed to be the Accepted
  Quantities, for the Shipment Month.
  
   (e)  For the first Shipment Month, if so required due to
  the Quarterly Schedule proposed by Buyer pursuant to Article
  11.2, Buyer shall advise Seller of the information in
  paragraph (b) above promptly upon execution of this Contract
  and Buyer and Seller shall thereupon consult together upon a
  mutually-acceptable schedule of shipments, quantities and
  date range(s); but if such schedule is not agreed within
  fourteen (14) days after execution hereof Seller may
  establish such schedule on the basis provided in the
  foregoing paragraph.
  
   (f)  Buyer and Seller shall be deemed to have undertaken
  to receive and to deliver, respectively, the Accepted
  Quantities during the Accepted Date Range(s).
  
  11.4  Notification of Expected Arrivals
  
   Not later than seven (7) days prior to the first day of
  each Accepted Date Range, Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  expected date of arrival of the LPG Tanker scheduled to
  receive the LPG, and written instructions regarding the
  making up and disposition of bills of lading and orders for
  port(s) of discharge, which, if reasonable, shall be
  complied with by Seller.  Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  name of any LPG Tanker previously advised as a TBN as soon
  as possible but in no event later than the last day for the
  naming of a vessel under Terminal Procedures.  Buyer may
  thereafter substitute another LPG Tanker of similar class,
  type, size, capacity and position, provided all other
  provisions hereof are complied with and further provided
  that the advice of substitution is timely under Terminal
  Procedures.
  
  11.5  LPG Tanker to Arrive Precooled
  
   Upon arrival at the Loading Port, any LPG Tanker which
  does not have its cargo tanks adequately precooled, or is in
  any other way not fit or ready for the receipt of the LPG as
  required by the Terminal Procedures will, if scheduling and
  other operational considerations permit, be cooled down at
  the berth at Buyer's expense.  Laytime will be extended for
  any time required for cooldown, such time to begin when the
  vessel starts to receive LPG for cooling and to end when the
  required loading temperature is reached.  Cooldown LPG will
  be measured in the same manner as LPG for delivery and
  charged at the Contract Sales Prices in effect at the time
  of delivery.  Should the extended berth time cause a
  conflict with LNG delivery schedules, Buyer shall cause the
  LPG Tanker to vacate the berth and return later to continue
  cooldown or loading, as the case may be.  All laytime,
  harbor fees and port charges for vacating and returning to
  the berth under these circumstances will be for Buyer's
  account.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 12
  DELIVERY
  
  
  12.1  Delivery
  
   (a)  Delivery of the LPG shall be made F.O.B. by Seller
  to Buyer at the Loading Terminal in bulk into LPG Tankers
  arranged by Buyer. The LPG shall be transported to and
  unloaded at the Receiving Facilities.
  
   (b)  Buyer shall return to Seller free of charge the
  vapor from Buyer's LPG Tankers during loading and cooling
  operations.
  
   (c)  It is intended that all deliveries will be made in
  full LPG Tanker cargo lots.  However, Seller and Buyer will
  endeavour to accommodate the other party's request for part-
  cargo shipments if such accommodation is possible taking
  into account shipping and production schedules and ullage at
  the Bontang Facilities.
  
   (d)  Buyer shall take delivery of the Accepted Quantities
  of LPG scheduled to be loaded, subject to a plus or minus
  five percent (5%) operational lifting tolerance to account
  for operational limitations of LPG Tankers.
  
  12.2  Loading Terminal, LPG Tankers and Terminal
        Procedures
  
   (a)  Buyer shall provide LPG Tankers at the Loading Port
  to take delivery of LPG which have the following general
  specifications and such other specifications as may be
  required pursuant to paragraph (b) below:
  
   LPG Tanker capacity :    15,000 to 100,000 Cubic Meters
   Total deadweight    :    up to 65,000 metric tons
   Length overall      :    159 to 255 meters
   Beam extreme        :    up to 40 meters
   Maximum draft       :    up to 12.5 meters
  
   (b)  Seller shall provide at the Loading Terminal a
  berth, mooring or other area capable of handling LPG Tankers
  which are within the specifications set out in paragraph (a)
  above and Article 12.1 (c). Seller shall furnish with
  reasonable dispatch, upon Buyer's request therefore, all
  necessary information concerning restrictions applicable at
  the Loading Port and the Loading Terminal with respect to
  maximum draft, length and the like in addition to those set
  out in paragraph (a) above, Terminal Procedures relevant to
  LPG Tanker operations, and special or non-customary
  requirements of governmental authorities at the Loading Port
  with respect to LPG Tanker operations therein.  Buyer shall
  be deemed to be fully familiar with such restrictions,
  Terminal Procedures, and requirements, provided that Seller
  has furnished and Buyer has received such information as has
  been requested as aforesaid.  Buyer shall not nominate or
  furnish an LPG Tanker which does not conform to the
  aforesaid restrictions, Terminal Procedures, and
  requirements.  Buyer acknowledges that the Terminal
  Procedures and regulations of governmental authorities with
  jurisdiction over the Loading Port apply to the loading and
  receipt of the LPG and to Buyer's LPG Tankers thereat.  If
  Buyer's LPG Tanker does not conform to the Terminal
  Procedures or the requirements or regulations of the
  governmental authorities with respect to safety, size, age
  of the vessel, vessel movements, navigation and operating
  standards, discharge, and the like, or the master of the LPG
  Tanker fails to execute Conditions of Use then employed at
  the Loading Port, Seller may refuse to berth or load the LPG
  Tanker and any delays or expenses of Seller and Buyer due to
  such non-conformance, whether Seller so refuses or proceeds
  with berthing or loading, shall be for Buyer's account.
  
   (c)  Each of Buyer's LPG Tankers shall be designed and at
  all times be equipped and manned so as to safely receive, at
  the Delivery Point, Propane and Butane simultaneously for
  loading at a rate for each grade of LPG of not less than
  1,700 Cubic Meters per hour or, if loading one grade of LPG
  through two loading arms (if the LPG Tankers' manifold
  configuration so permits), 3,400 Cubic Meters per hour, or
  if loading Butane and Propane sequentially, at a rate of not
  less than 1,700 Cubic Meters per hour.
  
   (d)  The provisions of this Contract applicable to LPG
  Tankers shall apply whether an LPG Tanker is owned or
  operated by Buyer or otherwise employed by Buyer.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 13
  ARRIVAL, LOADING TIME AND DEMURRAGE
  
  
  13.1  Notice of Arrival
  
   (a)  Buyer shall arrange for each LPG Tanker to report by
  radio to the Loading Terminal or to Seller at the Loading
  Port a notice of the LPG Tanker's estimated time of arrival,
  initially within seventy-two (72) hours prior to the LPG
  Tanker's arrival at the Loading Port.  Such notice shall
  include a statement of the expected temperature of the
  bottom of the cargo tanks on arrival.
  
   (b)  Buyer shall arrange for each LPG Tanker to report by
  radio to the Loading Terminal or to Seller at the Loading
  Port forty-eight (48) and twenty-four (24) hours before
  arrival thereat (or at such other times as Buyer may be
  advised by Seller), stating the estimated time of arrival.
  
  13.2  Notice of Readiness and Loading
  
   As soon as the LPG Tanker arrives at the sea buoy of the
  Loading Port, the master shall give notice of readiness to
  Seller ("Notice of Readiness"); provided, however, that in
  the event an LPG Tanker should arrive at the Loading Port
  prior to the first day of the Accepted Date Range, Notice of
  Readiness shall be deemed effective at the earlier of (i)
  06.00 a.m. local time on the first day of the Accepted Date
  Range or such earlier time as applicable port regulations
  designate that vessels are permitted to proceed to berth, or
  (ii) the time loading commences.
  
  13.3  Laytime
  
   (a)  The allowed laytime for Seller to load each LPG
  Tanker ("Allowed Laytime") shall be four (4) hours plus
  either (i) one hour for every 1,700 Cubic Meters comprising
  the Accepted Quantities, if loading Propane or Butane
  sequentially, or (ii) one hour for every 3,400 Cubic Meters
  comprising the Accepted Quantities, if loading Propane and
  Butane simultaneously or if loading one grade of LPG through
  two loading arms, subject to adjustment as provided below
  and in Article 12.1 (d).
  
   (b)  The actual laytime for each LPG Tanker ("Used
  Laytime") shall commence (i) six (6) hours after the time
  when the Notice of Readiness is tendered by the LPG Tanker's
  master or six (6) hours after the Notice of Readiness is
  deemed effective pursuant to Article 13.2, whichever is
  later, or (ii) when the LPG Tanker is "all fast alongside"
  the berth and ready to receive cooldown LPG or cargo,
  whichever of the foregoing first occurs, and shall end when
  the loading and return lines of the LPG Tanker are
  disconnected from the Loading Terminal's loading and return
  lines.  Where delay is caused to an LPG Tanker getting into
  berth after giving Notice of Readiness for any reason over
  which neither Seller nor the Loading Terminal has control,
  such delay shall not count as Used Laytime.  If an LPG
  Tanker's  Notice of Readiness is tendered on a date later
  than the last day of the Accepted Date Range, the LPG Tanker
  shall await its turn to load in accordance with Terminal
  Procedures, and Used Laytime shall commence when the LPG
  Tanker is "all fast alongside" the berth and ready to
  receive LPG.  Any delay due solely to the LPG Tanker's
  condition or breakdown or inability of the LPG Tanker's
  facilities to load LPG within the time allowed or at the
  rate set forth in Article 12.2 (c) shall not count as Used
  Laytime or time on demurrage.
  
   (c)  The periods mentioned below shall be reduced from
  Used Laytime and shall not count as time on demurrage:
  
        (i)  any period during which proceeding from the
  anchorage, berthing, loading or clearing the LPG Tanker to
  proceed to sea after completion of loading is delayed,
  hindered or suspended by Buyer, the LPG Tanker's owner, the
  LPG Tanker's master, or any third party or governmental
  authority for reasons of safety, weather or for other
  reasons over which Seller has no control;
  
        (ii) any period of delay attributable to the
  operation of the LPG Tanker including the period of time
  such LPG Tanker awaits a berth by reason of the LPG Tanker
  being unable to receive LPG under this Contract or under the
  Terminal Procedures; 
  
        (iii) any period during which the LPG Tanker's tanks
  are being cooled to a temperature that will permit
  continuous loading of LPG in accordance with Terminal
  Procedures;
  
        (iv) any period in excess of Allowed Laytime
  required to load the LPG Tanker due to the LPG Tanker's
  inability to load at the Loading Terminal's normal
  operational loading rate due to limitations placed on the
  loading rate by the LPG Tanker; and
  
        (v)  any period during which the LPG Tanker is
  waiting for all necessary port clearances.
  
  13.4  Demurrage
  
   (a)  If Used Laytime exceeds Allowed Laytime (as adjusted
  in accordance with Article 13.3) in loading any LPG Tanker,
  Seller shall pay to Buyer demurrage at the "Annual Demurrage
  Rate" per day in effect in the calendar year in which Used
  Laytime commenced for the LPG Tanker.  The "Annual Demurrage
  Rate" for each calendar year shall be the rate (in U.S.
  Dollars per day) to be determined in accordance with the
  procedures set out in Exhibit B, and such rate shall be
  notified to Buyer as soon as possible after it has been
  determined.
  
   (b)  If demurrage shall be incurred at the Loading Port
  by reason of fire, explosion, storm or by a strike, lockout,
  stoppage or restraints of labour or by breakdown of
  machinery or equipment in or about the plant of Seller,
  demurrage shall be reduced by one-half of the amount set out
  in Exhibit B.  Seller shall not be liable for any demurrage
  for delay caused by strike, lockout, stoppage or restraints
  of labour for master, officers and crew of the LPG Tanker or
  tugboat or pilots.
  
   (c)  Buyer shall invoice Seller for amounts due under
  this Article 13.4 and Seller shall pay the invoice in
  accordance with the terms of Article 10.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 14
  DEPARTURE, MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES AND INSURANCE
  
  
  14.1  Departure
  
   Each LPG Tanker shall vacate the berth as soon as loading
  is completed, subject to and in accordance with the Terminal
  Procedures.  Any loss or damage incurred by Seller as a
  result of the LPG Tanker's failure promptly to vacate the
  berth, except for any cause over which Buyer has no control,
  shall be paid by Buyer to Seller.
  
  14.2  Miscellaneous Charges
  
   Dues and other charges on the LPG loaded shall be paid by
  Seller.  Dues and other charges on the LPG Tanker, whether
  or not such dues or charges are based on the quantity of LPG
  loaded or the freight and regardless of who is initially
  required to pay or withhold such dues and charges, shall be
  paid or borne by Buyer.  Any taxes on freight shall be borne
  by Buyer.
  
  14.3  Insurance and Conditions of Use
  
   Buyer shall ensure that all LPG Tankers shall be entered
  in a reputable P & I Club acceptable to Seller for all
  risks, including, without limitation, those provided for in
  the Conditions of Use.  All costs related to entering LPG
  Tankers with reputable P & I Clubs shall be at Buyer's
  expense.  Buyer shall ensure that the owner, operator or
  charterer and master of each LPG Tanker shall accept the
  Conditions of Use. The Conditions of Use shall be modified
  by an Omnibus Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers
  and Buyer's Transporter (the "Omnibus Agreement") and a
  Waiver Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers, Buyer's
  Transporter and Buyer (the "Waiver Agreement") in the same
  form and substance as hitherto executed in connection with
  the use of the Loading Port by other LNG and/or LPG vessels.
  Prior to the first sale and delivery of LPG under this
  Contract, Seller shall sign and cause Seller's Suppliers to
  sign the Omnibus Agreement and Waiver Agreement, Buyer shall
  sign and cause Buyer's Transporter to sign the Waiver
  Agreement, and Buyer shall cause Buyer's Transporter to sign
  the Omnibus Agreement.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 15
  FORCE MAJEURE
  
  
  15.1  Events of Force Majeure
  
   (a)  Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be liable for any
  delay or failure in performance hereunder if and to the
  extent such delay or failure in performance is directly
  caused by any of the following causes or events (any such
  cause or event is hereinafter referred to as an event of
  "Force Majeure"):
  
        (i)  As to the Bontang Facilities and the Receiving
  Facilities:
  
             (A)  fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
  lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado, earthquake, landslide,
  soil erosion, subsidence, washout or epidemics;
  
             (B)  war, riot, civil war, blockade,
  insurrection, sabotage, acts of public enemies or civil
  disturbances;
  
             (C)  strike, lockout or other industrial
  disturbances;
  
             (D)  accidental damage to Natural Gas
  reservoirs or Natural Gas production facilities in the Gas
  Supply Area or to the facilities for transportation of
  Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area;
  
             (E)  accidental damage to any of the Bontang
  LPG Facilities or the Bontang LNG Facilities;
  
             (F)  accidental damage to the Receiving
  Facilities capable of receiving the LPG cargo(es) in
  question;
  
             (G)  inability or reduced capacity of
  facilities to produce or ship LNG or other hydrocarbons, in
  either case, requiring a cessation, suspension, interruption
  or curtailment in production or transmission of Natural Gas,
  LPG or LNG;
  
             (H)  depletion, reduction or insufficiency of
  reserves of, or a change in the characteristics of Natural
  Gas from, or a change in the reservoir characteristics of,
  the Gas Supply Area such that the contractual quantities of
  LPG hereunder cannot be produced in a commercial manner; or
  
             (I)  act of government or governmental
  authorities or any law, decree, order or the like, or taking
  or confiscation whether or not acting under color of law,
  that directly affects the ability of a party to perform any
  obligation hereunder other than the obligation to remit
  payments as provided in Article 10.4 hereof on account of
  LPG delivered and taken or not taken and subject to payment
  of Damages under this Contract.
  
        (ii) As to Named LPG Tankers:
  
             (A)  loss of Named LPG Tanker or serious damage
  thereto;
  
             (B)  closing of harbors, ports or other
  facilities;
  
             (C)  accident of navigation or perils of the
  sea;
  
             (D)  fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
  lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado, or epidemics;
  
             (E)  war, riot, civil war, blockade,
  insurrection, acts of public enemies, or civil disturbance;
  
             (F)  strike or other industrial disturbance
  occurring aboard a Named LPG Tanker; or
  
             (G)  acts of government.
  
        (iii)     As to the Bontang Facilities, the
  Receiving Facilities and Named LPG Tankers: any event or
  cause whether or not of the same type or class as described
  above and whether or not foreseeable, reasonably beyond the
  control of the party affected which by the exercise of due
  diligence that party is unable to overcome.
  
   (b)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
  above:
  
        (i)  Buyer shall in no event be relieved of its
  obligations to pay Seller for LPG sold and delivered to it
  hereunder or for payment of Damages pursuant to Article 5.2
  for LPG not taken;
  
        (ii) neither party shall be relieved from any other
  obligations to make payments required hereunder to the other
  party; and
  
        (iii)     neither party shall be relieved from its
  obligation to make payments in immediately available U.S.
  Dollars in the place or places otherwise provided for
  herein.
  
   (c)  Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
  disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the
  party experiencing such situations, and nothing herein shall
  require such party to settle industrial disputes by yielding
  to demands made on it when it considers such action
  inadvisable.
  
  15.2  Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance
  
   (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of Force
  Majeure that gives a party warning that the event may delay
  or prevent the performance by Seller or Buyer of any of its
  obligations hereunder, the party affected shall give notice
  thereof to the other party describing such event and stating
  the obligations the performance of which are, or are
  expected to be, delayed or prevented, and (either in the
  original or in supplemental notices) stating (i) the
  estimated period during which performance may be suspended
  or reduced, including, to the extent known or ascertainable,
  the estimated extent of such reduction in performance, and
  (ii) the particulars of the program to be implemented to
  ensure full resumption of normal performance hereunder.
  
   (b)  In order to promote resumption of normal performance
  of this Contract within the shortest practicable time, the
  party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall take all
  measures to that end which are reasonable in the
  circumstances, taking into account the consequences
  resulting from such event of Force Majeure, provided that
  such party shall not be required to take measures which
  would involve it in material additional expense or in a
  material departure from its normal practices.  Prior to
  resumption of normal performance the parties shall continue
  to perform their obligations under this Contract to the
  extent not prevented by such event of Force Majeure.
  
  15.3  Effect on Deliveries, Supplies, Term
  
   (a)  No curtailment or suspension of deliveries or
  receipt of deliveries shall operate to extend the duration
  of this Contract or to terminate this Contract (except as
  specified in paragraph (c) below).  Neither Buyer nor Seller
  shall be obliged to make up shipments omitted due to Force
  Majeure, whether affecting Seller or Buyer.
  
   (b)  Under no circumstances shall Seller be obliged to
  purchase or otherwise obtain LPG lost or not produced as the
  result of Force Majeure, or to replace or supplement the Gas
  Supply Area as the source of supply of Natural Gas for LPG
  or to replace or supplement the Bontang LPG Facilities for
  production of LPG.  Should Seller obtain or acquire
  alternate LPG supplies, Seller shall not be obligated to
  allocate any such supplies to Buyer.
  
   (c)  If either Buyer's or Seller's performance hereunder
  is delayed or prevented by Force Majeure for more than one
  hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days, the other party
  shall have the right to terminate this Contract upon sixty
  (60) days' prior notice after expiration of such period of
  one hundred and eighty (180) days to the other party
  provided that such event of Force Majeure is not remedied
  within such period of notice.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 16
  EARLY TERMINATION
  
  
   If Buyer shall become insolvent or unable to pay its
  debts as they mature, or commits or suffers any act of
  bankruptcy (including filing or failing to have discharged
  any petition in bankruptcy, reorganization, winding-up,
  liquidation or similar proceeding, the appointment of a
  receiver or trustee of Buyer or its assets, and assignment
  for the benefit of its creditors or similar composition),
  then Buyer shall be in material breach hereunder and (in
  addition to such other remedies as it may have) Seller shall
  have the right to terminate this Contract forthwith upon
  notice to Buyer.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 17
  ARBITRATION
  
  
   Any dispute between Seller and Buyer in connection with
  this Contract or the interpretation, performance or non-
  performance hereof shall be finally settled by arbitration
  pursuant to the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the
  International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC"), in effect at that
  time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in accordance with
  said Rules.  The place at which such arbitration proceedings
  shall be held shall be Paris, France and the arbitrators
  shall be bound to apply the laws of the State of New York in
  determination of the dispute.  The award rendered by the
  arbitrators shall be final and binding upon the parties, and
  may be entered and enforced in any court having
  jurisdiction.  The arbitration proceedings shall be
  conducted in the English language.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 18
  APPLICABLE LAW
  
  
   This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
  accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United
  States of America.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 19
  CONFIDENTIALITY
  
  
   Information or documents furnished by a party to the
  other party hereunder in connection with the performance of
  this Contract, and which the disclosing party identifies as
  confidential may not be used or communicated to third
  parties without the agreement of Seller, in the case of
  information and documents furnished to Buyer, and of Buyer,
  in the case of information and documents furnished to
  Seller. This restriction shall not apply to information or
  documents which:
  
   (a)  have fallen into the public domain otherwise than
  through the act or failure to act of the party that has
  received them;
  
   (b)  are communicated to any Supplier or any Affiliate of
  a party or a Supplier, with the obligation of the receiving
  persons to maintain confidentiality;
  
   (c)  are communicated to legal counsel, accountants,
  other professional consultants or advisers, underwriters or
  lenders of a party of a Supplier, or other persons that are
  participating in the implementation of sales of LPG from the
  Bontang Facilities, with the obligation of the receiving
  persons to maintain confidentiality;
  
   (d)  are communicated to contractors for or operators of
  the Bontang Facilities, the Loading Port, any LPG Tanker, or
  the Loading Terminal, provided that such communication is
  necessary for the performance by a party of the obligations
  under this Contract and provided further that said
  contractors and operators shall be subject to an obligation
  to maintain confidentiality; or 
  
   (e)  are communicated to any governmental authorities of
  Japan or the Republic of Indonesia, or the United States of
  America, or the country of incorporation of any Supplier
  claiming authority to require such disclosure, in accordance
  with that authority.
  
   The foregoing obligations of the parties shall survive
  termination of this Contract.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 20
  NOTICES
  
  
   All notices and other communications for purposes of this
  Contract shall be in English and in writing, which shall
  include transmission by telex, cable, or other electronic
  means such as facsimile transmission, except that notices
  given from ships at sea may be by radio in English.  Notices
  and other communications given by telex, cable or other
  electronic means shall be confirmed by air mail unless
  otherwise agreed by the parties.  Notices and communications
  shall be directed as follows:
  
  A.    To Seller at the following:
  
          PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
       (PERTAMINA)
     
     
     (Mail address)      P.O. BOX 12 / JKT
                         Jl. Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
                         Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia

     (Cable address)          PERTAMINA
                         JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA

     (Telex address)          PERTAMINA
                         44302 or 44152
                         JAKARTA, INDONESIA
          (Facsimile address)      62-21-355271
                              
             In each case marked for the attention of:
   Head of Gas Marketing Department
  
B.   To Buyer at the following:
     
          JAPAN INDONESIA OIL CO., LTD.
     
     (Mail address)      3-18 Kudan-Minami
                         2-Chome
                         Chiyoda-Ku
                         Tokyo 102
                         JAPAN

     (Cable address)          JIOKTOK

     (Telex address)          232 4349 JIO J

     (Facsimile address)      81-3-323
                                  
   Either party may designate additional addresses for
  particular communications as required from time to time, and
  may change any address, by notice given thirty (30) days in
  advance of such addition or change.  Immediately upon
  receiving communications by telex, cable, facsimile or
  radio, a party shall acknowledge receipt by the same means
  (or may acknowledge receipt of facsimile by telex or cable),
  and may request a repeat transmittal of the entire
  communication or confirmation of particular matters.
  
   If the sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt
  within twenty-four (24) hours, or receives a request for
  repeat transmittal or confirmation, said party shall repeat
  the transmittal or answer the particular request.  Unless
  otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices hereunder
  shall become effective upon receipt, and for the purposes
  hereof, "receipt" in the case of a telex shall refer to a
  message sent for which an "answer-back" was received by the
  sender. Prior to the first Shipment Month, the parties shall
  establish radio channels, frequencies and procedures for all
  communications between LPG Tankers, the Bontang Facilities
  and the authorities for the Loading Port and Loading
  Terminal.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 21
  ASSIGNMENT
  
  
   Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations
  hereunder may be assigned by Buyer without the prior written
  consent of Seller, or by Seller without the prior written
  consent of Buyer.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 22
  AMENDMENTS
  
  
   This Contract may not be amended, modified, varied or
  supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by
  the President-Director or other duly authorized
  representative of Seller and by a Director or other duly
  authorized representative of Buyer.
  
  
   Performance of any condition or obligation to be
  performed hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived
  or postponed except by an instrument in writing signed by an
  authorized signatory, as specified in the preceding
  paragraph, of the party who is claimed to have granted such
  waiver or postponements.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 23
  ENTIRE AGREEMENT
  
  
   This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between
  the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
  supersedes and replaces any provisions on the same subject
  contained in any other agreement or communications between
  the parties prior to the execution of this Contract, whether
  written or oral.
  
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 24
  LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT
  
  
   This Contract has been made and executed only in the
  English language.
  
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 25
  HEADINGS
  
  
   The headings and captions in this Contract are inserted
  solely for the sake of convenience and shall not affect the
  interpretation or construction of this Contract.
  
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 26
  COUNTERPARTS
  
  
   This Contract has been executed in two (2) identical
  counterparts, each of which shall have the force and dignity
  of an original, and both of which shall constitute but one
  and the same Contract.
  
  
    <PAGE>
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused
  this Contract to be executed in Jakarta by its duly
  authorized representative as of the date first written
  above.
  
  
  
  SELLER:                           BUYER:
  
  PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK    JAPAN INDONESIA OIL CO.,LTD.
  DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
  
  
  
  
  
  By : F.  ABDA'OE                  By :  HIDEO KAMIO
       PRESIDENT DIRECTOR             PRESIDENT DIRECTOR<PAGE>

ATTACHMENT 1
  
                  Measurement and Sampling Procedures
  
  
  (A)   Sampling 
  
   Sampling shall be in accordance with GPA Publication 2174
  latest revisions and Appendix B of API Chapter 14.1.  Should
  other approved sampling methods be adopted by Seller, Buyer
  will be notified.
  
  (B)   Measurement
  
   (i)  Seller shall, at its sole cost, risk and expense,
  install or caused to be installed metering facilities of a
  standard make for the purpose of metering each grade of LPG.
  Said metering and sampling facilities shall meet Seller's
  specifications and shall be approved by the Government of
  Indonesia and shall be installed shoreside in a manner and
  at a location approved by Seller and shall be operated and
  maintained by Seller for Seller's account.  Buyer, in the
  presence of a member of Seller's staff, shall at reasonable
  times have access to the said metering facilities for the
  purpose of inspection, checking and reading.
  
   (ii) Equipment and Procedures
  
        1.   Detail engineering of the metering system shall
  be done by the contractor and is anticipated to be equipped
  with the following devises:
  
             Densitometer, de-aerator and strainer, turbine
  meters, pressure and temperature indicator, automatic
  sampler, electronic computer, ticket printer, system of
  valves and meter prover, all of which shall be
  approved/calibrated by MIGAS.  All measurements shall be in
  the metric system.
  
        2.   Loading lines shall be fully filled and cooled
  by circulation prior to loading.
  
        3.   Meters shall be proved each time a shipment is
  made and it shall be acceptable to prove meters either
  before, during or after tanker loading.  Testing of the
  meters with the meter prover shall be conducted during
  loading at loading rates that are normal for the LPG Tanker
  being loaded.  At least five runs shall be made with the
  meter prover.  At least three consecutive runs must achieve
  0.05% repeatability.  Data obtained shall be recorded on the
  meter proving report which shall be signed by the operators
  present during the proving procedure.  If the meter factor
  changes by more than 0.2% from the previous test the
  metering system shall be thoroughly examined.
  
        4.   Correction factors shall be first approved by
  the Customs & Excises Officer and the meter factor shall
  become certified by the Customs & Excises Officer signing
  the meter proving report.  The Customs & Excises Officer
  shall witness the entry of said meter factor into the
  computer and shall seal the door of the meter panel in use
  during loading.
  
        5.   Samples of each grade of LPG delivered shall be
  taken with an automatic sampler.  The samples obtained shall
  be analyzed in accordance with test methods specified in
  Exhibit A.  The results of these analyses shall determine
  the quality of LPG delivered.  Samples shall be kept for 90
  days.
  
        6.   The mass of each grade of LPG delivered shall
  be read from the delivery ticket that has been produced by
  the totalizer of the ticket printer.
  
        7.   The results shall be recorded on the Quantity
  Certificate and Quality Certificate referred to in Article
  9.1.
  
        8.   Should the meter prover be out of service, so
  that meters can not be tested with the meter prover, the
  meter factor of a meter during a delivery shall be
  determined from an average of at least two previous meter
  provings at comparable rates.
  
   (iii)     Accuracy
  
        The accuracy of the measuring equipment shall be
  verified by Direktorat Jenderal Minyak dan Gas Bumi
  ("MIGAS") of Indonesia at Seller's cost at intervals
  specified by Government regulations.  Upon demand of Buyer
  any meter shall be tested for accuracy of measurement and if
  found to be correct, or if found to be in error of not more
  than 1/2 of one percent (1/2%) with respect to liquid
  measurement, the expense of such testing shall be borne by
  Buyer, but the expense shall be borne by Seller if found
  incorrect by more than 1/2 of one percent (1/2%) with
  respect to liquid measurement.  In any event meters shall be
  adjusted properly at once to record accurately.
  
        In the event measuring equipment is out of service
  or out of repair, so that the volume being measured is not
  correctly indicated during any period by the reading
  thereof, the quantities attributable to such period shall be
  estimated and agreed upon the basis of the best data
  available, using the first of the following methods which is
  feasible:
  
        (a)  By using the registration of any check
  measuring equipment, if installed and accurately
  registering, or failing;
  
        (b)  By correcting the error if the percentage of
  error is ascertained by calibrations, test, or mathematical
  calculations, or failing;
  
        (c)  By shoreside tank gauging or failing;
  
        (d)  By ship tank gauging, or failing;
  
        (e)  By estimating on the basis of actual quantities
  measured during the preceding periods under similar
  conditions when the meter was registering accurately.
  
        Operators shall preserve and make available for
  inspection by Buyer all original test data, charts, and
  other similar records for a period of at least twenty six
  (26) months after the Year to which the data relates.
  
   (iv) Basis or Method of Measurement
  
        Notwithstanding any provisions of this Contract to
  the contrary, if in order to comply with or by reason of any
  present or future law, rule, regulation or order of any
  governmental authority having jurisdiction therein, now or
  hereafter, in effect during the term of this Contract, the
  basis or method of measurement hereunder is changed, or in
  the event Seller elects to measure by an alternate method of
  measurement which has been approved by the appropriate
  agency of the Government of Indonesia, then measurement
  procedures shall be adjusted to compensate for the change in
  the basis or method of measurement, such that the same
  selling price for the same quantity shall remain in effect,
  except as such selling price may be varied in accordance
  with the provisions of this Contract.
  
  (C)   Seller shall inspect LPG on a regular basis as it is
  produced and, in case the inspection results do not comply
  with the specifications set forth in Exhibit A pursuant to
  Article 7, Seller shall promptly advise Buyer of such
  results.
    <PAGE>
                             ATTACHMENT 2
  
     Testing Method of LPG Residual Matter (Mass Analysis Method)
  
  
  1.    Scope
  
   This Standard provides for the testing method of LPG
  residual matter.
  
  2.    Summary of Method
  
   After approximately 1 kg of liquid sample is evaporated
  in an atmosphere by using the prescribed testing apparatus,
  it is evaporated for 20 minutes in constant temperature
  water bath at 750C, and then the residual matter is weighed. 
  It is evaporated for 30 minutes in oven at 1050C, and then
  the residual matter is weighed, so as to obtain the residual
  matter at respective temperature.
  
  3.    Residual Matter Testing Equipment
  
   The equipment consists of apparatus (1) through (6)
  described below, and its assembly drawing is shown in Figure
  1.
  
   Figure 1: Assembly Drawing of Residual Matter 
  
  Testing Equipment
  
   (1)  Sample Cylinder
        This is of a construction shown in Figure 2.  It is
  a cylinder made of stainless steel, steel or aluminum alloy,
  withstanding a pressure of more than 31 kgf/cm2 {3.04 MPa},
  equipped with two or one nozzle opening (s) and capable of
  connecting a sample introduction pipe thereto.  The cylinder
  valve should be equipped with a gas filling nozzle of a
  construction set forth in JIS BS245 (Valve for LPG
  Cylinder).
  
   Figure 2: Sample Cylinder [One Example]
  
   (2)  Connecting Pipe
  
        This is a pipe of approximately 5 mm in diameter,
  made of stainless steel or aluminum alloy, withstanding a
  pressure of more than 80 kgf/cm2.  It is provided with a
  connector to the sample cylinder on one end and with a
  connector to the cooler on the other end.
  
   (3)  Cooling Bath
   
        This is of a type set forth in Figure 3.
  
  
  
  
  
   Figure 3: Cooling Bath
  
   (4)  Filter
  
        Wire netting of stainless steel; 400 mesh
  
   (5)  Evaporation Cylinder and Upper Evaporation Pipe
   
        These are of glass with Class 1 hardness, and are of
  dimensions and a form shown in Figure 4
  
         Figure 4:  Evaporation Cylinder and Upper Evaporation
                      Pipe
                        
  
   (6)    Graduated Test Tube (with Plug)
  
         This is of glass with Class 1 harness, and is of a
  construction shown in Figure 5
  
    Figure 5:  Graduated Test Tube and Plug
  
  
  4.   Constant-Temperature Water Bath and Others
  
   (1) Constant-Temperature Water Bath
   
       This shall be capable of immersing the graduated
  cylinder down to the graduation line of 100 ml, and also
  capable of holding the bath temperature at 37.8 + 0.50 C,
  and also capable of holding it at 75+ 10 C.
  
   (2) Platform Scale
  
       It shall have graduations of 0.01 kg or less
  
   (3) Oven
  
       It shall be capable of holding the temperature at
  105+ 20 C, and shall not be provided with an ignition
  source.
  
  5.   Preparation for Testing
  
   (1) Glass apparatus, etc. to be used in the testing
  shall be washed with cleaning solvents, such as acetone,
  etc., and water and foreign matters are removed therefrom.
  
   (2) A piece of zeolite (one piece of ceramics, etc.
  of approximately 2 mm in diameter) is put into the graduated
  test tube and the tube is plugged.  Then the tube is held in
  the oven at 105 0 C for 30 min., and cooled in the decicator
  for another 30 min., the mass is measured to the digit of
  0.1 mg. often opening the plug once and closing it again.
  
   (3) The evaporation cylinder and the graduated test
  tube are assembled in a manner as shown in Figure 1, and all
  of the ground glass joints are clamped with springs.
  
  6.   Collection of Sample
  
   (1) Dry ice and isopropanol are put into the cooling
  bath, so as to spiral tube.
  
               (2)      Sample cylinder, connecting pipe, cooler and
  filters are connected as shown in Figure 1 (1).
          Then, the valves are opened in the order of the sample
  cylinder valve, sample valve and needle valve, and the
  connecting pipe, spiral tube and filter are co-washed with the
  liquid sample.
          
  Note (1):  In making connections, all places which will
  contact with the sample shall be of stainless steel or
  aluminum alloy.  When connections are made with rubber pipe,
  the connecting portions shall not be annointed with grease or
  lubricating oil.

     (3)   Sample cylinder valve is closed, and then the
  connecting pipe is removed from the sample cylinder.  The mass
  of sample cylinder is weighed to the digit of 0.01 kg.

      (4)   After the connecting pipe is attached to the
  sample cylinder, the sample cylinder valve is opened, and the
  sample is let into the evaporation cylinder in liquid state. 
  At this time, the sample is supplied little by little until
  the evaporation cylinder cools down.  Needle valve should be
  used in adjusting the flow of the sample.

       (5)       When approximately 2 liters of liquid sample is
  let into the evaporation cylinder, the sample cylinder valve
  is closed, and the sample cylinder is left as it is for
  approximately one minute.

       (6)       Then the connecting pipe is disconnected from the
  sample cylinder, and the mass of sample cylinder is weighed to
  the digit of 0.01 kg.  Then, the collected quantity of sample
  is calculated from the difference between this weight and the
  weight measured in item (3) above.
  
  7.   Preliminary Evaporation of Sample
  
       (1)        Upper evaporation pipe is attached to the
  evaporation cylinder and is fastened with springs.

       (2)        While cautioning that sudden boiling will not
  occur (2), the evaporation cylinder is exposed to atmosphere
  thus the sample will be evaporated until it is reduced to
  approximately 5 ml.
  
     Note (2): Evaporation shall be carried out so that
  bubbles will come out uniformly from the bottom of the
  graduated test tube.  If bubbles are not generated uniformly,
  it is recommended that the upper evaporation pipe is removed
  and the tip of copper wire (approximately 2 mm in diameter and
  500 - 550 mm in length) is polished with rough-faced file and
  inserted from the top of the evaporation cylinder.  When
  evaporation speed is low, the graduated test tube shall be
  immersed in water bath of below 20 o C.

               Remarks:  When the evaporation work is conducted
  outdoors, a place with good ventilation but without direct
  sunlight should be selected.  Adequate consideration shall
  also be made for fire, explosion and offensive odor.  When the
  work is conducted indoors, measures shall be taken to disposal
  Safety the evaporated gas from the upper evaporation pipe.

     (3)     After the test tube is immersed in the constant-
  temperature water bath at 37.8oC up to its shoulder for 20
  minutes, the graduated test tube is taken out of the constant-
  temperature water bath.


     (8)  Measurement of Residual Matter at 75o C

               (1)     The graduated test tube is removed from the
  evaporation cylinder (3), and the graduated test tube is
  immersed into the constant temperature water bath at 75o C
  down to the 100 ml graduation line.  After being held there
  for accurately 20 minutes, air is blown into the same test
  tube for accurately 10 seconds at a rate of 3 l./minute (4),
  and the gas in the test tube is replaced by air.

               Note (3): Before removing the test tube, the water drops
  between the graduated test tube and the connecting portion of
  the evaporation cylinder shall be wiped off.

               Note (4): Method of blowing the air into the test tube
  shall be in accordance with Figure 6.
    
   Figure 6:   Method of Blowing Air into Test Tube 
  
                 (2)       The graduated test tube is taken out the
  constant temperature water bath, and it is immediately
  plugged.  Water adhered to the graduated test tube should be
  wiped off.

                         After being left cooling in the desicator for
  30 minutes, opening plug once and closing it again in order to
  prevent vacuum situation, the graduated test tube is weighed
  to the digit of 0.1 mg.

    9.     Measurement of Residual Matter at 105o C
  
                 (1)       Upon completing the operation in Section 8, the
  plug on the graduated test tube is removed, and the graduated
  test tube is horizontally placed in the oven at 105o C for 30
  minutes, and then air is blown into the graduated test tube
  for accurately 10 seconds at a rate of 3 l./minute (3), and
  the gas in the test tube is replaced by air.

               (2)       The graduated test tube is taken out of the
  oven.  After being left cooling in the desicator for 30
  minutes, the mass of the graduated test tube, together with
  the plug, is weighed to the digit of 0.1 mg.
    
  10.  Calculation and Results
  
          The residual matter is calculated in accordance with the
       following equation, and the result is rounded to an
       integer.  Each of the results will carry an additional
       remark of evaporation temperature.
         
             S   =   (A - B) X 10 3
                     M
               where:  S:  Residual Matter (mass in ppm)
           A:  Mass (g) of the graduated test tube (with
  plug) after evaporation at 75o C or 105o C
           B:  Mass (g) of the graduated test tube (with
  plug)
           M:  Collected amount of the sample (kg)
  
       Remarks:    When foreign matters, such as rust, etc.
  are found at the inspection of the filter, such effects
  should be recorded.
  
    <PAGE>
                             ATTACHMENT 3
  
                     Precision for Residual Matter
  
  
  1.   Repeatability
  
   Duplicate results by the same operator should be
  considered suspect if they differ by more than the amounts
  shown in Figure 1 and 2 for repeatability.
  
  2.   Reproducibility
  
   The results of two laboratories should be considered
  suspect if the two results differ by more than the amounts
  shown in Figure 1 and 2 for reproducibility.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>29
<DESCRIPTION>BONTANG LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>


                                    
                                 BONTANG
                     LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                 BETWEEN
                                    
                                    
                                    
           PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
                                AS SELLER
                                    
                                    
                                   AND
                                    
                                    
      NATIONAL FEDERATION OF AGRICULTURAL CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATIONS
                                (ZEN-NOH)
                                AS BUYER
                                    
                                    
                                  DATED
                                    
                            21 February 1992
                                    

                                     <PAGE>
                                    
                           TABLE  OF CONTENTS
                                    
                                                                     PAGE

Table of Contents                                                    i-iii

Preamble                                                                  1

ARTICLE  1   DEFINITION                                                 2-9

             1.1 Accepted Date Range(s)                                   2
             1.2 Accepted Quantities                                      2
             1.3 Affiliate                                                2
             1.4 Allowed Laytime                                          2
             1.5 Annual Demurrage Rate                                    2
             1.6 Annual Program                                           2
             1.7 Bontang Facilities                                       3
             1.8 Bontang LNG Facilities                                   3
             1.9 Bontang LPG Facilities                                   3
             1.10   Business Day                                          3
             1.11   Butane                                                3
             1.12   Buyer                                                 3
             1.13   Calculation Date                                      4
             1.14   Conditions of Use                                     4
             1.15   Contract                                              4
             1.16   Contract Sales Price                                  4
             1.17   Cubic Meter                                           4
             1.18   Delivery Point                                        4
             1.19   Fixed Quantities and Fixed 
                    Quantity                                              4
             1.20   Fixed Quantity Period                                 5
             1.21   Force Majeure                                         5
             1.22   Gas Supply Area                                       5
             1.23   Independent Surveyor                                  5
             1.24   Lifting Obligation                                    5
             1.25   LNG                                                   5
             1.26   Loading Port                                          5
             1.27   Loading Terminal                                      5
             1.28   LPG                                                   5
             1.29   LPG Tanker                                            6
             1.30   Metric Ton                                            6
             1.31   Named LPG Tanker                                      6
             1.32   Natural Gas                                           6
             1.33   Nominated Date Range                                  6
             1.34   Nominated Quantities                                  6
             1.35   Notice of Readiness                                   6
             1.36   Production Sharing 
                    Contract(s)                                           6
             1.37   Program Year                                          7
             1.38   Propane                                               7
             1.39   Quarter                                               7
             1.40   Quarterly Schedule                                    7
             1.41   Receiving Facilities                                  7
             1.42   Seller                                                8
             1.43   Shipment Month                                        8
             1.44   Shipment Quarter                                      8
             1.45   Suppliers                                             8
             1.46   Supply Agreements                                     8
             1.47   TBN                                                   8
             1.48   Terminal Procedures                                   8
             1.49   TOTAL Group                                           9
             1.50   Unlifted Quantities                                   9
             1.51   UNOCAL Group                                          9
             1.52   Used Laytime                                          9
             1.53   VICO Group                                            9

ARTICLE      2   SALE AND PURCHASE                                       10

ARTICLE      3   SOURCES OF SUPPL                                     11-13
              
             3.1 Relationship to LNG 
                 Processing                                              11
             3.2 Sources of Natural Gas                                  12

ARTICLE      4   COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF CONTRACT                  
14

ARTICLE      5   QUANTITIES                                           15-19

             5.1 Required Deliveries                                     15
             5.2 Delivery of Fixed Quantities                            15
             5.3 Buyer's Obligation to Lift                              16
             5.4 Allocation of Supplies Between Buyer and Other
                 Purchasers of LPG                                       19

ARTICLE      6   CONTRACT SALES PRICE                                 20-22

             6.1 Contract Sales Price                                    20
             6.2 Calculation of Contract Sales Price                     20
             6.3 Quantity and Price Statistics                           21

ARTICLE      7   QUALITY AND STATE                                       23

             7.1 Specifications                                          23
             7.2 Disclaimer of Warranties                                23

ARTICLE      8   TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS                                  24

ARTICLE      9   VERIFICATION AND MEASUREMENT                            25

             9.1 Inspection                                              25
             9.2 Measurement and Samples                                 25

ARTICLE      10   INVOICES AND PAYMENT                                26-29

             10.1 Invoices and Cargo Documents                           26
             10.2 Other Invoices                                         26
             10.3 Invoice Due Dates, etc.                                26
             10.4 Payment                                                27
             10.5 Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make
                  Payment                                                28
             10.6 Disputed Invoices                                      28

ARTICLE      11   PROGRAMMING AND SHIPPING MOVEMENTS                  30-35

             11.1 Annual Programs                                        30
             11.2 Quarterly Schedule                                     31
             11.3 Nominations                                            32
             11.4 Notification of Expected Arrivals                      34
             11.5 LPG Tanker to Arrive Precooled                         34
              
ARTICLE      12   DELIVERY                                            36-38

             12.1 Delivery                                               36
             12.2 Loading Terminal, LPG Tankers and Terminal
                  Procedures                                             36

ARTICLE      13   ARRIVAL, LOADING TIME AND DEMURRAGE                 39-42

             13.1 Notice of Arrival                                      39
             13.2 Notice of Readiness and Loading                        39
             13.3 Laytime                                                39
             13.4 Demurrage                                              41

ARTICLE      14   DEPARTURE, MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES AND
                  INSURANCE                                           43-44

             14.1 Departure                                              43
             14.2 Miscellaneous Charges                                  43
             14.3 Insurance and Conditions of Use                        43

ARTICLE      15   FORCE MAJEURE                                       45-49

             15.1 Events of Force Majeure                                45
             15.2 Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance               47
             15.3 Effect on Deliveries, Supplies, Term                   48

ARTICLE      16   EARLY TERMINATION                                      50

ARTICLE      17   ARBITRATION                                            51

ARTICLE      18   APPLICABLE LAW                                         52

ARTICLE      19   CONFIDENTIALITY                                     53-54

ARTICLE      20   NOTICES                                             55-57

ARTICLE      21   ASSIGNMENT                                             58

ARTICLE      22   AMENDMENTS                                             59

ARTICLE      23   ENTIRE AGREEMENT                                       60

ARTICLE      24   LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT                               61

ARTICLE      25   HEADINGS                                               62

ARTICLE      26   COUNTERPARTS                                        63-64

EXHIBIT       A   SPECIFICATIONS                                          1

EXHIBIT       B   PROCEDURE FOR CALCULATING ANNUAL DEMURRAGE 
                  RATE                                                    2

ATTACHMENT 1      MEASUREMENT AND SAMPLING PROCEDURES                 
i-iv

ATTACHMENT 2      TESTING METHOD OF LPG RESIDUAL MATTER               
1-8

ATTACHMENT 3      PRECISION FOR RESIDUAL MATTER                   (1a)&(1b)
                            <PAGE>
LPG SALES AND PURCHASE CONTRACT


THIS CONTRACT, dated as of the 21st day of February, 1992 is made
by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
("PERTAMINA"), a State Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia,
on the one hand, and NATIONAL FEDERATION OF AGRICULTURAL CO-
OPERATIVE ASSOCIATIONS (ZEN-NOH), a corporation organized under
the laws of Japan, on the other hand.
In consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
<PAGE>
ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS


     The terms or expressions below shall have the following
meanings in this contract:

1.1  Accepted Date Range(s)

     Nominated Date Range(s) acceptable to Seller or date
range(s) established by Seller pursuant to Article 11.3.

1.2  Accepted Quantities

     Nominated Quantities acceptable to Seller or quantities
established by Seller in accordance with Article 11.3.

1.3  Affiliate

     In relation to a corporation or other entity, a corporation
or other entity which is controlled by, which controls, or which
is controlled by a corporation or other entity which also
controls, that corporation or other entity.

1.4  Allowed Laytime

     As defined in Article 13.3.

1.5  Annual Demurrage Rate

     As defined in Article 13.4.

1.6  Annual Program

     As defined in Article 11.1.

1.7  Bontang Facilities

     The Bontang LNG Facilities and the Bontang LPG Facilities.

1.8  Bontang LNG Facilities

     The LNG liquefaction plant facilities located in Bontang,
East Kalimantan, Indonesia, including liquefaction trains and LNG
storage, loading and related facilities and the Natural Gas
transmission pipelines to the liquefaction plant.

1.9  Bontang LPG Facilities

     The facilities in, at or near the Bontang LNG Facilities for
separation of LPG from Natural Gas and for liquefaction and
fractionation of LPG, as well as all related equipment and
facilities; Propane and Butane storage, loading and related
facilities including the Loading Terminal.

1.10 Business Day

     Every day other than a Saturday or Sunday or other day on
which commercial banks are authorized to close in the city in
which the bank designated by Seller or Buyer, as the case may be,
pursuant to Article 10.4 is located.

1.11 Butane

     A mixture predominantly of hydrocarbons, having the
specifications set out in Exhibit A.

1.12 Buyer

     NATIONAL FEDERATION OF AGRICULTURAL CO-OPERATIVE
ASSOCIATIONS (ZEN-NOH), a corporation organized under the laws of
Japan, or the successor(s) in interest of such corporation, or
the permitted assignees(s) of such corporation or such
successor(s) in interest.

1.13 Calculation Date

     As defined in Article 6.1.

1.14 Conditions of Use

     The conditions in effect at the Loading Port at any time as
applied by the operator of the Loading Terminal (including
requirements for undertakings as to liabilities of an LPG Tanker,
its owner, operator or charterer and Buyer) under which an LPG
Tanker is permitted to enter and use the Loading Port.

1.15 Contract

     This LPG Sales and Purchase Contract, including the Exhibits
and Attachments hereto, as it may from time to time be amended,
modified, varied or supplemented in accordance with the terms of
Article 22.

1.16 Contract Sales Price

     As defined in Article 6.1.

1.17 Cubic Meter

     A volume equal to the volume of a cube whose edge is one
meter.

1.18 Delivery Point

     The point at the Loading Port at which the flange coupling
of Seller's loading line joins the flange coupling of the loading
manifold on board Buyer's LPG Tanker.

1.19 Fixed Quantities and Fixed Quantity

     As defined in Article 5.1.

1.20 Fixed Quantity Period

     As defined in Article 5.1.

1.21 Force Majeure

     As defined in Article 15.1.

1.22 Gas Supply Area

     The contract areas of the VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL Production
Sharing Contracts and such other nearby contract areas in East
Kalimantan, Indonesia as Seller may designate from time to time.

1.23 Independent Surveyor

     As defined in Article 9.1.

1.24 Lifting Obligation

     As defined in Article 5.3.

1.25 LNG

     Natural Gas in a liquid state at or below its boiling point
and at a pressure of approximately one atmosphere.

1.26 Loading Port

     The port at the Bontang Facilities.

1.27 Loading Terminal

     The facilities for delivery of LPG into vessels at the
Loading Port.

1.28 LPG
     Propane or Butane, or as the context requires, both Propane
and Butane. 

1.29 LPG Tanker

     An ocean-going vessel which is used by the Buyer for
transportation of LPG delivered under this Contract.

1.30 Metric Ton or MT

     A unit of weight equal to 1,000 kilograms.

1.31 Named LPG Tanker

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.32 Natural Gas

     Any hydrocarbon or mixture of hydrocarbons, consisting
essentially of methane, other hydrocarbons, and non-combustible
gases in a gaseous state, which is extracted from the subsurface
of the earth in its natural state, separately or together with
liquid hydrocarbons.

1.33 Nominated Date Range

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.34 Nominated Quantity

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.35 Notice of Readiness

     As defined in Article 13.2.

1.36 Production Sharing Contract(s)

     As to PERTAMINA and the VICO Group, the Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990, as may be
hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the one hand, and the
members of the VICO Group on the other.

     As to PERTAMINA and the TOTAL Group, the Amended and
Restated Production Sharing Contract dated January 11, 1991, as
may be hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the one hand, and
the members of the TOTAL Group, on the other.

     As to PERTAMINA and Unocal Indonesia Ltd. ("UNOCAL"), the
Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract dated January
11, 1991, as may be hereafter amended, between PERTAMINA, on the
one hand, and UNOCAL, on the other.

1.37 Program Year

     As defined in Article 11.1.

1.38 Propane

     A mixture predominantly of hydrocarbons, having the
specifications set out in Exhibit A.

1.39 Quarter

     A period of three (3) calendar months commencing on January
1, April 1, July 1 or October 1.

1.40 Quarterly Schedule

     As defined in Article 11.2.

1.41 Receiving Facilities

     Any terminal(s) available to Buyer in Japan for discharge of
LPG, whether or not existing as of the date of this Contract.

1.42 Seller

     Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak dan Gas Bumi Negara, a State
Enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia, or the successor in
interest of such enterprise, or the permitted assignee of such
entity or such successor in interest.

1.43 Shipment Month

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.44 Shipment Quarter

     As defined in Article 11.2.

1.45 Suppliers

     The VICO Group, the TOTAL Group, the UNOCAL Group and
Seller, as suppliers of their respective shares of Natural Gas
produced under the VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL Production Sharing
Contracts from areas within the Gas Supply Area, for the
production of LPG to be sold and delivered hereunder.

1.46 Supply Agreements

     As defined in Article 3.2.

1.47 TBN

     As defined in Article 11.3.

1.48 Terminal Procedures

     All procedures established or customarily practiced by the
operator of the Loading Terminal with respect to notifications,
nominations, berthing, lifting, loading, safety procedures for
ship and shore, documentation, departure, measurement and the
like (including, without limitation, Conditions of Use).

1.49 TOTAL Group

     Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., and their
successors in interest.

1.50 Unlifted Quantities

     As defined in Article 5.3.

1.51 UNOCAL Group

     Unocal Indonesia Ltd. and Indonesia Petroleum Ltd., and
their successors in interest.

1.52 Used Laytime

     As defined in Article 13.3.

1.53 VICO Group

     Virginia International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
Opicoil Houston, Inc. and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.,  and
their successors in interest.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 2
SALE AND PURCHASE


     Seller agrees to sell and deliver at the Delivery Point, and
Buyer agrees to purchase, receive and pay for, LPG, in the
quantities and at the prices and in accordance with the other
terms and conditions set forth in this Contract.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 3
SOURCES OF SUPPLY


3.1  Relationship to LNG Processing

     The LPG to be sold hereunder will be produced from Natural
Gas in conjunction with the production and processing of Natural
Gas into LNG at the Bontang LNG Facilities. It is understood that
the production of LPG at the Bontang Facilities is dependent on
the processing of Natural Gas into LNG and that any interruption,
curtailment or suspension of LNG production or deliveries of LNG
at the Bontang Facilities will directly and adversely affect the
production and availability for export of LPG from such
facilities.

     Furthermore, Seller has entered into and made certain
commitments prior to the date hereof to its LNG buyers  in
respect of operational limitations, quantities and specifications
of LNG produced at the Bontang Facilities. The annual Fixed
Quantities have been determined as of the date hereof after
taking these quantities, specifications and limitations into
account. As soon as Seller becomes aware of any circumstances
which may require Seller to take action to meet the above LNG
commitments which would affect LPG production, Seller shall
promptly enter into good faith discussions with Buyer to
determine whether alternative action is available or possible
that could enable Seller to satisfy both its commitments to Buyer
as well as the LNG commitments referred to above. It is
understood that Seller shall take reasonable actions to avoid the
occurrence of any event which would affect LPG production.
However, if Seller nevertheless determines that it must take
action which affects LPG production, such circumstances will
constitute an event of Force Majeure under Article 15.

3.2  Sources of Natural Gas

     (a)  The Natural Gas from which LPG to be sold hereunder is
to be extracted is to be produced from the Gas Supply Area.
Nothing herein shall be construed, however, as conferring upon
Buyer any interest or right in the Gas Supply Area or in Natural
Gas or any hydrocarbon deposit or producing area. No warranty
express or implied is given, nor is there to be construed any
representation, as to the quantity of Natural Gas in, or its
recoverability from, the Gas Supply Area. If during the term of
this Contract Suppliers obtain information from their activities
which indicate unforeseen changes in the proved remaining
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Gas Supply Area such
that Seller's ability to perform Seller's obligation hereunder
may be materially and adversely affected, Seller shall promptly
inform Buyer of such situation.

     (b)  Seller represents that Seller will maintain throughout
the term hereof the right to sell all quantities of LPG to be
sold hereunder. In this connection, Seller represents that it has
executed or will execute from time to time, as required in order
to maintain the right to sell all of the quantities of LPG to be
sold hereunder, agreements between itself and the other Suppliers
under which agreements ("Supply Agreements") Suppliers shall
supply Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area for processing into
LPG at the Bontang LPG Facilities and shall make available, for
sale by Seller hereunder, their respective interest in the
quantities of LPG to be sold hereunder.

     (c)  It is understood that, by virtue of the Supply
Agreements, the VICO Group, the TOTAL Group and the UNOCAL Group,
as parties to such Supply Agreements, shall be third-party
beneficiaries of this Contract. The foregoing sentence shall not
be construed as discharging Seller of its obligation to supply
LPG to Buyer in accordance with the terms of this Contract.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 4
COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF CONTRACT


     This Contract shall come into full force and effect as of
and from the date hereof, and shall continue in full force and
effect thereafter until June 30, 1995, unless terminated sooner
pursuant to the terms of this Contract; provided, however, that
such provisions of this Contract as are required to give effect
to the rights and obligations of the parties which arise prior to
such date shall continue in full force and effect until the
expiration of the parties' respective obligations to sell and
purchase LPG hereunder.

<PAGE>
ARTICLE 5
QUANTITIES


5.1  Required Deliveries

     During each annual period (each such period is hereinafter
referred to as a "Fixed Quantity Period") specified below, Seller
shall sell and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase,
receive and pay for, at the applicable Contract Sales Price, the
quantity of LPG specified for Buyer for such period (each such
quantity is hereinafter individually referred to as a "Fixed
Quantity" and as "Fixed Quantities" when referring to more than
one such quantity) as follows :

            Fixed Quantity   Fixed Quantities for
            Period           Buyer in Thousands of
                             Metric Tons of Butane
            __________________________________________________
            July 1 - Dec. 31, 1992           12.5
            Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 1993           25
            Jan. 1 - Dec. 31, 1994           25
            Jan. 1 - Jun. 30, 1995           12.5
            __________________________________________________
            
              5.2 Delivery of Fixed Quantities
  
   Within each calendar year the quantities to be delivered
  by Seller and received by Buyer shall be delivered and
  received at rates and intervals which are reasonably
  constant over the course of such period, after taking into
  consideration all commitments of Seller, the requirements of
  other purchasers of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities,
  constraints at the Loading Port and the Loading Terminal and
  fluctuations in production rates of LPG due to changes in
  production rates of LNG at the Bontang LNG Facilities, so as
  to ensure as nearly as practicable uninterrupted operation
  of the Bontang Facilities.
  
  5.3   Buyer's Obligation to Lift
  
   (a)  Buyer will be obligated to lift, in accordance with
  Article 11, the Fixed Quantity during each Fixed Quantity
  Period (such obligation is hereinafter referred to as the
  "Lifting Obligation" of Buyer). The Lifting Obligation of
  Buyer shall be reduced by the quantity of LPG which Buyer
  was unable to receive because of Force Majeure affecting
  Buyer's ability to receive LPG or because of Seller's
  failure to make such quantity available for delivery due to
  Force Majeure affecting Seller or due to breach by Seller of
  its obligations hereunder.
  
   (b)  If Buyer should fail to take delivery of LPG or if
  at any time Seller shall have reason to believe that Buyer
  will be unable to take delivery of LPG in accordance with
  Article 11, Seller shall so notify Buyer, specifying the
  quantities of LPG involved (quantities with respect to which
  Seller issues a notice pursuant to this paragraph (b) are
  hereinafter referred to as the "Unlifted Quantities"). Upon
  receipt of such notice from Seller, Buyer shall promptly
  advise Seller in writing whether Buyer wishes to reschedule
  the lifting of the Unlifted Quantities during the remainder
  of the Fixed Quantity Period in question, and if so,
  specifying a Nominated Date Range. If such rescheduling is
  acceptable to Seller, having regard to Seller's and the
  Loading Terminal's operations and schedules and, in
  particular, the provisions of Article 5.2 (a), Seller will
  so notify Buyer and the Unlifted Quantities will be
  rescheduled and lifted pursuant to Article 11 accordingly.
  
   (c)  If Buyer fails promptly to provide notice as
  provided in paragraph (b) or if the rescheduling pursuant to
  paragraph (b) above is not acceptable to Seller, Seller may
  take at any time thereafter whatever steps Seller
  determines, in its sole discretion, are appropriate and may
  flare, sell, curtail LPG production, "spike" or combine such
  LPG with LNG or condensate or otherwise dispose of Unlifted
  Quantities. Seller shall use all reasonable efforts to sell
  such Unlifted Quantities to a third party. If Seller flares,
  sells, spikes or otherwise disposes or curtails production
  of LPG, Seller shall so notify Buyer and keep Buyer apprised
  of all such actions being taken and shall provide Buyer with
  reasonable access to plant operating data and records
  relating thereto, including Seller's records of sales to
  third parties.
  
   (d)  If Buyer fails to lift the Accepted Quantities
  within the Accepted Date Range, as the same may have been
  modified by Seller pursuant to paragraph (b) above, Buyer
  will pay to Seller the amount equivalent to the "Damages"
  determined in accordance with (i) below after the deduction
  of the sum of the "Credits" referred to in paragraph (ii)
  below; provided, however, that if the sum of such Credits
  equals or exceeds the Damages, Seller shall have no
  obligation to the Buyer to account for the Credits or any
  such excess.
  
        (i)  Damages shall be calculated as follows :
  
             D    =    (AQ x 95% - LQ) x P
             D    --   Damages
             AQ   --   Accepted Quantity (less any
                         quantities rescheduled by Seller).
             LQ   --   That proportion of Accepted
                         Quantities lifted by Buyer during the
                         Accepted Date Range.
             P    --   The Contract Sales Price for the
                         applicable grade of LPG in effect on
                         the last day of the Accepted Date
                         Range of the Accepted Quantity.
  
        (ii) Credits for any acts taken by Seller pursuant
  to paragraph (c) above in respect of Unlifted Quantities
  shall be calculated in accordance with the following :
  
             (A)  the amount of proceeds actually received
  by Seller for any sales made to a third party referred to in
  paragraph (c) above (after deducting direct expenses of the
  sale) up to the amount Seller would have received from Buyer
  based on the Contract Sales Prices in effect on the last day
  of the Accepted Date Range; and
  
             (B)  the value of Butane "spiked" with
  condensate from Natural Gas which is itself sold to third
  parties calculated on the basis of ninety percent (90%) of
  the Contract Sales Price for Butane in effect on the last
  day of the Accepted Date Range; and
  
             (C)  the value of LPG "spiked" with LNG or LPG
  not produced as a consequence of curtailed production
  ("Spiked and Not Produced LPG") calculated on the basis of
  fifty percent (50%) of the Contract Sales Price for the
  applicable grade of LPG in effect on the last day of the
  Accepted Date Range, provided, the aggregate quantity of
  Spiked and Not Produced LPG in the Fixed Quantity Period in
  question does not exceed ten percent (10%) of the Fixed
  Quantity. No credit will be given for Spiked and Not
  Produced LPG exceeding ten percent (10%) of the Fixed
  Quantity for such Fixed Quantity Period.
  
   (e)  The undertakings referred to in Article 11.3 (f)
  shall be deemed to have been discharged in case that the
  actual lifting is made within the plus or minus five percent
  (5%) operational lifting tolerance referred to in Article
  12.1 (d).
  
   (f)  Seller shall invoice the amount calculated on the
  basis of (d) above, to Buyer on the forty-fifth (45th) day
  of the next calendar year following the end of the year in
  which such failure to lift has occurred. Such invoice shall
  be payable by Buyer within fifteen (15) days of receipt.
  
  5.4   Allocation of Supplies Between Buyer and Other
        Purchasers of LPG
  
   If the supplies of Propane and/or Butane capable of being
  produced and loaded at the Bontang Facilities are or are
  reasonably anticipated to be in any period less than the
  commitments of Seller to supply the applicable grade of LPG
  to be shipped from the Loading Port in that period
  (including the commitment to Buyer hereunder), and such
  condition is due to an event of Force Majeure affecting the
  Loading Port or the Bontang Facilities or the Gas Supply
  Area, then the supplies of such grade of LPG which remain
  available will be allocated first to those commitments of
  Seller providing for deliveries of fixed contract quantities
  from the Loading Port over a term of at least ten (10)
  years.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 6
  CONTRACT SALES PRICE
  
  6.1   Contract Sales Price
  
   The prices applicable to quantities of Butane delivered
  hereunder and to quantities not taken by Buyer for which
  Buyer is subject to payment of Damages pursuant to Article
  5.3 are herein called the "Contract Sales Price", and are
  expressed in United States Dollars per Metric Ton ("U.S. $ /
  MT").  Buyer shall pay for Butane, in the manner provided in
  Article 10, at the Contract Sales Price calculated in
  accordance with Article 6.2 as of the bill of lading date,
  or, in the case of Butane not taken for which Buyer is
  subject to payment of Damages pursuant to Article 5.3, as of
  the last day of the applicable Accepted Date Range. Either
  such date is hereinafter referred to as the "Calculation
  Date".
  
  6.2   Calculation of Contract Sales Price
  
   The Contract Sales Price ("CSP") shall be calculated as
  of the Calculation Date in accordance with the following
  formula :
   CSP   =   A + U.S.$  X
   in which
   "CSP" =   The Contract Sales Price of Butane expressed in
  U.S. $ / Metric Ton.

     "A" =          P1Q1 + P2Q2 +P3Q3...+ PnQn    where,
                      Q1  + Q2  + Q3...+Qn

    P1, P2, P3...Pn =  The government selling price ("GSP")
  and/or official governmental price of each country which
  supplied Calculation Quantities (as defined below),
  prevailing on the Calculation Date.  The source of data for
  P1, P2, P3... Pn shall be Platt's LPG Gas Wire.
  
  Q1, Q2, Q3...Qn =    Quantities of Butane imported into
  Japan from those countries which have GSP's and/or official
  governmental prices for Butane prevailing on the Calculation
  Date, during the one (1) year period ending on the last day
  of the Quarter which commenced two (2) Quarters before the
  first day of the Quarter in which the bill of lading is
  dated, or, with respect to quantities not taken, in the
  Quarter in which the last day of the applicable Accepted
  Date Range falls (such quantities are hereinafter referred
  to as "Calculation Quantities").  The applicable quantities
  shall be based on the statistics published by the Japan LP-
  Gas Association.  Throughout the term of this Contract Buyer
  shall promptly submit to Seller for the purpose of
  calculating Contract Sales Price hereunder a copy of each
  issue of such publication as soon as it becomes available.
  
  For the purpose of the above calculation Butane imported
  from Indonesia and Das Island, Abu Dhabi shall be excluded.
  
  "X"=  (I)  For Fixed Quantity Period 1992,  20.00;  and
  
        (II) For each of Fixed Quantity Period 1993, 1994
               and 1995, such amount as Seller shall notify to
               Buyer having regard to prevailing market
               conditions for sales of quantities under
               similar circumstances.
  
  6.3   Quantity and Price Statistics
  
   (a)  If on a Calculation  Date any quantity or price
  statistic referred to in Article 6.2 is unavailable from the
  source specified therein, the parties shall jointly endeavor
  to obtain and agree upon the relevant statistic from another
  source.
  
   (b)  In the case the above GSP's and/or official
  governmental prices no longer reflect the actual market
  price of Butane imported into Japan under long term
  contracts or if such GSP's and/or official governmental
  prices are no longer available, then, by notice to the
  other, Seller and Buyer shall each promptly propose in
  writing to the other an alternative pricing method which
  would reflect such actual market price.  The parties shall
  meet to discuss in good faith and, within three (3) months
  of the date of the above notice, agree on an alternative
  pricing method.
  
        Until such time as the matter is finally determined,
  Seller shall invoice Buyer on the basis of Article 10.6 at
  the Contract Sales Price last calculated prior to the notice
  referred to above.
     
                <PAGE>
ARTICLE 7
  QUALITY AND STATE
  
  
  7.1   Specifications
  
   Butane purchased and sold hereunder shall be delivered to
  Buyer in a refrigerated liquid condition and shall have the
  specifications set forth in Exhibit A for Butane.
  
  7.2   Disclaimer of Warranties
  
   There are no guaranties or warranties express or implied
  of merchantability, fitness, suitability of the BUTANE for
  any particular purpose, or otherwise, or of its composition
  except as stated in Article 7.1.
     
           <PAGE>
ARTICLE 8
  TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS
  
  
   Delivery shall be deemed completed and title and risk of
  loss shall pass at the Loading Port as Butane reaches the
  Delivery Point at which point Seller's responsibility shall
  cease and Buyer shall assume all risk of loss, damage,
  deterioration or evaporation as to the Butane so delivered.
  It is expressly understood that the passage of title and
  risk as aforesaid is not conditioned on delivery of a bill
  of lading or other title document.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 9
  VERIFICATION AND MEASUREMENT
  
  
  9.1   Inspection
  
   The quality and quantity of each shipment of Butane
  hereunder shall be determined by measurement and
  calculations conducted at the Loading Port by an independent
  firm of inspectors (to be mutually agreed upon) in
  accordance with agreed sampling, measurement, and
  calculation procedures based on recognized good standard
  practice (such firm is hereinafter referred to as the
  "Independent Surveyor").  On completion of loading, the
  Independent Surveyor shall prepare and sign certificates
  stating the quality and quantity of Butane loaded, such
  certificates to conform to a mutually-agreed standard form
  for this purpose.  The Independent Surveyor shall promptly
  provide Seller with a copy of such certificates and Seller
  shall thereupon prepare a bill of lading in accordance with
  the reasonable instructions of Buyer.  The bill of lading
  shall be promptly signed and issued by the vessel's master
  or the authorized representative of the carrier.  The data
  in the certificates of quality and quantity prepared by the
  Independent Surveyor shall, absent fraud or manifest error,
  and subject to the provisions of Article 17, be binding and
  conclusive upon both parties, and shall be used by Seller in
  preparing the invoice.  Any costs attendant to utilizing the
  Independent Surveyor shall be borne equally by Seller and
  Buyer.
  
  9.2   Measurement and Samples
  
   Measurement of the quantities and the sampling and
  analysis for the purpose of determining the quality of the
  Butane in each shipment shall be carried out in accordance
  with the procedures set forth in Attachment 1 to this
  Contract, and samples shall be retained by Seller for at
  least ninety (90) days.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 10
  INVOICES AND PAYMENT
  
  
  10.1  Invoices and Cargo Documents
  
   Promptly after completion of loading of each LPG Tanker,
  Seller shall furnish by telex or telegram to Buyer an
  invoice, stated in U.S. Dollars, in the amount of the
  Contract Sales Price for the number of Metric Tons
  delivered.  At the same time, Seller shall send to Buyer a
  signed copy of the invoice and relevant documents showing
  the basis for the calculation thereof, together with such
  other customary documents concerning the cargo as may be
  reasonably requested by Buyer for the purpose of Japanese
  customs clearance.
  
  10.2  Other Invoices
  
   Except as provided in Article 10.1, in the event that any
  moneys are due from one party to the other hereunder
  (including, without limitation, amounts payable pursuant to
  Article 5.3 on account of failure by Buyer to meet its
  Lifting Obligation) then the party to whom such moneys are
  due shall furnish or cause to be furnished an invoice
  therefor and relevant documents showing the basis for the
  calculation thereof.  Such invoice may be sent by telex or
  telegram, provided that signed copies of such invoice and
  such relevant documents are also sent at the same time.
  
  10.3  Invoice Due Dates, etc.
  
   (a)  Each invoice to Buyer referred to in Article 10.1
  shall become due and payable by Buyer on the thirtieth
  (30th) calendar day after the date of the bill of lading for
  the Butane cargo in question.  The failure by a vessel's
  master or authorized representative of the carrier to
  promptly sign and issue a bill of lading shall not
  constitute grounds for delay of payment by Buyer.  Each
  invoice referred to in Article 10.2 (except the invoice
  referred to in Article 5.3) shall become due and payable on
  the thirtieth (30th) calendar day after receipt thereof by
  the party to which it was sent.
  
   (b)  If any invoice would become due on a date which is
  not a Business Day, such invoice shall, notwithstanding the
  provisions of paragraph (a) above, become due and payable on
  the next succeeding Business Day.
  
   (c)  In the event the full amount of any invoice is not
  paid by either Seller or Buyer when due, any unpaid amount
  thereof shall bear interest from the due date until paid, at
  an interest rate, compounded annually, two (2) percentage
  points greater than the time-weighted average rate being
  charged during the period of delinquency by Citibank, N.A.,
  New York, New York, to its prime commercial customers for
  ninety (90) days loans.
  
  10.4  Payment
  
   Buyer shall pay, or cause to be paid, in U.S. Dollars by
  telegraphic transfer remittance in immediately-available
  funds, all amounts which become due and payable by Buyer
  pursuant to any invoice issued hereunder, to a bank account
  or accounts in the United States to be designated by Seller,
  provided that each such designation or change thereto shall
  be effective only upon the written consent of the VICO
  Group, the TOTAL Group and the UNOCAL Group, as third-party
  beneficiaries hereunder.  Seller shall pay, or cause to be
  paid, in U.S. Dollars by telegraphic transfer remittance in
  immediately-available funds, all amounts which become due
  and payable by Seller pursuant to any invoice issued
  hereunder, to a bank account designated by Buyer.  The
  paying party shall not be responsible for a designated
  bank's disbursement of amounts remitted to such bank, and a
  deposit in immediately-available funds of the full amount of
  each invoice with such bank shall constitute full discharge
  and satisfaction of the obligations under this Contract for
  which such amounts were remitted.  Each payment of any
  amount owing hereunder shall be in the full amount due
  without reduction or offset for any reason, including,
  without limitation, taxes, exchange charges or bank transfer
  charges.
  
  10.5  Seller's Rights Upon Buyer's Failure to Make Payment
  
   If payment of any invoice for quantities of Butane sold
  hereunder or for that portion of Buyer's Lifting Obligation
  for which Buyer is subject to payment of Damages pursuant to
  Article 5.3 (d) is not made within ten (10) days after the
  due date thereof, Seller shall be entitled, upon giving
  written notice to Buyer, to suspend subsequent shipments and
  sales to Buyer until the amount of such invoice and interest
  thereon has been paid.  Buyer shall not be entitled to any
  make-up rights in respect of such suspended shipments and
  sales.  If any such invoice is not paid within thirty (30)
  days after the due date thereof, then Seller shall have the
  right, at Seller's election, to terminate this Contract and
  such termination shall become effective upon the date of
  such notice of termination from Seller.  Seller's rights
  under this Article 10.5 and Seller's exercise of any of such
  rights shall be without prejudice to any other rights and
  remedies of Seller arising hereunder or by law or otherwise
  (including without limitation the right of Seller to demand
  adequate security of Buyer's performance under circumstances
  permitted by New York law, and to receive payment of all
  obligations and claims which arose or accrued prior to
  termination or by reason of default in payment by Buyer).
  
  10.6  Disputed Invoices
  
   In the event of disagreement concerning any invoice, the
  invoiced party shall make provisional payment of the total
  amount thereof and shall immediately notify the other party
  of the reasons for such disagreement, except that in the
  case of obvious error in computation the correct amount
  shall be paid disregarding such error. Invoices may be
  contested or modified only if, within a period of ninety
  (90) days after receipt thereof, Buyer or Seller serves
  notice on the other, questioning their correctness.  If no
  such notice is duly served, invoices shall be deemed correct
  and accepted by both parties.  Promptly after resolution of
  any dispute as to an invoice, the amount of any overpayment
  or underpayment shall be paid by Seller or Buyer to the
  other, as the case may be, plus interest at the rate
  provided in Article 10.3 from the date payment was due to
  the date of payment.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 11
  PROGRAMMING AND SHIPPING MOVEMENTS
  
  
  11.1  Annual Programs
  
   Not later than October fifteenth (15th) of each year,
  Seller shall give written notice to Buyer of the quantity of
  Butane available for delivery hereunder at the Loading Port
  during the next calendar year.
  
   On or before October twenty-fifth (25th) of each calendar
  year after receipt of the foregoing notice, Buyer shall
  advise Seller in writing of the portion (if any) of the
  Fixed Quantity Buyer wishes to take during each Quarter of
  the following year (the "Program Year") specifying the
  quantity of Butane it wishes to take in each such Quarter. 
  Seller and Buyer shall thereupon consult together with a
  view to reaching agreement, by November eighth (8th) of the
  year preceding the Program Year, upon a program for the
  quantity of Butane to be shipped hereunder from the  Loading
  Port during each Quarter during the Program Year (the
  "Annual Program").  If no such agreement shall have been
  reached as to an Annual Program by November eighth (8th) of
  the year preceding the Program Year, or if Buyer shall have
  not notified Seller of its requested quarterly quantities of
  Butane by October twenty-fifth (25th) of such year, Seller
  shall be entitled, using reasonable discretion, to establish
  upon notice made to Buyer by November tenth (10th) of the
  same year, the Annual Program for the Program Year.  In so
  doing, Seller shall take into consideration the contents of
  the above notice from Buyer, Seller's commitments to other
  purchasers of LPG from the Bontang LPG Facilities, the
  production ratio of Butane and Propane at the Loading Port
  and the provisions of Article 5.2.
  
   For the Program Year 1992, Seller and Buyer shall
  exchange the above information promptly upon execution of
  this Contract and shall thereupon consult together upon the
  Annual Program; but if the Annual Program is not agreed
  within 14 days after execution hereof Seller may establish
  the Annual Program on the basis provided in the foregoing
  paragraph.
  
  11.2  Quarterly Schedule
  
   (a)  Not later than the twenty-fifth (25th) day of the
  first month of each Quarter commencing with the Quarter
  immediately preceeding the Quarter in which deliveries under
  this Contract commence, Buyer shall advise Seller in writing
  of the quantity of Butane Buyer wishes to take during the
  succeeding Quarter (the "Shipment Quarter") based on the
  quantities established under the Annual Program for such
  Quarter; provided, however, that with respect to such notice
  given in the last Quarter of any calendar year, the
  quantities shall be based on Buyer's notice referred to in,
  and shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with,
  Article 11.1.
  
   (b)  Following receipt of the notice referred to in
  Article 11.2 (a), Seller and Buyer shall thereupon consult
  together with a view to reaching agreement upon, by the
  eighth (8th) day of the second month of the Quarter
  preceding the Shipment Quarter, a loading schedule for the
  Shipment Quarter, specifying the month in which the shipment
  of Butane is to be made in the Shipment Quarter and the
  quantity of Butane to be shipped ("Quarterly Schedule").  If
  no such agreement shall have been reached as to a Quarterly
  Schedule by the eighth (8th) day of the second month of the
  Quarter preceding the Shipment Quarter, or if Buyer shall
  have not issued a notice to Seller in accordance with
  Article 11.2 (a), Seller shall be entitled, using reasonable
  discretion, to establish, upon notice made to Buyer by the
  tenth (10th) day of the second month of the Quarter
  preceding the Shipment Quarter, the Quarterly Schedule.  In
  so doing, Seller shall take into consideration the contents
  of the notice from Buyer referred to in Article 11.2 (a),
  Seller's commitments to other purchasers of LPG from the
  Bontang LPG Facilities, and the provisions of Article 5.2.
  
   (c)  For the first Shipment Quarter in 1992, Buyer shall
  advise Seller of the information in paragraph (a) above
  promptly upon execution of this Contract and Buyer and
  Seller shall thereupon consult together upon the Quarterly
  Schedule; but if the Quarterly Schedule is not agreed within
  14 days after execution hereof Seller may establish the
  Quarterly Schedule on the basis provided in the foregoing
  paragraph.
  
  11.3  Nominations
  
   (a)  An Accepted Date Range shall be a five (5) day
  period of time determined in respect of each shipment
  hereunder in accordance with the provisions of this Article. 
  Each date range proposed by either party or established by
  the Seller as the Accepted Date Range shall, unless
  otherwise agreed, be a period of five (5) days.
  
   (b)  No later than the twentieth (20th) day of the second
  calendar month preceding each month in which shipments of
  Butane are projected to be made hereunder in accordance with
  the most recent Quarterly Schedule covering such month
  ("Shipment Month"), Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  range(s) of days which Buyer proposes ("Nominated Date
  Range(s)"), as to any shipment in that month, the quantity
  of Butane to be shipped ("Nominated Quantity") based on the
  quantities established in the Quarterly Schedule for such
  month, and the name of the LPG Tanker ("Named LPG Tanker")
  or that it is a "to be named" LPG Tanker ("TBN").
  
   (c)  Seller shall respond to Buyer's notice referred to
  in paragraph (b) above no later than the first (1st) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month
  as to whether Nominated Date Range(s), Nominated Quantity
  and other requests are acceptable, and if they are, the
  Nominated Date Range(s) and Nominated Quantity of Butane
  shall be the Accepted Date Range(s) and the Accepted
  Quantity for the Shipment Month.  If the Nominated Date
  Range(s) or Nominated Quantity or other requests are not
  acceptable to Seller, Seller shall propose the minimum
  modifications to Buyer's requests required to accommodate
  Seller's and the Loading Terminal's operations and
  schedules.  Buyer and Seller shall consult together with a
  view to reaching agreement upon, by the sixth (6th) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  a mutually-acceptable schedule of shipments, quantities and
  date range(s).
  
   (d)  If no agreement shall have been reached as to date
  range(s) and/or quantities by the sixth (6th) day of the
  calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  Seller shall be entitled, using reasonable discretion, to
  establish, upon notice to Buyer by the eighth (8th) day of
  the calendar month immediately preceding the Shipment Month,
  the necessary date range(s) for shipments hereunder, which
  shall be deemed to be the Accepted Date Range(s), and/or the
  quantity of Butane to be shipped in relation to each such
  range, which shall be deemed to be the Accepted Quantity,
  for the Shipment Month.
  
   (e)  For the first Shipment Month, if so required due to
  the Quarterly Schedule proposed by Buyer pursuant to Article
  11.2, Buyer shall advise Seller of the information in
  paragraph (b) above promptly upon execution of this Contract
  and Buyer and Seller shall thereupon consult together upon a
  mutually-acceptable schedule of shipments, quantities and
  date range(s); but if such schedule is not agreed within
  fourteen (14) days after execution hereof Seller may
  establish such schedule on the basis provided in the
  foregoing paragraph.
  
   (f)  Buyer and Seller shall be deemed to have undertaken
  to receive and to deliver, respectively, the Accepted
  Quantity during the Accepted Date Range(s).
  
  11.4  Notification of Expected Arrivals
  
   Not later than seven (7) days prior to the first day of
  each Accepted Date Range, Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  expected date of arrival of the LPG Tanker scheduled to
  receive the Butane, and written instructions regarding the
  making up and disposition of bills of lading and orders for
  port(s) of discharge, which, if reasonable, shall be
  complied with by Seller.  Buyer shall notify Seller of the
  name of any LPG Tanker previously advised as a TBN as soon
  as possible but in no event later than the last day for the
  naming of a vessel under Terminal Procedures.  Buyer may
  thereafter substitute another LPG Tanker of similar class,
  type, size, capacity and position, provided all other
  provisions hereof are complied with and further provided
  that the advice of substitution is timely under Terminal
  Procedures.
  
  11.5  LPG Tanker to Arrive Precooled
  
   Upon arrival at the Loading Port, any LPG Tanker which
  does not have its cargo tanks adequately precooled, or is in
  any other way not fit or ready for the receipt of the Butane
  as required by the Terminal Procedures will, if scheduling
  and other operational considerations permit, be cooled down
  at the berth at Buyer's expense.  Laytime will be extended
  for any time required for cooldown, such time to begin when
  the vessel starts to receive Butane for cooling and to end
  when the required loading temperature is reached. Cooldown
  Butane will be measured in the same manner as Butane for
  delivery and charged at the Contract Sales Price in effect
  at the time of delivery.  Should the extended berth time
  cause a conflict with LNG delivery schedules, Buyer shall
  cause the LPG Tanker to vacate the berth and return later to
  continue cooldown or loading, as the case may be.  All
  laytime, harbor fees and port charges for vacating and
  returning to the berth under these circumstances will be for
  Buyer's account.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 12
  DELIVERY
  
  
  12.1  Delivery
  
   (a)  Delivery of the Butane shall be made F.O.B. by
  Seller to Buyer at the Loading Terminal in bulk into LPG
  Tankers arranged by Buyer. The Butane shall be transported
  to and unloaded at the Receiving Facilities.
  
   (b)  Buyer shall return to Seller free of charge the
  vapor from Buyer's LPG Tankers during loading and cooling
  operations.
  
   (c)  It is intended that all deliveries will be made in
  full LPG Tanker cargo lots.  However, Seller and Buyer will
  endeavor to accommodate the other party's request for part-
  cargo shipments if such accommodation is possible taking
  into account shipping and production schedules and ullage at
  the Bontang Facilities.
  
   (d)  Buyer shall take delivery of the Accepted Quantity
  of Butane scheduled to be loaded, subject to a plus or minus
  five percent (5%) operational lifting tolerance to account
  for operational limitations of LPG Tankers.
  
  12.2  Loading Terminal, LPG Tankers and Terminal
        Procedures
  
   (a)  Buyer shall provide LPG Tankers at the Loading Port
  to take delivery of Butane which have the following general
  specifications and such other specifications as may be
  required pursuant to paragraph (b) below:
  
          LPG Tanker capacity   : 15,000 to 100,000 Cubic Meters
          Total deadweight      : up to 65,000 metric tons
          Length overall        : 159 to 255 meters
          Beam extreme          : up to 40 meters
          Maximum draft         : up to 12.5 meters
    
   (b)  Seller shall provide at the Loading Terminal a
  berth, mooring or other area capable of handling LPG Tankers
  which are within the specifications set out in paragraph (a)
  above and Article 12.1 (c). Seller shall furnish with
  reasonable dispatch, upon Buyer's request therefore, all
  necessary information concerning restrictions applicable at
  the Loading Port and the Loading Terminal with respect to
  maximum draft, length and the like in addition to those set
  out in paragraph (a) above, Terminal Procedures relevant to
  LPG Tanker operations, and special or non-customary
  requirements of governmental authorities at the Loading Port
  with respect to LPG Tanker operations therein.  Buyer shall
  be deemed to be fully familiar with such restrictions,
  Terminal Procedures, and requirements, provided that Seller
  has furnished and Buyer has received such information as has
  been requested as aforesaid.  Buyer shall not nominate or
  furnish an LPG Tanker which does not conform to the
  aforesaid restrictions, Terminal Procedures, and
  requirements.  Buyer acknowledges that the Terminal
  Procedures and regulations of governmental authorities with
  jurisdiction over the Loading Port apply to the loading and
  receipt of the Butane and to Buyer's LPG Tankers thereat. 
  If Buyer's LPG Tanker does not conform to the Terminal
  Procedures or the requirements or regulations of the
  governmental authorities with respect to safety, size, age
  of the vessel, vessel movements, navigation and operating
  standards, discharge, and the like, or the master of the LPG
  Tanker fails to execute Conditions of Use then employed at
  the Loading Port, Seller may refuse to berth or load the LPG
  Tanker and any delays or expenses of Seller and Buyer due to
  such non-conformance, whether Seller so refuses or proceeds
  with berthing or loading, shall be for Buyer's account.
  
   (c)  Each of Buyer's LPG Tankers shall be designed and at
  all times be equipped and manned so as to safely receive, at
  the Delivery Point, Propane and Butane simultaneously for
  loading at a rate for each grade of LPG of not less than
  1,700 Cubic Meters per hour or, if loading one grade of LPG
  through two loading arms (if the LPG Tankers' manifold
  configuration so permits), 3,400 Cubic Meters per hour, or
  if loading Butane and Propane sequentially, at a rate of not
  less than 1,700 Cubic Meters per hour.
  
   (d)  The provisions of this Contract applicable to LPG
  Tankers shall apply whether an LPG Tanker is owned or
  operated by Buyer or otherwise employed by Buyer.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 13
  ARRIVAL, LOADING TIME AND DEMURRAGE
  
  
  13.1  Notice of Arrival
  
   (a)  Buyer shall arrange for each LPG Tanker to report by
  radio to the Loading Terminal or to Seller at the Loading
  Port a notice of the LPG Tanker's estimated time of arrival,
  initially within seventy-two (72) hours prior to the LPG
  Tanker's arrival at the Loading Port.  Such notice shall
  include a statement of the expected temperature of the
  bottom of the cargo tanks on arrival.
  
   (b)  Buyer shall arrange for each LPG Tanker to report by
  radio to the Loading Terminal or to Seller at the Loading
  Port forty-eight (48) and twenty-four (24) hours before
  arrival thereat (or at such other times as Buyer may be
  advised by Seller), stating the estimated time of arrival.
  
  13.2  Notice of Readiness and Loading
  
   As soon as the LPG Tanker arrives at the sea buoy of the
  Loading Port, the master shall give notice of readiness to
  Seller ("Notice of Readiness"); provided, however, that in
  the event an LPG Tanker should arrive at the Loading Port
  prior to the first day of the Accepted Date Range, Notice of
  Readiness shall be deemed effective at the earlier of (i)
  06.00 a.m. local time on the first day of the Accepted Date
  Range or such earlier time as applicable port regulations
  designate that vessels are permitted to proceed to berth, or
  (ii) the time loading commences.
  
  13.3  Laytime
  
   (a)  The allowed laytime for Seller to load each LPG
  Tanker ("Allowed Laytime") shall be four (4) hours plus
  either (i) one hour for every 1,700 Cubic Meters comprising
  the Accepted Quantity, if loading Propane or Butane
  sequentially, or (ii) one hour for every 3,400 Cubic Meters
  comprising the Accepted Quantity, if loading Propane and
  Butane simultaneously or if loading Butane through two
  loading arms, subject to adjustment as provided below and in
  Article 12.1 (d).
  
   (b)  The actual laytime for each LPG Tanker ("Used
  Laytime") shall commence (i) six (6) hours after the time
  when the Notice of Readiness is tendered by the LPG Tanker's
  master or six (6) hours after the Notice of Readiness is
  deemed effective pursuant to Article 13.2, whichever is
  later, or (ii) when the LPG Tanker is "all fast alongside"
  the berth and ready to receive cooldown Butane or cargo,
  whichever of the foregoing first occurs, and shall end when
  the loading and return lines of the LPG Tanker are
  disconnected from the Loading Terminal's loading and return
  lines.  Where delay is caused to an LPG Tanker getting into
  berth after giving Notice of Readiness for any reason over
  which neither Seller nor the Loading Terminal has control,
  such delay shall not count as Used Laytime.  If an LPG
  Tanker's  Notice of Readiness is tendered on a date later
  than the last day of the Accepted Date Range, the LPG Tanker
  shall await its turn to load in accordance with Terminal
  Procedures, and Used Laytime shall commence when the LPG
  Tanker is "all fast alongside" the berth and ready to
  receive LPG.  Any delay due solely to the LPG Tanker's
  condition or breakdown or inability of the LPG Tanker's
  facilities to load Butane within the time allowed or at the
  rate set forth in Article 12.2 (c) shall not count as Used
  Laytime or time on demurrage.
  
   (c)  The periods mentioned below shall be reduced from
  Used Laytime and shall not count as time on demurrage:
  
        (i)  any period during which proceeding from the
  anchorage, berthing, loading or clearing the LPG Tanker to
  proceed to sea after completion of loading is delayed,
  hindered or suspended by Buyer, the LPG Tanker's owner, the
  LPG Tanker's master, or any third party or governmental
  authority for reasons of safety, weather or for other
  reasons over which Seller has no control;
  
        (ii) any period of delay attributable to the
  operation of the LPG Tanker including the period of time
  such LPG Tanker awaits a berth by reason of the LPG Tanker
  being unable to receive Butane under this Contract or under
  the Terminal Procedures; 
  
        (iii)  any period during which the LPG Tanker's
  tanks are being cooled to a temperature that will permit
  continuous loading of Butane in accordance with Terminal
  Procedures;
  
        (iv) any period in excess of Allowed Laytime
  required to load the LPG Tanker due to the LPG Tanker's
  inability to load at the Loading Terminal's normal
  operational loading rate due to limitations placed on the
  loading rate by the LPG Tanker; and
  
        (v)  any period during which the LPG Tanker is
  waiting for all necessary port clearances.
  
  13.4  Demurrage
  
   (a)  If Used Laytime exceeds Allowed Laytime (as adjusted
  in accordance with Article 13.3) in loading any LPG Tanker,
  Seller shall pay to Buyer demurrage at the "Annual Demurrage
  Rate" per day in effect in the calendar year in which Used
  Laytime commenced for the LPG Tanker.  The "Annual Demurrage
  Rate" for each calendar year shall be the rate (in U.S.
  Dollars per day) to be determined in accordance with the
  procedures set out in Exhibit B, and such rate shall be
  notified to Buyer as soon as possible after it has been
  determined.
  
   (b)  If demurrage shall be incurred at the Loading Port
  by reason of fire, explosion, storm or by a strike, lockout,
  stoppage or restraints of labour or by breakdown of
  machinery or equipment in or about the plant of Seller,
  demurrage shall be reduced by one-half of the amount set out
  in Exhibit B.  Seller shall not be liable for any demurrage
  for delay caused by strike, lockout, stoppage or restraints
  of labour for master, officers and crew of the LPG Tanker or
  tugboat or pilots.
  
   (c)  Buyer shall invoice Seller for amounts due under
  this Article 13.4 and Seller shall pay the invoice in
  accordance with the terms of Article 10.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 14
  DEPARTURE, MISCELLANEOUS CHARGES AND INSURANCE
  
  
  14.1  Departure
  
   Each LPG Tanker shall vacate the berth as soon as loading
  is completed, subject to and in accordance with the Terminal
  Procedures.  Any loss or damage incurred by Seller as a
  result of the LPG Tanker's failure promptly to vacate the
  berth, except for any cause over which Buyer has no control,
  shall be paid by Buyer to Seller.
  
  14.2  Miscellaneous Charges
  
   Dues and other charges on the Butane loaded shall be paid
  by Seller.  Dues and other charges on the LPG Tanker,
  whether or not such dues or charges are based on the
  quantity of Butane loaded or the freight and regardless of
  who is initially required to pay or withhold such dues and
  charges, shall be paid or borne by Buyer.  Any taxes on
  freight shall be borne by Buyer.
  
  14.3  Insurance and Conditions of Use
  
   Buyer shall ensure that all LPG Tankers shall be entered
  in a reputable P & I Club acceptable to Seller for all
  risks, including, without limitation, those provided for in
  the Conditions of Use.  All costs related to entering LPG
  Tankers with reputable P & I Clubs shall be at Buyer's
  expense.  Buyer shall ensure that the owner, operator or
  charterer and master of each LPG Tanker shall accept the
  Conditions of Use. The Conditions of Use shall be modified
  by an Omnibus Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers
  and Buyer's Transporter (the "Omnibus Agreement") and a
  Waiver Agreement between Seller, Seller's Suppliers, Buyer's
  Transporter and Buyer (the "Waiver Agreement") in the same
  form and substance as hitherto executed in connection with
  the use of the Loading Port by other LNG and/or LPG vessels.
  Prior to the first sale and delivery of Butane under this
  Contract, Seller shall sign and cause Seller's Suppliers to
  sign the Omnibus Agreement and Waiver Agreement, Buyer shall
  sign and cause Buyer's Transporter to sign the Waiver
  Agreement, and Buyer shall cause Buyer's Transporter to sign
  the Omnibus Agreement.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 15
  FORCE MAJEURE
  
  
  15.1  Events of Force Majeure
   (a)  Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be liable for any
  delay or failure in performance hereunder if and to the
  extent such delay or failure in performance is directly
  caused by any of the following causes or events (any such
  cause or event is hereinafter referred to as an event of
  "Force Majeure"):
  
        (i)  As to the Bontang Facilities and the Receiving
  Facilities:
             (A)  fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
  lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado, earthquake, landslide,
  soil erosion, subsidence, washout or epidemics;
             (B)  war, riot, civil war, blockade,
  insurrection, sabotage, acts of public enemies or civil
  disturbances;
             (C)  strike, lockout or other industrial
  disturbances;
             (D)  accidental damage to Natural Gas
  reservoirs or Natural Gas production facilities in the Gas
  Supply Area or to the facilities for transportation of
  Natural Gas from the Gas Supply Area;
  
             (E)  accidental damage to any of the Bontang
  LPG Facilities or the Bontang LNG Facilities;
  
             (F)  accidental damage to the Receiving
  Facilities capable of receiving the LPG cargo(es) in
  question;
             (G)  inability or reduced capacity of
  facilities to produce or ship LNG or other hydrocarbons, in
  either case, requiring a cessation, suspension, interruption
  or curtailment in production or transmission of Natural Gas,
  LPG or LNG;
             (H)  depletion, reduction or insufficiency of
  reserves of, or a change in the characteristics of Natural
  Gas from, or a change in the reservoir characteristics of,
  the Gas Supply Area such that the contractual quantities of
  Butane hereunder cannot be produced in a commercial manner;
  or
             (I)  act of government or governmental
  authorities or any law, decree, order or the like, or taking
  or confiscation whether or not acting under color of law,
  that directly affects the ability of a party to perform any
  obligation hereunder other than the obligation to remit
  payments as provided in Article 10.4 hereof on account of
  Butane delivered and taken or not taken and subject to
  payment of Damages under this Contract.
        (ii) As to Named LPG Tankers:
  
             (A)  loss of Named LPG Tanker or serious damage
  thereto;
             (B)  closing of harbors, ports or other
  facilities;
             (C)  accident of navigation or perils of the
  sea;
             (D)  fire, flood, atmospheric disturbance,
  lightning, storm, typhoon, tornado, or epidemics;
  
             (E)  war, riot, civil war, blockade,
  insurrection, acts of public enemies, or civil disturbance;
  
             (F)  strike or other industrial disturbance
  occurring aboard a Named LPG Tanker; or
  
             (G)  acts of government.
  
        (iii)     As to the Bontang Facilities, the
  Receiving Facilities and Named LPG Tankers: any event or
  cause whether or not of the same type or class as described
  above and whether or not foreseeable, reasonably beyond the
  control of the party affected which by the exercise of due
  diligence that party is unable to overcome.
  
   (b)  Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a)
  above:
        (i)  Buyer shall in no event be relieved of its
  obligations to pay Seller for Butane sold and delivered to
  it hereunder or for payment of Damages pursuant to Article
  5.2 for Butane not taken;
  
        (ii) neither party shall be relieved from any other
  obligations to make payments required hereunder to the other
  party; and
        (iii)     neither party shall be relieved from its
  obligation to make payments in immediately available U.S.
  Dollars in the place or places otherwise provided for
  herein.
  
   (c)  Settlement of strikes, lockouts or other industrial
  disturbances shall be entirely within the discretion of the
  party experiencing such situations, and nothing herein shall
  require such party to settle industrial disputes by yielding
  to demands made on it when it considers such action
  inadvisable.
  
  15.2  Notice, Resumption of Normal Performance
  
   (a)  Immediately upon the occurrence of an event of Force
  Majeure that gives a party warning that the event may delay
  or prevent the performance by Seller or Buyer of any of its
  obligations hereunder, the party affected shall give notice
  thereof to the other party describing such event and stating
  the obligations the performance of which are, or are
  expected to be, delayed or prevented, and (either in the
  original or in supplemental notices) stating (i) the
  estimated period during which performance may be suspended
  or reduced, including, to the extent known or ascertainable,
  the estimated extent of such reduction in performance, and
  (ii) the particulars of the program to be implemented to
  ensure full resumption of normal performance hereunder.
  
   (b)  In order to promote resumption of normal performance
  of this Contract within the shortest practicable time, the
  party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall take all
  measures to that end which are reasonable in the
  circumstances, taking into account the consequences
  resulting from such event of Force Majeure, provided that
  such party shall not be required to take measures which
  would involve it in material additional expense or in a
  material departure from its normal practices.  Prior to
  resumption of normal performance the parties shall continue
  to perform their obligations under this Contract to the
  extent not prevented by such event of Force Majeure.
  
  15.3  Effect on Deliveries, Supplies, Term
  
   (a)  No curtailment or suspension of deliveries or
  receipt of deliveries shall operate to extend the duration
  of this Contract or to terminate this Contract (except as
  specified in paragraph (c) below).  Neither Buyer nor Seller
  shall be obliged to make up shipments omitted due to Force
  Majeure, whether affecting Seller or Buyer.
  
   (b)  Under no circumstances shall Seller be obliged to
  purchase or otherwise obtain Butane lost or not produced as
  the result of Force Majeure, or to replace or supplement the
  Gas Supply Area as the source of supply of Natural Gas for
  Butane or to replace or supplement the Bontang LPG
  Facilities for production of Butane.  Should Seller obtain
  or acquire alternate Butane supplies, Seller shall not be
  obligated to allocate any such supplies to Buyer.
  
   (c)  If either Buyer's or Seller's performance hereunder
  is delayed or prevented by Force Majeure for more than one
  hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days, the other party
  shall have the right to terminate this Contract upon sixty
  (60) days' prior notice after expiration of such period of
  one hundred and eighty (180) days to the other party
  provided that such event of Force Majeure is not remedied
  within such period of notice.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 16
  EARLY TERMINATION
  
  
   If Buyer shall become insolvent or unable to pay its
  debts as they mature, or commits or suffers any act of
  bankruptcy (including filing or failing to have discharged
  any petition in bankruptcy, reorganization, winding-up,
  liquidation or similar proceeding, the appointment of a
  receiver or trustee of Buyer or its assets, and assignment
  for the benefit of its creditors or similar composition),
  then Buyer shall be in material breach hereunder and (in
  addition to such other remedies as it may have) Seller shall
  have the right to terminate this Contract forthwith upon
  notice to Buyer.
  
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 17
  ARBITRATION
  
  
   Any dispute between Seller and Buyer in connection with
  this Contract or the interpretation, performance or non-
  performance hereof shall be finally settled by arbitration
  pursuant to the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the
  International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC"), in effect at that
  time, by three (3) arbitrators appointed in accordance with
  said Rules.  The place at which such arbitration proceedings
  shall be held shall be Paris, France and the arbitrators
  shall be bound to apply the laws of the State of New York in
  determination of the dispute.  The award rendered by the
  arbitrators shall be final and binding upon the parties, and
  may be entered and enforced in any court having
  jurisdiction.  The arbitration proceedings shall be
  conducted in the English language.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 18
  APPLICABLE LAW
  
  
   This Contract shall be governed by and interpreted in
  accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United
  States of America.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 19
  CONFIDENTIALITY
  
  
   Information or documents furnished by a party to the
  other party hereunder in connection with the performance of
  this Contract, and which the disclosing party identifies as
  confidential may not be used or communicated to third
  parties without the agreement of Seller, in the case of
  information and documents furnished to Buyer, and of Buyer,
  in the case of information and documents furnished to
  Seller. This restriction shall not apply to information or
  documents which:
  
   (a)  have fallen into the public domain otherwise than
  through the act or failure to act of the party that has
  received them;
  
   (b)  are communicated to any Supplier or any Affiliate of
  a party or a Supplier, with the obligation of the receiving
  persons to maintain confidentiality;
  
   (c)  are communicated to legal counsel, accountants,
  other professional consultants or advisers, underwriters or
  lenders of a party of a Supplier, or other persons that are
  participating in the implementation of sales of LPG from the
  Bontang Facilities, with the obligation of the receiving
  persons to maintain confidentiality;
  
   (d)  are communicated to contractors for or operators of
  the Bontang Facilities, the Loading Port, any LPG Tanker, or
  the Loading Terminal, provided that such communication is
  necessary for the performance by a party of the obligations
  under this Contract and provided further that said
  contractors and operators shall be subject to an obligation
  to maintain confidentiality; or 
  
   (e)  are communicated to any governmental authorities of
  Japan or the Republic of Indonesia, or the United States of
  America, or the country of incorporation of any Supplier
  claiming authority to require such disclosure, in accordance
  with that authority.
  
   The foregoing obligations of the parties shall survive
  termination of this Contract.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 20
  NOTICES
  
  
   All notices and other communications for purposes of this
  Contract shall be in English and in writing, which shall
  include transmission by telex, cable, or other electronic
  means such as facsimile transmission, except that notices
  given from ships at sea may be by radio in English.  Notices
  and other communications given by telex, cable or other
  electronic means shall be confirmed by air mail unless
  otherwise agreed by the parties.  Notices and communications
  shall be directed as follows:
   
  A.    To Seller at the following:
     
          PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
       (PERTAMINA)
     
          (Mail address)      P.O. BOX 12 / JKT
                              Jl. Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
                              Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia
     
          (Cable address)     PERTAMINA
                              JAKARTA, INDONESIA VIA RCA
     
          (Telex address)     PERTAMINA
                              44302 or 44152
                              JAKARTA, INDONESIA
     
          (Facsimile address) 62-21-355271
     
          In each case marked for the attention of:
          Head of Gas Marketing Department
           <PAGE>
B. To Buyer at the following:
     
          NATIONAL FEDERATION OF AGRICULTURAL CO-OPERATIVE
       ASSOCIATIONS (ZEN-NOH)
     
          (Mail address)      NOHKYO BLDG.
                              8-3, 1-Chome Ohtemachi
                              Chiyoda-Ku
                              Tokyo
                              JAPAN
       
     (Telephone address)      81-3-3245-7332

          (Telex address)          3222-3686 ZENNO J
       
     (Facsimile address)      81-3-3270-3807
        Either party may designate additional addresses for
  particular communications as required from time to time, and
  may change any address, by notice given thirty (30) days in
  advance of such addition or change.  Immediately upon
  receiving communications by telex, cable, facsimile or radio,
  a party shall acknowledge receipt by the same means (or may
  acknowledge receipt of facsimile by telex or cable), and may
  request a repeat transmittal of the entire communication or
  confirmation of particular matters.
  
   If the sender receives no acknowledgement of receipt
  within twenty-four (24) hours, or receives a request for
  repeat transmittal or confirmation, said party shall repeat
  the transmittal or answer the particular request.  Unless
  otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices hereunder
  shall become effective upon receipt, and for the purposes
  hereof, "receipt" in the case of a telex shall refer to a
  message sent for which an "answer-back" was received by the
  sender. Prior to the first Shipment Month, the parties shall
  establish radio channels, frequencies and procedures for all
  communications between LPG Tankers, the Bontang Facilities
  and the authorities for the Loading Port and Loading
  Terminal.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 21
  ASSIGNMENT
  
  
   Neither this Contract nor any rights or obligations
  hereunder may be assigned by Buyer without the prior written
  consent of Seller, or by Seller without the prior written
  consent of Buyer.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 22
  AMENDMENTS
  
  
   This Contract may not be amended, modified, varied or
  supplemented except by an instrument in writing signed by
  the President-Director or other duly authorized
  representative of Seller and by a Director or other duly
  authorized representative of Buyer.
  
   Performance of any condition or obligation to be
  performed hereunder shall not be deemed to have been waived
  or postponed except by an instrument in writing signed by an
  authorized signatory, as specified in the preceding
  paragraph, of the party who is claimed to have granted such
  waiver or postponements.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 23
  ENTIRE AGREEMENT
  
  
   This Contract constitutes the entire agreement between
  the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
  supersedes and replaces any provisions on the same subject
  contained in any other agreement or communications between
  the parties prior to the execution of this Contract, whether
  written or oral.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 24
  LANGUAGE OF THE CONTRACT
  
  
   This Contract has been made and executed only in the
  English language.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 25
  HEADINGS
  
  
   The headings and captions in this Contract are inserted
  solely for the sake of convenience and shall not affect the
  interpretation or construction of this Contract.
    <PAGE>
ARTICLE 26
  COUNTERPARTS
  
  
   This Contract has been executed in two (2) identical
  counterparts, each of which shall have the force and dignity
  of an original, and both of which shall constitute but one
  and the same Contract.
    <PAGE>
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused
  this Contract to be executed in Jakarta by its duly
  authorized representative as of the date first written
  above.
    
  
  SELLER:                          BUYER:
  
  PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK   NATIONAL FEDERATION OF 
  DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)  AGRICULTURAL CO-OPERATIVE   
                                   ASSOCIATIONS ("ZEN-NOH")
  
  
    By :     F. ABDA'OE                    By : M. SHIGAKI
        PRESIDENT DIRECTOR                 CHAIRMAN AND
          PRESIDENT<PAGE>
Attachment 1
  Measurement and Sampling Procedures
  
  
  (A)   Sampling 
  
   Sampling shall be in accordance with GPA Publication 2174
  latest revisions and Appendix B of API Chapter 14.1.  Should
  other approved sampling methods be adopted by Seller, Buyer
  will be notified.
  
  (B)   Measurement
  
   (i)  Seller shall, at its sole cost, risk and expense,
  install or caused to be installed metering facilities of a
  standard make for the purpose of metering each grade of LPG.
  Said metering and sampling facilities shall meet Seller's
  specifications and shall be approved by the Government of
  Indonesia and shall be installed shoreside in a manner and
  at a location approved by Seller and shall be operated and
  maintained by Seller for Seller's account.  Buyer, in the
  presence of a member of Seller's staff, shall at reasonable
  times have access to the said metering facilities for the
  purpose of inspection, checking and reading.
  
   (ii) Equipment and Procedures
  
        1.   Detail engineering of the metering system shall
  be done by the contractor and is anticipated to be equipped
  with the following devises:
  
             Densitometer, de-aerator and strainer, turbine
  meters, pressure and temperature indicator, automatic
  sampler, electronic computer, ticket printer, system of
  valves and meter prover, all of which shall be
  approved/calibrated by MIGAS.  All measurements shall be in
  the metric system.
  
        2.   Loading lines shall be fully filled and cooled
  by circulation prior to loading.
  
        3.   Meters shall be proved each time a shipment is
  made and it shall be acceptable to prove meters either
  before, during or after tanker loading.  Testing of the
  meters with the meter prover shall be conducted during
  loading at loading rates that are normal for the LPG Tanker
  being loaded.  At least five runs shall be made with the
  meter prover.  At least three consecutive runs must achieve
  0.05% repeatability.  Data obtained shall be recorded on the
  meter proving report which shall be signed by the operators
  present during the proving procedure.  If the meter factor
  changes by more than 0.2% from the previous test the
  metering system shall be thoroughly examined.
  
        4.   Correction factors shall be first approved by
  the Customs & Excises Officer and the meter factor shall
  become certified by the Customs & Excises Officer signing
  the meter proving report.  The Customs & Excises Officer
  shall witness the entry of said meter factor into the
  computer and shall seal the door of the meter panel in use
  during loading.
  
        5.   Samples of each grade of LPG delivered shall be
  taken with an automatic sampler.  The samples obtained shall
  be analyzed in accordance with test methods specified in
  Exhibit A.  The results of these analyses shall determine
  the quality of LPG delivered.  Samples shall be kept for 90
  days.
  
        6.   The mass of each grade of LPG delivered shall
  be read from the delivery ticket that has been produced by
  the totalizer of the ticket printer.
  
        7.   The results shall be recorded on the Quantity
  Certificate and Quality Certificate referred to in Article
  9.1.
  
        8.   Should the meter prover be out of service, so
  that meters can not be tested with the meter prover, the
  meter factor of a meter during a delivery shall be
  determined from an average of at least two previous meter
  provings at comparable rates.
  
   (iii)     Accuracy
  
        The accuracy of the measuring equipment shall be
  verified by Direktorat Jenderal Minyak dan Gas Bumi
  ("MIGAS") of Indonesia at Seller's cost at intervals
  specified by Government regulations.  Upon demand of Buyer
  any meter shall be tested for accuracy of measurement and if
  found to be correct, or if found to be in error of not more
  than 1/2 of one percent (1/2%) with respect to liquid
  measurement, the expense of such testing shall be borne by
  Buyer, but the expense shall be borne by Seller if found
  incorrect by more than 1/2 of one percent (1/2%) with
  respect to liquid measurement.  In any event meters shall be
  adjusted properly at once to record accurately.
  
        In the event measuring equipment is out of service
  or out of repair, so that the volume being measured is not
  correctly indicated during any period by the reading
  thereof, the quantities attributable to such period shall be
  estimated and agreed upon the basis of the best data
  available, using the first of the following methods which is
  feasible:
  
        (a)  By using the registration of any check
  measuring equipment, if installed and accurately
  registering, or failing;
  
        (b)  By correcting the error if the percentage of
  error is ascertained by calibrations, test, or mathematical
  calculations, or failing;
  
        (c)  By shoreside tank gauging or failing;
  
        (d)  By ship tank gauging, or failing;
  
        (e)  By estimating on the basis of actual quantities
  measured during the preceding periods under similar
  conditions when the meter was registering accurately.
  
        Operators shall preserve and make available for
  inspection by Buyer all original test data, charts, and
  other similar records for a period of at least twenty six
  (26) months after the Year to which the data relates.
  
   (iv) Basis or Method of Measurement
  
        Notwithstanding any provisions of this Contract to
  the contrary, if in order to comply with or by reason of any
  present or future law, rule, regulation or order of any
  governmental authority having jurisdiction therein, now or
  hereafter, in effect during the term of this Contract, the
  basis or method of measurement hereunder is changed, or in
  the event Seller elects to measure by an alternate method of
  measurement which has been approved by the appropriate
  agency of the Government of Indonesia, then measurement
  procedures shall be adjusted to compensate for the change in
  the basis or method of measurement, such that the same
  selling price for the same quantity shall remain in effect,
  except as such selling price may be varied in accordance
  with the provisions of this Contract.
  
  (C)   Seller shall inspect LPG on a regular basis as it is
  produced and, in case the inspection results do not comply
  with the specifications set forth in Exhibit A pursuant to
  Article 7, Seller shall promptly advise Buyer of such
  results.
    <PAGE>
  Attachment 2
  
  Testing Method of LPG Residual Matter (Mass Analysis Method)
  
  1.    Scope
  
   This Standard provides for the testing method of LPG
  residual matter.
  
  2.    Summary of Method
  
   After approximately 1 kg of liquid sample is evaporated
  in an atmosphere by using the prescribed testing apparatus,
  it is evaporated for 20 minutes in constant temperature
  water bath at 75oC, and then the residual matter is weighed. 
  It is evaporated for 30 minutes in oven at 105oC, and then
  the residual matter is weighed, so as to obtain the residual
  matter at respective temperature.
  
  3.    Residual Matter Testing Equipment
  
   The equipment consists of apparatus (1) through (6)
  described below, and its assembly drawing is shown in Figure
  1.
  
   Figure 1: Assembly Drawing of Residual Matter
             Testing Equipment
  
   (1)  Sample Cylinder
        This is of a construction shown in Figure 2.  It is
  a cylinder made of stainless steel, steel or aluminum alloy,
  withstanding a pressure of more than 31 kgf/cm2 {3.04 MPa},
  equipped with two or one nozzle opening (s) and capable of
  connecting a sample introduction pipe thereto.  The cylinder
  valve should be equipped with a gas filling nozzle of a
  construction set forth in JIS BS245 (Valve for LPG
  Cylinder).
  
   Figure 2: Sample Cylinder [One Example]
  
   (2)  Connecting Pipe
  
        This is a pipe of approximately 5 mm in diameter,
  made of stainless steel or aluminum alloy, withstanding a
  pressure of more than 80 kgf/cm2.  It is provided with a
  connector to the sample cylinder on one end and with a
  connector to the cooler on the other end.
  
   (3)  Cooling Bath
  
        This is of a type set forth in Figure 3.
  
   Figure 3: Cooling Bath
  
   (4)  Filter
  
        Wire netting of stainless steel; 400 mesh
  
   (5)  Evaporation Cylinder and Upper Evaporation Pipe
  
        These are of glass with Class 1 hardness, and are of
  dimensions and a form shown in Figure 4
  
        Figure 4: Evaporation Cylinder and Upper Evaporation
                  Pipe
  
  
        (6)  Graduated Test Tube (with Plug)
  
        This is of glass with Class 1 harness, and is of a
  construction shown in Figure 5
  
        Figure 5: Graduated Test Tube and Plug
  
  4.    Constant-Temperature Water Bath and Others
  
   (1)  Constant-Temperature Water Bath
  
        This shall be capable of immersing the graduated
  cylinder down to the graduation line of 100 ml, and also
  capable of holding the bath temperature at 37.8 + 0.5o C,
  and also capable of holding it at 75+ 1o C.
  
   (2)  Platform Scale
  
        It shall have graduations of 0.01 kg or less
  
   (3)  Oven
  
        It shall be capable of holding the temperature at
  105+ 20o C, and shall not be provided with an ignition
  source.
  
  5.    Preparation for Testing
  
   (1)  Glass apparatus, etc. to be used in the testing
  shall be washed with cleaning solvents, such as acetone,
  etc., and water and foreign matters are removed therefrom.
  
   (2)  A piece of zeolite (one piece of ceramics, etc. of
  approximately 2 mm in diameter) is put into the graduated
  test tube and the tube is plugged.  Then the tube is held in
  the oven at 105o C for 30 min., and cooled in the decicator
  for another 30 min., the mass is measured to the digit of
  0.1 mg. often opening the plug once and closing it again.
  
   (3)  The evaporation cylinder and the graduated test tube
  are assembled in a manner as shown in Figure 1, and all of
  the ground glass joints are clamped with springs.
  
  6.    Collection of Sample
  
   (1)  Dry ice and isopropanol are put into the cooling
  bath, so as to spiral tube.
     (2)     Sample cylinder, connecting pipe, cooler and filters
  are connected as shown in Figure 1 (1).

        Then, the valves are opened in the order of the
  sample cylinder valve, sample valve and needle valve, and
  the connecting pipe, spiral tube and filter are co-washed
  with the liquid sample.

        Note (1):  In making connections, all places which
  will contact with the sample shall be of stainless steel or
  aluminum alloy.  When connections are made with rubber pipe,
  the connecting portions shall not be annointed with grease
  or lubricating oil.

   (3)  Sample cylinder valve is closed, and then the
  connecting pipe is removed from the sample cylinder.  The
  mass of sample cylinder is weighed to the digit of 0.01 kg.

   (4)  After the connecting pipe is attached to the sample
  cylinder, the sample cylinder valve is opened, and the
  sample is let into the evaporation cylinder in liquid state. 
  At this time, the sample is supplied little by little until
  the evaporation cylinder cools down.  Needle valve should be
  used in adjusting the flow of the sample.

   (5)  When approximately 2 liters of liquid sample is let
  into the evaporation cylinder, the sample cylinder valve is
  closed, and the sample cylinder is left as it is for
  approximately one minute.

   (6)  Then the connecting pipe is disconnected from the
  sample cylinder, and the mass of sample cylinder is weighed
  to the digit of 0.01 kg.  Then, the collected quantity of
  sample is calculated from the difference between this weight
  and the weight measured in item (3) above.
    
  7.    Preliminary Evaporation of Sample

   (1)  Upper evaporation pipe is attached to the
  evaporation cylinder and is fastened with springs.

   (2)  While cautioning that sudden boiling will not occur
  (2), the evaporation cylinder is exposed to atmosphere thus
  the sample will be evaporated until it is reduced to
  approximately 5 ml.
  
        Note (2): Evaporation shall be carried out so that
  bubbles will come out uniformly from the bottom of the
  graduated test tube.  If bubbles are not generated
  uniformly, it is recommended that the upper evaporation pipe
  is removed and the tip of copper wire (approximately 2 mm in
  diameter and 500 - 550 mm in length) is polished with rough-
  faced file and inserted from the top of the evaporation
  cylinder.  When evaporation speed is low, the graduated test
  tube shall be immersed in water bath of below 20o C.

        Remarks:  When the evaporation work is conducted
  outdoors, a place with good ventilation but without direct
  sunlight should be selected.  Adequate consideration shall
  also be made for fire, explosion and offensive odor.  When
  the work is conducted indoors, measures shall be taken to
  disposal Safety the evaporated gas from the upper
  evaporation pipe.

   (3)  After the test tube is immersed in the constant-
  temperature water bath at 37.8oC up to its shoulder for 20
  minutes, the graduated test tube is taken out of the
  constant-temperature water bath.
  
  8.    Measurement of Residual Matter at 75o C

   (1)  The graduated test tube is removed from the
  evaporation cylinder (3), and the graduated test tube is
  immersed into the constant temperature water bath at 75o C
  down to the 100 ml graduation line.  After being held there
  for accurately 20 minutes, air is blown into the same test
  tube for accurately 10 seconds at a rate of 3 l./minute (4),
  and the gas in the test tube is replaced by air.
  
        Note (3): Before removing the test tube, the water
  drops between the graduated test tube and the connecting
  portion of the evaporation cylinder shall be wiped off.

                  Note (4): Method of blowing the air into the test
  tube shall be in accordance with Figure 6.
    
        Figure 6: Method of Blowing Air into Test Tube 
  
        (2)  The graduated test tube is taken out the
  constant temperature water bath, and it is immediately
  plugged.  Water adhered to the graduated test tube should be
  wiped off.

             After being left cooling in the desicator for 30 minutes,
  opening plug once and closing it again in order to prevent
  vacuum situation, the graduated test tube is weighed to the
  digit of 0.1 mg.

    9.  Measurement of Residual Matter at 105o C
  
   (1)  Upon completing the operation in Section 8, the plug
  on the graduated test tube is removed, and the graduated
  test tube is horizontally placed in the oven at 1050o C for
  30 minutes, and then air is blown into the graduated test
  tube for accurately 10 seconds at a rate of 3 l./minute (3),
  and the gas in the test tube is replaced by air.
   (2)  The graduated test tube is taken out of the oven. 
  After being left cooling in the desicator for 30 minutes,
  the mass of the graduated test tube, together with the plug,
  is weighed to the digit of 0.1 mg.
    
  10.   Calculation and Results
  
          The residual matter is calculated in accordance with the
       following equation, and the result is rounded to an
       integer.  Each of the results will carry an additional
       remark of evaporation temperature.
         
               S    =    (A - B) X 10 3
                              M
                  where:    S:   Residual Matter (mass in ppm)
             A:   Mass (g) of the graduated test tube (with
                  plug) after evaporation at 75o C or 105o C
             B:   Mass (g) of the graduated test tube (with
                  plug)
             M:   Collected amount of the sample (kg)
  
        Remarks:  When foreign matters, such as rust, etc.
  are found at the inspection of the filter, such effects
  should be recorded.
  
    <PAGE>
Attachment 3
                               
  Precision for Residual Matter
  
  
  1.    Repeatability
  
   Duplicate results by the same operator should be
  considered suspect if they differ by more than the amounts
  shown in Figure 1 and 2 for repeatability.
  
  2.    Reproducibility
  
   The results of two laboratories should be considered
  suspect if the two results differ by more than the amounts
  shown in Figure 1 and 2 for reproducibility.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
     
                                            <PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>30
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND SUPPLY AGMT. FOR PACKAHE IV EXCESS SALES
<TEXT>



 
 
 
 
 
 
                                  SECOND 
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
                       FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES 
 
               (OSAKA GAS CONTRACT - PACKAGE IV QUANTITIES) 

 
                                 between 
 

                                PERTAMINA 
 

                                   and 
 

                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                          OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC. 
                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED 
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. 
                                   and 
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY 
 
 
 

                      Dated:  September 22, 1993
                      Effective: January 1, 1991 
 <PAGE>
                                  SECOND 
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT
                        FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
               (OSAKA GAS CONTRACT - PACKAGE IV QUANTITIES) 
 
 
 
 
     THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the 22
day of September, 1993, but effective as of the 1st day of January,
1991, by and between PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN  MINYAK  DAN  GAS 
BUMI  NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA INDONESIA
COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED, OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.,
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC., and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein referred to
collectively as "Contractors" and individually as "Contractor"), on
the other hand, 

                                WITNESSETH:
 
     WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but effective as
of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is herein
referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production Sharing
Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract dated April
23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such contract as
hereafter  amended  is  herein  referred  to as the "Renewed
Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing Contract are
herein referred to collectively as the "Production Sharing
Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein referred to as
the "VICO Contract Area"; and 

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts, each of
PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive, sell and
freely export its respective share of the Natural Gas produced and
saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage share of such
Natural Gas to which each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled,
as determined under the Production Sharing Contracts, is herein
referred to as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of such party);
and  
 
     WHEREAS, the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO Contract Area
exceed the reserves of Natural Gas committed to be produced,
supplied and delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to meet a
portion of PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales
contracts, LPG sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts;
and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors, has
constructed and expanded and is further expanding the Natural Gas
liquefaction and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on the
east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as the
"Bontang Plant"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the Amended
and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of February 9,
1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing Agreement"),
which provides for the operation of the Bontang Plant and the
payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as determined in
accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein referred to as
"Plant Operating Costs"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas
(as defined in Section 2.2 hereof) and the Other Contract Gas (as
defined in Section 2.3 hereof); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors, its
production sharing contractors in other contract areas in East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas") and
Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("MOBIL"), has entered into an LNG Sales
Contract with Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. ("Buyer") dated as of March 31,
1988 (such contract as amended is herein referred to as the "LNG
Sales Contract" and any terms defined therein have the same
meanings when used herein). Pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract,
PERTAMINA is committed to deliver and Buyer to receive, for each
Annual Program Period, the Scheduled Annual Quantity, which will
not be less than the Minimum Annual Quantity but (pursuant to
Section 7.4 thereof) may include Excess Quantities in excess of the
sum of the Reserved Quantity and the Annual Quantity if PERTAMINA
confirms that it has uncommitted production and shipping capacity
available.  Such Annual Quantities, Reserved Quantities and Excess
Quantities shall include the portions attributable thereto of any
quantities which PERTAMINA may be obliged to deliver pursuant to
the Side Letter Agreement herein referred to; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Buyer have executed a side letter to
the LNG Sales Contract of even date therewith pursuant to which
PERTAMINA is obligated to deliver to Buyer, without charge other
than the Transportation Element of the Contract Sales Price,
certain quantities of LNG provided Buyer complies with the
conditions therein set forth (such side letter is herein referred
to as the "Side Letter Agreement"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, the Scheduled Annual Quantity for Annual Program
Period July 1, 1988, to December 31, 1988, and for each of Annual
Program Periods 1989, 1990 and 1991, was established pursuant to
Section 12.1 of the LNG Sales Contract; and  
 
     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Memorandum of Agreement on 1992 and
1993 Quantities Under 1988 Sales and Purchase Contract between
PERTAMINA and Buyer dated November 22, 1991 (herein referred to as
the "1992 and 1993 MOA"), PERTAMINA and Buyer have agreed to the
Annual Quantity in respect of each of the 1992 and 1993 Annual
Program Periods; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors, the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and
MOBIL,  will make arrangements for the transportation of the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered under the LNG Sales
Contract and for the payment of costs respecting such
transportation (herein referred to as "Transportation Costs"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, the LNG Sales Contract provides that the Natural Gas
to be processed into LNG and sold and delivered by PERTAMINA is to
be produced from the Gas Supply Areas which include both (i) the
Bontang Gas Supply Area, which consists of the VICO Contract Area
and the Other Contract Areas and (ii) the Arun Gas Supply Area; and 
                           
 
     WHEREAS, by its letter No. 700/E0000/88-S2 dated June 22,
1988, PERTAMINA initially determined that seventy-five percent
(75%) of the LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract
would be supplied and produced from the Bontang Gas Supply Area and
twenty-five percent (25%) from the Arun Gas Supply Area; and 
 
     WHEREAS, by the Memorandum of Agreement on Supply
Entitlements, effective as of July 1, 1990, among VICO, MOBIL,
Total Indonesie ("TOTAL") and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. ("UNOCAL"), 
it was determined that, effective July 1, 1990, one hundred percent
(100%) of the LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract
would be supplied and produced from the Bontang Gas Supply Area;
and 
 
     WHEREAS, in respect of the period from July 1, 1990 until
December 31, 1990, one hundred percent (100%) of the LNG sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract was supplied in Package III
percentages; and  
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in its letter No. 1852/D0000/89.S1 dated
December 20, 1989, set forth the gas sales to be allocated to
Package III.  The "Package III Entitlement", as used herein, shall
refer to (i)  seventy-five percent (75%) of the LNG sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract prior to July 1, 1990; (ii) 
all LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract in the
period from July 1, 1990 until December 31, 1990; and (iii)
15,125.25 billion BTU's each year, beginning with 1991, sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract (such 15,125.25 billion
BTU's being herein referred to as the "Base Quantity"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Fifth Supply Agreement for Excess
Sales (Osaka Gas Contract) dated as of March 31, 1988, PERTAMINA
and Contractors have agreed to supply and deliver Natural Gas from
the VICO Contract Area in support of the Package III Entitlement;
and  
 
     WHEREAS, subject to the proviso hereinbelow, the "Package IV
Entitlement" is herein defined as any quantities, beginning with
1991, sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract in excess of
the Base Quantity;  provided that if in any year Buyer fails to
take delivery of the Minimum Annual Quantity, any quantities
purchased by Buyer under the LNG Sales Contract in a later year to
make up such deficiency shall not be included in the Package IV
Entitlement for such later year; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, Contractors and the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas have executed a Memorandum
of Agreement Osaka/Toho LNG Sales and Purchase Contracts effective
as of January 1, 1991, establishing the method by which the portion
of the revenues earned under the LNG Sales Contract relating to the
Package IV Entitlement is to be determined; and
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of an
agreed portion of the Package IV Entitlement; and
 
     WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its Production
Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as herein defined) in
accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement, 

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 
ARTICLE 1
 
     This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of January 1,
1991, and shall terminate on the date the LNG Sales Contract
terminates. 

ARTICLE 2
 
     2.1  The total quantity of net Natural Gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of proved recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as LNG as
Package IV Quantities under the LNG Sales Contract is estimated to
be 0.1566 trillion standard cubic feet ("t.s.c.f.").  Such quantity
is herein referred to as the "Osaka Gas Net Gas Requirement
(Package IV)".  
 
     2.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from proved economically recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in specific fields within the VICO Contract Area
sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction
thereof) to meet a portion of the Osaka Gas Net Gas Requirement
(Package IV) over the term of this Supply Agreement consisting of
0.0392 t.s.c.f., or 25.0000% thereof, subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 2.4 hereof.  Such quantities of net Natural Gas
committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply Agreement are
herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and the above-stated
percentage is herein referred to as the "Producers' Percentage". 
The specific fields from which the VICO Contract Gas will be
committed, as well as the quantities committed from each field,
will be identified in a supplemental memorandum to be entered into
among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the production sharing contractors
in the Other Contract Areas (the "Supplemental Memorandum").  The
quantities committed from each field are subject to revision from
time to time, as the reserves from the fields may be updated and as
additional data, from deliverability studies and otherwise, become
available. 

     2.3  To meet the balance of the Osaka Gas Net Gas Requirement
(Package IV), constituting 0.1174 t.s.c.f. or 75.0000% thereof,
subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.4 hereof, sufficient
Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof) will
be committed for supply and delivery by PERTAMINA and its
production sharing contractors from proved recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in the Other Contract Areas by separate supply
agreements, similar hereto and compatible herewith, executed and
delivered concurrently herewith (such amounts are herein
collectively referred to as the "Other Contract Gas").  The
specific fields from which the Other Contract Gas will be
committed, as well as the quantities committed from each field,
will be identified in the Supplemental Memorandum. 
 
     2.4  The amounts of net Natural Gas constituting the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates
of proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas as certified by the
independent consultant firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton in written
statements dated on or before April 30, 1992, based on data
available on December 31, 1991.

          The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof and the
Producers' Percentage were established by PERTAMINA in its letter
dated December 20, 1989 (No. 1852/D0000/89.S1) to be used only on
a provisional basis until such time as DeGolyer and MacNaughton
certified such reserves, following which the identity of the
participating fields and the quantities in each field which
comprise the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the
Producers' Percentage would be adjusted and documented in the
Supplemental Memorandum in accordance with the Memorandum of
Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and Package IV Sales, dated
August 12, 1991, by and among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas.  
 
     2.5  Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 2.4 hereof, PERTAMINA and Contractors shall execute an
addendum to this Supply Agreement confirming the VICO participating
fields, the quantities in each field which comprise the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the Producers'
Percentage.  Pending completion of such adjustments, the Producers'
Percentage set out in Section 2.2 hereof shall be used on a
provisional basis.   
 
ARTICLE 3
 
     The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to
secure the optimal ultimate recovery of Natural Gas. The supply of
Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract
Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve and permit
full utilization of such Natural Gas.  The sources of supply,
producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related matters shall
be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee, consisting of representatives from PERTAMINA, VICO,
TOTAL and UNOCAL.  

ARTICLE 4
 
     4.1  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and prompt
administration of the LNG Sales Contract for the benefit of
PERTAMINA and Contractors.  All matters which affect the LNG Sales
Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder will be
administered by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and
the representative appointed by Contractors under Article 7 hereof. 
It is understood, however, that it will be necessary from time to
time for PERTAMINA, as seller under the LNG Sales Contract, to take
certain administrative and operational actions without prior
consultation where immediate action is required.  Contractors 
will be promptly advised of any such action.   
 
     4.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the LNG Sales Contract. 
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the LNG Sales Contract or to any permitted action or
election thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a change
in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto, a
memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as soon
as feasible and signed by each party hereto. 
 
     4.3  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas to
be delivered to Buyer at the Delivery Point. Title to each
Contractor's share of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of
the VICO Contract Gas shall pass to PERTAMINA eo instante with the
passage of title from PERTAMINA to Buyer.   
     4.4  The interests of PERTAMINA and each Contractor in each
cargo of LNG from the Bontang Plant shall be adequately insured
pursuant to arrangements mutually agreed to by PERTAMINA and each
Contractor.  PERTAMINA and each Contractor shall be entitled to
receive its Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of any proceeds paid under a marine insurance policy
covering a cargo of LNG being transported from the Bontang Plant. 
Such proceeds shall be remitted by the insurer directly to the bank
designated as Trustee pursuant to Article 5 hereof.   
 
     4.5  At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG to Buyer at
the Delivery Point, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and quality of
LNG delivered, together with copies of the invoices to Buyer
covering such shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish Contractors
with a copy of each invoice or billing delivered to Buyer on
account of interest or other payment obligations of Buyer under the
LNG Sales Contract concurrently with its being furnished to Buyer. 
Calculation of the Contract Sales Price, the amount of sales
invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any adjustments, shall be
reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior to
presentation to Buyer. 
 
ARTICLE 5
 
     5.1  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of Natural Gas to be
supplied under this Supply Agreement shall be its Production
Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the Package IV
Entitlement of the sum of: 
 
          (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyer to PERTAMINA for LNG
sold and delivered from the Bontang Plant under the LNG Sales
Contract;
  
          (b)  all other amounts which Buyer shall become obligated
to pay pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract with regard to deliveries
of LNG from the Bontang Plant, including, but not limited to:   
 
               (i)   amounts payable by Buyer for its failure to
          take quantities it is obligated to purchase under the LNG 
          Sales Contract; and 
 
               (ii)  any interest accruing on overdue invoice
          payments;  
 
          (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and 
 
          (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
this Section 5.1. 

     5.2  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of
the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section 5.1
hereof, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor that
Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 5.1 hereof.   
 
     5.3  Throughout the term of this Supply Agreement, all those
payments referred to in Section 5.1 hereof shall be paid in U.S.
Dollars directly to Continental Bank International in New York City
(or such other leading bank in the United States as shall be
selected by PERTAMINA and approved by Contractors) pursuant to that
certain Amended and Restated Bontang Excess Sales Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of February 9, 1988, among
PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production sharing contractors in the
Other Contract Areas and the Trustee thereunder, as the same may be
from time to time amended.  Amounts so received by the Trustee
shall be used for payment of (i) an agreed portion of Plant
Operating Costs, (ii) Transportation Costs in respect of LNG sold
and delivered from the Bontang Plant and (iii) other costs approved
by PERTAMINA and Contractors.  Amounts received by the Trustee, to
the extent that they are not used for payment of the costs referred
to in the preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable
to the VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to PERTAMINA and each
Contractor in accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage at
a bank or banks of its choice.   
 
     5.4  (a)  The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 5 shall extend throughout the term of this
Supply Agreement and shall not be affected by the production rates
or sources of Natural Gas supplied from the VICO Contract Gas or
the Other Contract Gas from time to time during the term hereof. 
 
          (b)  If the quantities of net Natural Gas produced from
the participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and
delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement exceed in the aggregate
the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas,  the Producers' Percentage
(and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to PERTAMINA and
Contractors hereunder) will not be increased, and Contractors,
together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with and have the right
to receive revenue from future marketing opportunities in respect
of a quantity of net Natural Gas from reserves in the Other
Contract Areas equal to such excess quantities. 
 
          (c)  If the quantities of net Natural Gas produced from
the participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and
delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement are in the aggregate
less than the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the Producers'
Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to
PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced, and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and any
new contract area, together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with
and have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas from
reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess quantities
delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area. 
 
ARTICLE 6
 
     All disputes arising in connection with this Supply Agreement
shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in the English
language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under the Rules of
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment
upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for a
juridical acceptance of the award and an order of enforcement, as
the case may be.   
     This Supply Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
America.
 
ARTICLE 7
 
     VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 hereof and for the giving of notices, responses or
other communications to and from Contractors under this Supply
Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written notice to
such effect from Contractors to PERTAMINA. 
 
ARTICLE 8
 
     Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail, cable, telex or telecopy to the following addresses: 
 
     To PERTAMINA: 
 
     PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA 
     (PERTAMINA) 
     Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A 
     Jakarta, Indonesia  
     Attention:  Head of BPPKA 
 
     Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia 
     Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta 
     Telecopy:  3846932
 
 
     To Contractors: 
 
     VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
     6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza 
     South Tower 
     Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14 
     P.O. Box 2828 
     Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia 
     Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia 
 
     Cable:  VICO 
     Telex:  79644421 
     Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037 

 
     cc:  VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
          One Houston Center 
          1221 McKinney 
          Suite 624 
          P.O. Box 1551 
          Houston, Texas 77251-1551 
          U.S.A. 
          Attention:  Chairman 
 
          Telex:  166-100 
          Telecopy:  (713) 754-6698 
 
 
     A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties. 
 

ARTICLE 9
 
     9.1  This Supply Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto. 
 
     9.2  This Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and
be binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Supply Agreement shall
be assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contracts. 
 
     9.3  The parties to this Supply Agreement shall be the only
persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder
of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not parties
to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to enforce any of the
obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto. 
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply
Agreement as of the day and year first written above but effective
as of January 1, 1991. 
 
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK      CONTRACTORS: 
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA) 
                                    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
 
 
 
BY _________/s/_______________      BY __________/s/__________ 
 
 
                                    LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED 
 
 
 
                                    BY _________/s/___________ 


                                    OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC. 
 
 
 
                                    BY ________/s/____________ 
 
 
                                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN 
                                     LIMITED 
 
 
 
                                    BY _______/s/_____________ 
 
 
                                    UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC. 
 
 
 
                                    BY _________/s/___________  

                                    VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY 
 
 
 
                                    BY ___________/s/_________ 

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>31
<DESCRIPTION>THIRD SUPPLY AGMT. FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
<TEXT>

          

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                  THIRD 
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
                       FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES 
 
               (TOHO GAS CONTRACT - PACKAGE IV QUANTITIES) 
 

                                 between 
 

                                PERTAMINA 
 

                                   and 
 

                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                          OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC. 
                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED 
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. 
                                   and 
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
               Dated:  September 28, 1993
               Effective: January 1, 1991 
 <PAGE>
                                                                 
                                  THIRD 
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT
                        FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
               (TOHO GAS CONTRACT - PACKAGE IV QUANTITIES) 
 
 
 
 
     THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the
28th day of September, 1993, but effective  as  of  the  1st  day 
of January, 1991,  by  and between PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN 
MINYAK  DAN  GAS  BUMI  NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand,
and VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA
LIMITED, OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC., and VIRGINIA
INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein referred to collectively as
"Contractors" and individually as "Contractor"), on the other
hand, 

                                WITNESSETH:
 
     WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but effective
as of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is
herein referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract
dated April 23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such
contract as hereafter  amended  is  herein  referred  to as the
"Renewed Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract are herein referred to collectively as the "Production
Sharing Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein
referred to as the "VICO Contract Area"; and 

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts, each
of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive,
sell and freely export its respective share of the Natural Gas
produced and saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage
share of such
Natural Gas to which each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is
entitled, as determined under the Production Sharing Contracts,
is herein referred to as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of
such party); and  
 
     WHEREAS, the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO Contract
Area exceed the reserves of Natural Gas committed to be produced,
supplied and delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to meet a
portion of PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales
contracts, LPG sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts;
and

     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors, has
constructed and expanded and is further expanding the Natural Gas
liquefaction and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on
the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as
the "Bontang Plant"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the
Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of
February 9, 1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing
Agreement"), which provides for the operation of the Bontang
Plant and the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs
as determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are
herein referred to as "Plant Operating Costs"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract
Gas (as defined in Section 2.2 hereof) and the Other Contract Gas
(as defined in Section 2.3 hereof); and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors, its
production sharing contractors in other contract areas in East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas") and
Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("MOBIL"), has entered into an LNG Sales
Contract with Toho Gas Co., Ltd. ("Buyer") dated as of September
1, 1988 (such contract as amended is herein referred to as the
"LNG Sales Contract" and any terms defined therein have the same
meanings when used herein).  Pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract,
PERTAMINA is committed to deliver and Buyer to receive, for each
Annual Program Period, the Scheduled Annual Quantity, which will
not be less than the Minimum Annual Quantity but (pursuant to
Section 7.4 thereof) may include Excess Quantities in excess of
the sum of the Reserved Quantity and the Minimum Annual Quantity
if PERTAMINA confirms that it has uncommitted production and
shipping capacity available.  Such Minimum Annual Quantities,
Reserved Quantities and Excess Quantities shall include the
portions attributable thereto of any quantities which PERTAMINA
may be obliged to deliver pursuant to the Side Letter Agreement
herein referred to; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Buyer have executed a side letter to
the LNG Sales Contract of even date therewith pursuant to which
PERTAMINA is obligated to deliver to Buyer, without charge other
than the Transportation Element of the Contract Sales Price,
certain quantities of LNG provided Buyer complies with the
conditions therein set forth (such side letter is herein referred
to as the "Side Letter Agreement"); and 
 
     WHEREAS, the Scheduled Annual Quantity for Annual Program
Period October 1, 1988, to December 31, 1988, and for each of
Annual Program Periods 1989, 1990 and 1991, was established
pursuant to Section 12.1 of the LNG Sales Contract; and  
 
     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Memorandum of Agreement between
PERTAMINA and Buyer dated November 22, 1991, but effective
October 15, 1991 (herein referred to as the "MOA"), PERTAMINA and
Buyer have agreed to the Scheduled Annual Quantity in respect of
each of the 1992 and 1993 Annual Program Periods; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors, the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and
MOBIL, will make arrangements for the transportation of the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered under the LNG Sales
Contract and for the payment of costs respecting such
transportation (herein referred to as "Transportation Costs");
and 
 
     WHEREAS, the LNG Sales Contract provides that the Natural
Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and delivered by PERTAMINA
is to be produced from the Gas Supply Areas which include both
(i) the Bontang Gas Supply Area, which consists of the VICO
Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas and (ii) the Arun Gas
Supply Area; and                             

     WHEREAS, by its letter No. 1160/D0000/1988-S1 dated November
2, 1988, PERTAMINA initially determined that seventy-five percent
(75%) of the LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract
would be supplied and produced from the Bontang Gas Supply Area
and twenty-five percent (25%) from the Arun Gas Supply Area; and 
 
     WHEREAS, by the Memorandum of Agreement on Supply
Entitlements, effective as of July 1, 1990, among VICO, MOBIL,
Total Indonesie ("TOTAL") and Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. ("UNOCAL"), 
it was determined that, effective July 1, 1990, one hundred
percent (100%) of the LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales
Contract would be supplied and produced from the Bontang Gas
Supply Area; and 
 
     WHEREAS, in respect of the period from July 1, 1990 until
December 31, 1990, one hundred percent (100%) of the LNG sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract was supplied in Package
III percentages; and  
 
     WHEREAS,  PERTAMINA, in its letter No. 1852/D0000/89.S1
dated December 20, 1989, set forth the gas sales to be allocated
to Package III.  The "Package III Entitlement", as used herein,
shall refer to (i) seventy-five percent (75%) of the LNG sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract prior to July 1, 1990;
(ii) all LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract in
the period from July 1, 1990 until December 31, 1990; (iii)
4,321.50 billion BTU's each year, beginning with 1991, sold and
delivered under the LNG Sales Contract; and (iv) seventy-five
percent (75%) of the LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales
Contract in excess of 5,762 billion BTU's each year, beginning
with 1991, up to but not exceeding a cumulative aggregate (from
the inception of the LNG Sales Contract) of 14,405 billion BTU's;
and 
 
     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Sixth Supply Agreement for Excess
Sales (Toho Gas Contract) dated as of September 1, 1988,
PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to supply and deliver
Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of the Package
III Entitlement; and  
 
     WHEREAS, subject to the proviso hereinbelow, the "Package IV
Entitlement" is herein defined as any quantities, beginning with
1991, sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract other than
those quantities comprising the Package III Entitlement; provided
that if in any year Buyer fails to take delivery of the Minimum
Annual Quantity, any quantities purchased by Buyer under the LNG
Sales Contract in a later year to make up such deficiency shall
not be included in the Package IV Entitlement for such later
year; and 
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, Contractors and the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas have executed a
Memorandum of Agreement Osaka/Toho LNG Sales and Purchase
Contracts effective as of January 1, 1991, establishing the
method by which the portion of the revenues earned under the LNG
Sales Contract relating to the Package IV Entitlement is to be
determined; and
 
     WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of an
agreed portion of the Package IV Entitlement; and
 
     WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as herein
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement, 

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 
ARTICLE 1
 
     This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of January 1,
1991, and shall terminate on the date the LNG Sales Contract
terminates. 
 
ARTICLE 2
 
     2.1  The total quantity of net Natural Gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of proved recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as
Package IV Entitlement quantities of LNG under the LNG Sales
Contract is estimated to be 0.0123 trillion standard cubic feet
("t.s.c.f.").  Such quantity is herein referred to as the "Toho
Gas Base Net Gas Requirement (Package IV)".  The Toho Gas Base
Net Gas Requirement (Package IV) is comprised of the Package IV
Entitlement to: (i) the BTU's already sold and delivered under
the LNG Sales Contract; (ii) each Scheduled Annual Quantity
agreed pursuant to the MOA; and (iii) the Contract Quantity and
Reserved Quantities expected to be taken during the period 1994
to 1997.

          In addition, the parties acknowledge that pursuant to
Section 7.4 of the LNG Sales Contract, Buyer may purchase
quantities of LNG provided Seller has uncommitted production and
shipping capacity available (herein referred to as "Excess
Quantities").  If during the period 1994 to 1997 Buyer purchases
Excess Quantities (estimated to be four (4) cargoes), an
additional quantity of net Natural Gas, estimated to be 0.0030
t.s.c.f., will be required to be supplied and delivered out of
proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for
liquefaction and sale as Package IV Entitlement quantities of LNG
under the LNG Sales Contract; such quantity is herein referred to
as the "Toho Gas Additional Net Gas Requirement (Package IV)". 
The Toho Gas Additional Net Gas Requirement (Package IV) may be
increased pursuant to the amendment procedure referred to in
Section 2.4 hereof.  
 
     2.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from proved economically recoverable reserves
of Natural Gas in specific fields within the VICO Contract Area
sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction
thereof) to meet a portion of the Toho Gas Base Net Gas
Requirement (Package IV) and the Toho Gas  Additional Net Gas
Requirement (Package IV) over the term of this Supply Agreement
consisting of 0.0038 t.s.c.f., or 25.0000% thereof, subject to
adjustment as provided in Section 2.5 hereof.  Such quantities of
net Natural Gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply
Agreement (and any amendment or amendments referred to in Section
2.4 hereof) are herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas",
and the above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the
"Producers' Percentage".  The specific fields from which the VICO
Contract Gas will be committed, as well as the quantities
committed from each field, will be identified in a supplemental
memorandum to be entered into among PERTAMINA, Contractors and
the production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas
(the "Supplemental Memorandum").  The quantities committed from
each field are subject to revision from time to time, as the
reserves from the fields may be updated and as additional data,
from deliverability studies and otherwise, become available.

     2.3  To meet the balance of the Toho Gas Base Net Gas
Requirement (Package IV), and the Toho Gas  Additional Net Gas
Requirement (Package IV), constituting 0.0115 t.s.c.f. or
75.0000% thereof, subject to adjustment as provided in Section
2.5 hereof, sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the
liquefaction thereof) will be committed for supply and delivery
by PERTAMINA and its production sharing contractors from proved
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Other Contract Areas
by separate supply agreements, similar hereto and compatible
herewith, executed and delivered concurrently herewith (such
amounts, and any amounts included pursuant to any amendment to
such supply agreements, are herein collectively referred to as
the "Other Contract Gas").  The specific fields from which the
Other Contract Gas will be committed, as well as the quantities
committed from each field, will be identified in the Supplemental
Memorandum. 

     2.4  If PERTAMINA and Contractors agree, pursuant to Section
4.2 hereof, that uncommitted production and shipping capacity are
available to meet all or a portion of Buyer's election to
purchase Excess Quantities and the Package IV Entitlement to such
quantities exceeds the 0.0030 t.s.c.f. amount estimated under
Section 2.1 hereof, PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to amend this
Supply Agreement to increase the Toho Gas Additional Net Gas
Requirement (Package IV) by that portion of the Package IV
Entitlement to such quantities to be supplied from the VICO
Contract Area.  Any such amendment shall be in the form of the
document attached hereto as Schedule A entitled "Amendment re
Excess Quantities Commitment" and shall be entered into by the
parties to this Supply Agreement in a timely manner.  The balance
of the amended Toho Gas Additional Net Gas Requirement (Package
IV) will be committed for supply and delivery by PERTAMINA and
its production sharing contractors from proved recoverable
reserves of Natural Gas in the Other Contract Areas by separate
amendments, similar to and compatible with that attached hereto
as Schedule A, executed and delivered concurrently therewith.

          Notwithstanding the above, PERTAMINA and Contractors
shall not amend this Supply Agreement to increase the Toho Gas
Additional Net Gas Requirement (Package IV) if, as a result of
such an increase, the proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas
committed to be produced, supplied and delivered by the VICO
Contract Area or by any of the Other Contract Areas would exceed
the proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas for such contract
area, as certified by the 1991 D & M Certificate (as herein
defined).
 
     2.5  The amounts of net Natural Gas constituting the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates
of proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas as certified by the
independent consultant firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton in
written statements dated on or before April 30, 1992, based on
data available on December 31, 1991 (the "1991 D&M Certificate").

          The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof and the
Producers' Percentage were established by PERTAMINA in its letter
dated December 20, 1989 (No. 1852/D0000/89.S1) to be used only on
a provisional basis until such time as DeGolyer and MacNaughton
certified such reserves, following which the identity of the
participating fields and the quantities in each field which
comprise the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the
Producers' Percentage would be adjusted and documented in the
Supplemental Memorandum in accordance with the Memorandum of
Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and Package IV Sales, dated
August 12, 1991, by and among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas.  
 
     2.6  Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 2.5 hereof, PERTAMINA and Contractors shall execute an
addendum to this Supply Agreement confirming the VICO
participating fields, the quantities in each field which comprise
the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the
Producers' Percentage.  Pending completion of such adjustments,
the Producers' Percentage set out in Section 2.2 hereof shall be
used on a provisional basis.   
 
ARTICLE 3
 
     The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as
to secure the optimal ultimate recovery of Natural Gas. The
supply of Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other
Contract Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve
and permit full utilization of such Natural Gas.  The sources of
supply, producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related
matters shall be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas
Reserves Management Committee, consisting of representatives from
PERTAMINA, VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL. 
 
ARTICLE 4
 
     4.1  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and prompt
administration of the LNG Sales Contract for the benefit of
PERTAMINA and Contractors.  All matters which affect the LNG
Sales Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder will be
administered by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and
the representative appointed by Contractors under Article 7
hereof.  It is understood, however, that it will be necessary
from time to time for PERTAMINA, as seller under the LNG Sales
Contract, to take certain administrative and operational actions
without prior consultation where immediate action is required. 
Contractors 
will be promptly advised of any such action.   
 
     4.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the LNG Sales Contract. 
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the LNG Sales Contract or to any permitted action or
election thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in
the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a
change in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto,
a memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as
soon as feasible and signed by each party hereto. 
 
     4.3  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas
to be delivered to Buyer at the Delivery Point. Title to each
Contractor's share of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of
the VICO Contract Gas shall pass to PERTAMINA eo instante with
the passage of title from PERTAMINA to Buyer.   
     4.4  The interests of PERTAMINA and each Contractor in each
cargo of LNG from the Bontang Plant shall be adequately insured
pursuant to arrangements mutually agreed to by PERTAMINA and each
Contractor.  PERTAMINA and each Contractor shall be entitled to
receive its Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of any proceeds paid under a marine insurance policy
covering a cargo of LNG being transported from the Bontang Plant. 
Such proceeds shall be remitted by the insurer directly to the
bank designated as Trustee pursuant to Article 5 hereof.   
 
     4.5  At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG to Buyer
at the Delivery Point, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and quality of
LNG delivered, together with copies of the invoices to Buyer
covering such shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish Contractors
with a copy of each invoice or billing delivered to Buyer on
account of interest or other payment obligations of Buyer under
the LNG Sales Contract concurrently with its being furnished to
Buyer.  Calculation of the Contract Sales Price, the amount of
sales invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any adjustments,
shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior
to presentation to Buyer. 
 
ARTICLE 5
 
     5.1  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of Natural Gas to be
supplied under this Supply Agreement shall be its Production
Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the Package IV
Entitlement of the sum of: 
 
          (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyer to PERTAMINA for
LNG sold and delivered from the Bontang Plant under the LNG Sales
Contract;
  
          (b)  all other amounts which Buyer shall become
obligated to pay pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract with regard
to deliveries of LNG from the Bontang Plant, including, but not
limited to:   
 
               (i)     amounts payable by Buyer for its failure
to take quantities it is obligated to purchase under the LNG 
Sales Contract; and 
 
               (ii)    any interest accruing on overdue invoice
payments;  
 
          (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and 
 
          (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to
in this Section 5.1. 

     5.2  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor
of the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under
Section 5.1 hereof, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor
that Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 5.1 hereof.   
 
     5.3  Throughout the term of this Supply Agreement, all those
payments referred to in Section 5.1 hereof shall be paid in U.S.
Dollars directly to Continental Bank International in New York
City (or such other leading bank in the United States as shall be
selected by PERTAMINA and approved by Contractors) pursuant to
that certain Amended and Restated Bontang Excess Sales Trustee
and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of February 9, 1988, among
PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production sharing contractors in the
Other Contract Areas and the Trustee thereunder, as the same may
be from time to time amended.  Amounts so received by the Trustee
shall be used for payment of (i) an agreed portion of Plant
Operating Costs, (ii) Transportation Costs in respect of LNG sold
and delivered from the Bontang Plant and (iii) other costs
approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors.  Amounts received by the
Trustee, to the extent that they are not used for payment of the
costs referred to in the preceding sentence, shall, insofar as
they are applicable to the VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to
PERTAMINA and each Contractor in accordance with its Production
Sharing Percentage at a bank or banks of its choice.   
 
     5.4  (a)  The right of Contractors to the payments provided
for in this Article 5 shall extend throughout the term of this
Supply Agreement and shall not be affected by the production
rates or sources of Natural Gas supplied from the VICO Contract
Gas or the Other Contract Gas from time to time during the term
hereof. 
 
          (b)  If the quantities of net Natural Gas produced from
the participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and
delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement exceed in the
aggregate the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the Producers'
Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to
PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be increased, and
Contractors, together with PERTAMINA, will be credited with and
have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas from
reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such excess
quantities. 
 
          (c)  If the quantities of net Natural Gas produced from
the participating fields within the VICO Contract Area and
delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement are in the aggregate
less than the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the Producers'
Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be paid to
PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced, and
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and
any new contract area, together with PERTAMINA, will be credited
with and have the right to receive revenue from future marketing
opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas from
reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess quantities
delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area. 
 
ARTICLE 6
 
     All disputes arising in connection with this Supply
Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in
the English language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under
the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce.  Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such
court for a juridical acceptance of the award and an order of
enforcement, as the case may be.   
     This Supply Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United
States of America.
 
ARTICLE 7
 
     VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 hereof and for the giving of notices, responses or
other communications to and from Contractors under this Supply
Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written notice
to such effect from Contractors to PERTAMINA. 
 
ARTICLE 8
 
     Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail, cable, telex or telecopy to the following addresses: 
 
     To PERTAMINA: 
 
     PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA 
     (PERTAMINA) 
     Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A 
     Jakarta, Indonesia  
     Attention:  Head of BPPKA 
 
     Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia 
     Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta 
     Telecopy:  3846932
 
 
     To Contractors: 
 
     VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
     6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza 
     South Tower 
     Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14 
     P.O. Box 2828 
     Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia 
     Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia 
 
     Cable:  VICO 
     Telex:  79644421 
     Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037 
 
     cc:  VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
          One Houston Center 
          1221 McKinney 
          Suite 624 
          P.O. Box 1551 
          Houston, Texas 77251-1551 
          U.S.A. 
          Attention:  Chairman 
 
          Telex:  166-100 
          Telecopy:  (713) 754-6698 
 
 
     A party may change its address by written notice to the
other parties. 
 


ARTICLE 9
 
     9.1  This Supply Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto. 
 
     9.2  This Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of,
and be binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their
respective successors and assigns, provided that this Supply
Agreement shall be assignable by a Contractor only if such
Contractor concurrently assigns to the same assignee an equal
interest in the Production Sharing Contracts. 
 
     9.3  The parties to this Supply Agreement shall be the only
persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder
of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not
parties to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to enforce
any of the obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto. 
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply
Agreement as of the day and year first written above but
effective as of January 1, 1991. 
 
PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK      CONTRACTORS: 
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA) 
                                    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 
 
 
 
By ____________/s/____________      By ___________/s/_________ 
 
 
                                    LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
 
 
 
                                    By _____________/s/_______ 


                                    OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC. 
 
 
 
                                    By ____________/s/________ 
 

 
                                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN 
                                     LIMITED 
 
 
 
                                    By ___________/s/_________ 
 
 
                                    UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC. 
 
 
 
                                    By _____________/s/_______ 
 
 
                                    VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY 
 
 
 
                                    By ____________/s/________ 
<PAGE>
                                SCHEDULE A

                 AMENDMENT RE EXCESS QUANTITIES COMMITMENT
            THIRD SUPPLY AGREEMENT FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
                (TOHO GAS CONTRACT - PACKAGE IV QUANTITIES)


     THIS AMENDMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the ____
day of ________________, 199__, but effective as of the 1st day
of January, 1991, by and between PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN  MINYAK 
DAN  GAS  BUMI  NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED,
OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED,
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY (herein referred to collectively as "Contractors" and
individually as "Contractor"), on the other hand,


                               WITNESSETH :

WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the Third
Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales (Toho Gas Contract -
Package IV Quantities) dated _______________, but effective as of
January 1, 1991 (the "Supply Agreement");


WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 7.4 of the LNG Sales Contract, Buyer
has elected to purchase Excess Quantities which exceed the Toho
Gas Additional Net Gas Requirement (Package IV); and


WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.4 of the Supply Agreement the
parties wish to amend the Supply Agreement to include thereunder
that portion of the Package IV Entitlement to such Excess
Quantities to be supplied from the VICO Contract Area.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to supply
and deliver from proved economically recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in specific fields within the VICO Contract Area
sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction
thereof) to meet a portion of the amended Toho Gas Additional Net
Gas Requirement (Package IV) over the term of this Supply
Agreement consisting of ________ t.s.c.f., or ________% thereof.

2.  To meet the balance of the amended Toho Gas Additional Net
Gas Requirement (Package IV), constituting _________t.s.c.f., or
________% thereof, sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from
the liquefaction thereof) will be committed for supply and
delivery by PERTAMINA and its production sharing contractors from
proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Other Contract
Areas by separate amendments, similar hereto and compatible
herewith, executed and delivered concurrently herewith.

3.  The provisions of the Supply Agreement shall apply in all
respects to the additional commitment hereunder.  Words and
expressions used herein as defined terms shall bear the same
meanings as are ascribed thereto in the Supply Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused their
duly authorized representatives to execute this Amendment as of
the day and year first above written but effective as of January
1, 1991.

PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN  MINYAK  CONTRACTORS:
DAN  GAS  BUMI  NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
                                    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

By_________/s/_____________         By ___________/s/__________

                                    LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED

                                    By __________/s/___________

                                    OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.

                                    By _________/s/____________

                                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                    LIMITED



                                    By ___________/s/__________


                                    UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
                                    INC.



                                    By __________/s/___________


                                    VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
                                    COMPANY



                                    By ____________/s/_________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>32
<DESCRIPTION>ELEVENTH SUPPLY AGMT. FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
<TEXT>









                                 ELEVENTH
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT
                        FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES

                   (1973 CONTRACT BUILD-DOWN QUANTITIES)


                                  between


                                 PERTAMINA


                                    and


                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                                    and
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY




                     Dated: September 22, 1993
                     Effective: January 1, 1990
<PAGE>
                                 ELEVENTH 
                             SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
                        FOR PACKAGE IV EXCESS SALES
                   (1973 CONTRACT BUILD-DOWN QUANTITIES)


                                          

    THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta the
22nd day of September, 1993, but effective as of the 1st day of
January, 1990, by and between PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN  MINYAK 
DAN  GAS  BUMI  NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED,
OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED,
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC., and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY (herein referred to collectively as "Contractors" and
individually as "Contractor"), on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH:

    WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but effective
as of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is
herein referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract
dated April 23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such
contract  as  hereafter  amended is herein referred to as the
"Renewed Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract are herein referred to collectively as the "Production
Sharing Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein
referred to as the "VICO Contract Area"; and

    WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts, each
of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive,
sell and freely export its respective share of the Natural Gas
produced and saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage
share of such Natural Gas to which each of PERTAMINA and
Contractors is entitled, as determined under the Production
Sharing Contracts, is herein referred to as the "Production
Sharing Percentage" of such party); and 

    WHEREAS, the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO Contract
Area exceed the reserves of Natural Gas committed to be produced,
supplied and delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to meet a
portion of PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales
contracts, LPG sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts;
and 

    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors, has
constructed and expanded and is further expanding the Natural Gas
liquefaction and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on
the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as
the "Bontang Plant"); and

    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the
Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of
February 9, 1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing
Agreement"), which provides for the operation of the Bontang
Plant and the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs
as determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are
herein referred to as "Plant Operating Costs"); and

    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use the
Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract
Gas (as defined in Section 3.2 hereof) and the Other Contract Gas
(as defined in Section 3.3 hereof); and

    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors, its
production sharing contractors in other contract areas in East
Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas") and
Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("MOBIL"), has entered into that certain
LNG Sales Contract originally dated as of December 3, 1973, with
Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co.,
Inc., Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation,
Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., and Toho Gas Co., Ltd. (herein referred to
collectively as "Buyers" and individually as "Buyer"); and 

    WHEREAS, by a Memorandum of Agreement effective as of
January 1, 1983 (the "15 Year Memorandum"), PERTAMINA and Buyers
increased the Fixed Quantities under the said LNG Sales Contract;
and 

    WHEREAS, in support of the performance of its obligations
under the said LNG Sales Contract and the 15 Year Memorandum,
PERTAMINA entered into agreements (herein referred to as the
"Original Supply Agreements") with the following production
sharing contractors:  (i) with Contractors, pursuant to an
amended and restated supply agreement effective as of December 3,
1973; (ii) with TOTAL Indonesie ("TOTAL") and Indonesia
Petroleum, Ltd. ("INPEX"), pursuant to a supply agreement
effective as of even date herewith; and (iii) with MOBIL,
pursuant to a supply agreement effective as of December 3, 1973;
and

    WHEREAS, the original annual Fixed Quantities under the said
LNG Sales Contract, as increased by the 15 Year Memorandum, are
referred to herein as the "Original Quantities" and include the
following:  (i) the quantities of LNG sold and delivered pursuant
to the Original Supply Agreements; and (ii) that portion of the
"Korean Carry-Over Quantities" (as that term is defined in a
Tripartite Agreement dated as of January 1, 1988, among
Contractors, TOTAL, INPEX, Unocal Indonesia Ltd. ("UNOCAL") and
MOBIL) for which the 1973 Sales Contract is the "Designated Sales
Contract" (as that term is defined in the Tripartite Agreement),
such Korean Carry-Over Quantities being the subject of separate
supply agreements between PERTAMINA and Contractors, TOTAL,
INPEX, and UNOCAL; and

    WHEREAS, pursuant to a Memorandum of Agreement dated as of
September 7, 1989, PERTAMINA and Buyers agreed to make certain
changes in the allowance and take-or-pay provisions and in the
annual Fixed Quantities under the said LNG Sales Contract, and to
give effect thereto PERTAMINA and Buyers have executed an
amendment and restatement of the said LNG Sales Contract as of
January 1, 1990, said Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales
Contract being further amended pursuant to the Amendment to the
1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as of June 1, 1992 (such contract
as so amended and restated and further amended being herein
referred to as the "1973 Sales Contract", and unless otherwise so
stated, any terms defined in the 1973 Sales Contract shall have
the same meanings when used herein); and

    WHEREAS, as a result of the aforementioned changes to the
1973 Sales Contract occurring in 1990 and 1992, the Original
Quantities have been increased by the following additional
amounts of LNG (expressed in billions of BTU's) for the years
1997-1999 as stated in the second column in the table below (such
quantities being herein referred to as the "Build-Down
Quantities"), and accordingly for those years the total increased
Fixed Quantities under the 1973 Sales Contract comprises Build-
Down Quantities and Original Quantities as stated in the second
and third columns respectively in the table below:

    Year    Build-Down         Original
            Quantities         Quantities
             (BBTU's)           (BBTU's) 


    1997      86,135           336,478

    1998     238,716           183,897

    1999     341,726           80,887


    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA will make arrangements for the
transportation of the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered
under the 1973 Sales Contract and for the payment of costs
respecting such transportation (herein referred to as
"Transportation Costs"); and

    WHEREAS, the 1973 Sales Contract provides that the Natural
Gas to be processed into LNG and sold and delivered by PERTAMINA
is to be produced from the Gas Supply Areas which include both
(i)  the Bontang Gas Supply Area, which consists of the VICO
Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas, and (ii) the Arun Gas
Supply Area; and                          

    WHEREAS, if Pertamina, Contractors, the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas, and MOBIL enter into an
agreement that addresses the conditions under which one plant
would supply any shortfall resulting from the other plant's
inability to make available sufficient quantities of LNG to meet
such plant's supply requirement for any Fixed Quantity Period and
addresses compensation for any loss thereby incurred (the
"Agreement on Transfers"), then quantities of LNG which are not
available from the Arun Plant (as herein defined) to meet the
Arun Supply Requirement (as herein defined) may be supplied and
produced by the Bontang Plant; and

    WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to supply and
deliver Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in support of the
performance by PERTAMINA of an agreed portion of its obligations
to deliver Build-Down Quantities under the 1973 Sales Contract;
and 

    WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as herein
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement, 

    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

                                 ARTICLE 1

    This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of January 1,
1990, and shall terminate on the date the 1973 Sales Contract
terminates.

ARTICLE 2

    2.1  Pursuant to Section 7.1(a) of the 1973 Sales
Contract, PERTAMINA is committed to sell and deliver and Buyers
to purchase, receive and pay for, or pay for if not taken, the
Fixed Quantity established for each Fixed Quantity Period.  The
Fixed Quantities of LNG to be sold, purchased, received and paid
for (or paid for if not taken) under the 1973 Sales Contract as
Build-Down Quantities shall include the following quantities of
LNG to be supplied from the Bontang Gas Supply Area by the
Bontang Plant, as stated in the second column in the table below
(herein referred to as the "Bontang Supply Requirement"):

Year              Bontang           Bontang          Bontang   
                  Build-Down        Original         Build-Down     
                  Quantities        Quantities       Quantities     
                   (BBTU's)          (BBTU's)        Percentage       



1997                86,135            97,262           46.9664 
        

1998               179,087                             17,486   
91.1046

1999               181,958            14,615           92.5651


Accordingly, for those years the portion of Original Quantities
to be supplied from the Bontang Gas Supply Area by the Bontang
Plant is as stated in the third column above, and for the
purposes of applying the further provisions hereof in any year
the percentage shown in the fourth  column above (representing
the percentage which the Bontang Build-Down Quantities bears to
the sum of the Bontang Original Quantities plus the Bontang
Build-Down Quantities) in respect of such year is herein referred
to as the "Bontang Build-Down Quantities Percentage".

The remaining Fixed Quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered
under the 1973 Sales Contract as Build-Down Quantities (herein
referred to as the "Arun Supply Requirement"), will be supplied
from the Arun Gas Supply Area by the liquefaction facilities
located at Lhok Seumawe, Aceh Province, North Sumatra (the "Arun
Plant"), pursuant to a supply agreement, having terms compatible
herewith, between PERTAMINA and MOBIL.  The expressions "Bontang
Supply Requirement" and "Arun Supply Requirement" when used
herein shall include any adjustments thereto made pursuant to
Section 2.2 and/or Section 2.3 hereof.  

    2.2  To the extent possible, all deliveries of Build-Down
Quantities to Buyers shall be scheduled and made over each Fixed
Quantity Period so as to ensure that each Fixed Quantity is
supplied from the Bontang Plant and the Arun Plant in accordance
with the Bontang Supply Requirement and the Arun Supply
Requirement; provided, however, that if the number of BTU's
delivered to Buyer from the Bontang Plant is greater than
("Oversupply") or less than ("Undersupply") the Bontang Supply
Requirement at the end of any Fixed Quantity Period, then any
Oversupply shall be subtracted from, and any Undersupply shall be
added to, the Bontang Supply Requirement in respect of the next
succeeding Fixed Quantity Period.  PERTAMINA shall cause an
appropriate balancing adjustment to be made to the Arun Supply
Requirement.

    2.3  To the extent either the Bontang Plant or the Arun
Plant is unable or is likely to be unable to make available
sufficient quantities of LNG to meet such plant's supply
requirement for any Fixed Quantity Period for any reason other
than the failure or inability of Buyer to take available
quantities of LNG, the applicable provisions of the Agreement on
Transfers shall apply.

    2.4  As to each Fixed Quantity Period, if the quantities
of LNG available from the Bontang Plant are sufficient to supply
the Bontang Supply Requirement for such Fixed Quantity Period and
the quantities of LNG available from the Arun Plant are
sufficient to supply the Arun Supply Requirement for such Fixed
Quantity Period, but the total quantities of LNG delivered by
PERTAMINA under the 1973 Sales Contract are less than the total
Fixed Quantity provided to be delivered during such Fixed
Quantity Period under the 1973 Sales Contract, the total
quantities of LNG required to be produced and sold by the Bontang
Plant and delivered to Buyer during such Fixed Quantity Period
shall be reduced in the proportion that the Bontang Supply
Requirement for such Fixed Quantity Period bears to the total
Fixed Quantity for the corresponding Fixed Quantity Period.

    2.5  Any Make-Up LNG relating to Build-Down Quantities to
be delivered under Section 7.5 of the 1973 Sales Contract shall
be allocated between the Bontang Plant and the Arun Plant in
proportion to each plant's supply requirement for the Fixed
Quantity Period or Periods in which the Quantity Deficiency
occurred.  Restoration Quantities relating to Build-Down
Quantities to be delivered under Section 7.6 of the 1973 Sales
Contract shall be allocated between the Bontang Plant and the
Arun Plant in proportion to each plant's supply requirement for
the Fixed Quantity Period or Periods in which the Force Majeure
event occurred; provided, however, that Restoration Quantities
resulting from an event of Force Majeure affecting Seller shall
be allocated to a plant only to the extent that quantities which
would otherwise have been supplied from such plant were reduced
as a result of such event of Force Majeure.

ARTICLE 3

    3.1  The total quantity of net Natural Gas required to be
supplied and delivered out of proved recoverable reserves of
Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for liquefaction and sale as
Build-Down Quantities is estimated to be 0.4762 trillion standard
cubic feet ("t.s.c.f.").  Such quantity is herein referred to as
the "Build-Down Quantities Net Gas Requirement".  The Build-Down
Quantities Net Gas Requirement is based on the Bontang Supply
Requirement.

    3.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from proved economically recoverable reserves
of Natural Gas in specific fields within the VICO Contract Area
sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction
thereof) to meet a portion of the Build-Down Quantities Net Gas
Requirement  over the term of this Supply Agreement consisting of
0.1191 t.s.c.f., or 25.0000% thereof, subject to adjustment as
provided in Section 3.4 hereof.  Such quantities of net Natural
Gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply Agreement
are herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and the
above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the "Producers'
Percentage".  The specific fields from which the VICO Contract
Gas will be committed, as well as the quantities committed from
each field, will be identified in a supplemental memorandum to be
entered into among PERTAMINA,  Contractors and the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas (the
"Supplemental Memorandum").  The quantities committed from each
field are subject to revision from time to time, as the reserves
from the fields may be updated and as additional data, from
deliverability studies and otherwise, become available. 

    3.3  To meet the balance of the Build-Down Quantities Net
Gas Requirement, constituting 0.3571 t.s.c.f., or 75.0000%
thereof, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.4 hereof,
sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction
thereof) will be committed for supply and delivery by PERTAMINA
and its production sharing contractors from proved recoverable
reserves of Natural Gas in the Other Contract Areas by separate
supply agreements, similar hereto and compatible herewith,
executed and delivered concurrently herewith (such amounts are
herein collectively referred to as the "Other Contract Gas"). 
The specific fields from which the Other Contract Gas will be
committed, as well as the quantities committed from each field,
will be identified in the Supplemental Memorandum.

    3.4  The amounts of net Natural Gas constituting the VICO
Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas are part of the estimates
of proved recoverable reserves of Natural Gas as  certified by
the independent consultant firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton in
written statements dated on or before April 30, 1992, based on
data available on December 31, 1991.

            The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas set forth in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 hereof and
the Producers' Percentage were established by PERTAMINA in its
letter dated December 20, 1989 (No. 1852/D0000/89.S1) to be used
only on a provisional basis until such time as DeGolyer and
MacNaughton certified such reserves, following which the identity
of the participating fields and the quantities in each field
which comprise the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas
and the Producers' Percentage would be adjusted and documented in
the Supplemental Memorandum in accordance with the Memorandum of
Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and Package IV Sales, dated
August 12, 1991, by and among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas. 

    3.5  Upon completion of the adjustments provided for in
Section 3.4 hereof, PERTAMINA and Contractors shall execute an
addendum to this Supply Agreement confirming the VICO
participating fields, the quantities in each field which comprise
the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas and the
Producers' Percentage.  Pending completion of such adjustments,
the Producers' Percentage set out in Section 3.2 hereof shall be
used on a provisional basis.  

ARTICLE 4

    The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as
to secure the optimal ultimate recovery of Natural Gas. The
supply of Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other
Contract Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve
and permit full utilization of such Natural Gas.  The sources of
supply, producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related
matters shall be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas
Reserves Management Committee, consisting of representatives from
PERTAMINA, VICO, TOTAL and UNOCAL.

ARTICLE 5

    5.1  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and
prompt administration of the 1973 Sales Contract for the benefit
of PERTAMINA and Contractors.  All matters which affect the 1973
Sales Contract or the sale and delivery of LNG thereunder will be
administered by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and
the representative appointed by Contractors under Article 8
hereof.  It is understood, however, that it will be necessary
from time to time for PERTAMINA, as seller under the 1973 Sales
Contract, to take certain administrative and operational actions
without prior consultation where immediate action is required. 
Contractors will be promptly advised of any such action.  

    5.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the 1973 Sales Contract.
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the 1973 Sales Contract or to any permitted action
or election thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in
the quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a
change in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto,
a memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as
soon as feasible and signed by each party hereto.
 
    5.3  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas
to be delivered to Buyer at the Delivery Point. Title to each
Contractor's share of the LNG extracted from the VICO Contract
Gas shall pass to PERTAMINA eo instante with the passage of title
from PERTAMINA to Buyer.  

    5.4  The interests of PERTAMINA and each Contractor in
each cargo of LNG transported by PERTAMINA from the Bontang Plant
shall be adequately insured pursuant to arrangements mutually
agreed to by PERTAMINA and each Contractor.  PERTAMINA and each
Contractor shall be entitled to receive its Production Sharing
Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of any proceeds paid
under a marine insurance policy covering a cargo of LNG being
transported from the Bontang Plant.  Such proceeds shall be
remitted by the insurer directly to the bank designated as
Trustee pursuant to Article 6 hereof.

    5.5  At the time of delivery of each cargo of LNG to
Buyer at the Delivery Point, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors
with appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity and
quality of LNG delivered, together with copies of the invoices to
Buyer covering such shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish
Contractors with a copy of each invoice or billing delivered to
Buyer on account of interest or other payment obligation of Buyer
under the 1973 Sales Contract concurrently with its being
furnished to Buyer.  Calculation of the Contract Sales Price, the
amount of sales invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any
adjustments, shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and
Contractors prior to presentation to Buyer.

ARTICLE 6

    6.1  For the Fixed Quantity Periods 1997-1999 a portion
of each obligation ("Contract Obligation") due from a Buyer
pursuant to the 1973 Sales Contract in respect of quantities of
LNG sold and delivered from the Bontang Plant or in respect of
quantities of LNG required to be taken from the Bontang Plant but
which are not taken shall be deemed to constitute an amount
payable in respect of Build-Down Quantities (each such portion is
herein referred to as a "Build-Down Quantities Payment").  The
Build-Down Quantities Payment shall be calculated as the quantity
of LNG (expressed in millions of BTU's) upon which the relevant
invoice is based (herein called the "Invoice Quantity")
multiplied by the Bontang Build-Down Quantities Percentage
multiplied by the Contract Sales Price in effect as of the date
the relevant Contract Obligation accrued.  

    6.2  PERTAMINA, Contractors, and the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas shall execute a
memorandum of agreement further describing the method by which
the Build-Down Quantities Payment is to be determined and paid.

    6.3  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its
share of the LNG resulting from the liquefaction of Natural Gas
to be supplied under this Supply Agreement shall be its
Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the
sum of:

    (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyers to PERTAMINA for
Build-Down Quantities sold and delivered from the Bontang Plant
under the 1973 Sales Contract; 

    (b)  all other amounts which a Buyer shall become
obligated to pay pursuant to the 1973 Sales Contract with regard
to deliveries of Build-Down Quantities from the Bontang Plant or
otherwise relating to the Bontang Supply Requirement, including,
but not limited to:  
         (i)        amounts payable by such Buyer for its
    failure to take quantities it is obligated to purchase under
    the 1973 Sales Contract; 

         (ii)  any incremental payments applicable to make-up
    deliveries; and

         (iii) any interest accruing on overdue invoice
payments; 

    (c)   amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and

    (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
this Section 6.3.

    6.4  In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor
of the payments to which such Contractor is entitled under
Section 6.3 hereof, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor
that Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 6.3 hereof.

    6.5  Throughout the term of this Supply Agreement, all
those payments referred to in Section 6.3 hereof shall be paid in
U.S. Dollars, directly to Continental Bank International in New
York City (or such other leading bank in the United States as
shall be selected by PERTAMINA and approved by Contractors)
pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Bontang Excess
Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of February 9,
1988, among PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production sharing
contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee
thereunder, as the same may be from time to time amended. 
Amounts so received by the Trustee shall be used for payment of
(i) an agreed portion of Plant Operating Costs, (ii)
Transportation Costs in respect of LNG sold and delivered from
the Bontang Plant, and (iii) other costs approved by PERTAMINA
and Contractors.  Amounts received by the Trustee, to the extent
that they are not used for payment of the  costs referred to in
the preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable to
the VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to PERTAMINA and each
Contractor in accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage
at a bank or banks of its choice.  

    6.6      (a)   The right of Contractors to the payments
provided for in this Article 6 shall extend throughout the term
of this Supply Agreement and shall not be affected by the
production rates or sources of Natural Gas supplied from the VICO
Contract Gas or the Other Contract Gas from time to time during
the term hereof.

         (b) If the quantities of net Natural Gas
produced from the participating fields within the VICO Contract
Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement exceed in
the aggregate the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the
Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be
paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be
increased, and Contractors, together with PERTAMINA, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural
Gas from reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such
excess quantities.

         (c) If the quantities of net Natural Gas
produced from the participating fields within the VICO Contract
Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement are in the
aggregate less than the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas, the
Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be
paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced,
and the production sharing contractors in the Other Contract
Areas and any new contract area, together with PERTAMINA, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural
Gas from reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess
quantities delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area.

ARTICLE 7

    All disputes arising in connection with this Supply
Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration conducted in
the English language in Paris, France, by three arbitrators under
the Rules  of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
Commerce.  Judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such
court for a juridical acceptance of the award and an order of
enforcement, as the case may be.  
    This Supply Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United
States of America.  

ARTICLE 8

    VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 5.1 hereof and for the giving of notices, responses or
other communications to and from Contractors under this Supply
Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written notice
to such effect from Contractors to PERTAMINA.

ARTICLE 9

    Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail, cable, telex or telecopy to the following addresses:

    To PERTAMINA:

    PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
    (PERTAMINA)
    Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
    Jakarta, Indonesia 
    Attention:  Head of BPPKA

    Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
    Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
    Telecopy:  3846932


    To Contractors:

    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
    6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
    South Tower
    Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
    P.O. Box 2828
    Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
    Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia

    Cable:  VICO
    Telex:  79644421
    Telecopy:  5200174 or 3800037

         cc:     VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
            One Houston Center
            1221 McKinney
            Suite 624
            P.O. Box 1551
            Houston, Texas 77251-1551
            U.S.A.
            Attention:  Chairman
 
            Telex:  166-100
            Telecopy:  (713) 754-6698


A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.

                                ARTICLE 10

    10.1 This Supply Agreement shall not be amended or modified
except by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

    10.2 This Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of,
and be binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their
respective successors and assigns, provided that this Supply
Agreement shall be assignable by a Contractor only if such
Contractor concurrently assigns to the same assignee an equal
interest in the Production Sharing Contracts.

    10.3 The parties to this Supply Agreement shall be the only
persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations hereunder
of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities not
parties to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to enforce
any of the obligations hereunder of any of the parties hereto.

    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply
Agreement as of the day and year first written above, but
effective as of January 1, 1990.



PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK    CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



BY _________/s/_______________    BY __________/s/__________


    LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED



    BY ___________/s/_________


    OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.



    BY ____________/s/________


    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
     LIMITED



    BY ___________/s/_________


    UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.



    BY ___________/s/_________


    VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY



    BY ____________/s/________                     
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>33
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLY AGMT.
<TEXT>






                   AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLY AGREEMENT

                  (IN SUPPORT OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED

                         1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT)



                                  between



                                 PERTAMINA



                                    and



                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                                    and
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY





                    Dated:  September 22, 1993
                    Effective: December 3, 1973

<PAGE>
                                                                       
        
                   AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLY AGREEMENT

                  (IN SUPPORT OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED

                         1973 LNG SALES CONTRACT)





     THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this
"Agreement") is made and entered into the 22nd day of September,
1993, but effective as of the 3rd day of December, 1973, by and
between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED, OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC., UNION
TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.,
and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein collectively
"Contractors" and individually "Contractor"), on the other hand. 
The parties hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

     1.1  This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety a
Supply Agreement dated as of December 3, 1973, by and between
PERTAMINA, on the one hand, and Contractors (or their
predecessors in interest), on the other, as such Supply Agreement
has heretofore been amended (the "VICO Supply Agreement").

     1.2  Contractors individually own or control all of the
interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990, but effective
as of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended is
herein referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract 
dated April 23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such
contract as hereafter amended is herein referred to as the
"Renewed Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract are herein referred to collectively as the "Production 
Sharing Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein
referred to as the "VICO Contract Area".  Pursuant to the
Production Sharing Contracts, each of PERTAMINA and Contractors
is entitled to take and receive, sell and freely export its
respective share of the Natural Gas produced and saved from the
VICO Contract Area (the percentage share of such Natural Gas to
which each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled, as
determined under the Production Sharing Contracts, is herein
referred to as the "Production Sharing Percentage" of such
party).

     1.3  PERTAMINA and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc.,
Nippon Steel Corporation, Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., and Toho Gas Co.,
Ltd. ("Buyers") are parties to an LNG Sales Contract dated as of
December 3, 1973, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of
August 31, 1976, and amended and restated as of January 1, 1990,
providing for the sale and delivery of LNG by PERTAMINA, as
seller, to Buyers.  Such amended and restated contract, as
further amended pursuant to the Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract dated as of June 1, 1992, and as hereafter amended, is
herein referred to as the "LNG Sales Contract".  Each term used
herein which is defined in the LNG Sales Contract shall have the
meaning assigned therein.
 
     1.4  A portion of the quantities of LNG to be sold,
purchased, received and paid for (or paid for if not taken) under
the LNG Sales Contract, as more particularly described in Article
III hereof, is herein called "Badak LNG".  Badak LNG is LNG
resulting from Natural Gas produced from the Badak Field and
processed in the LNG plant located at Bontang Bay, East
Kalimantan, Indonesia (the "Bontang Plant").  The remaining
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered under the LNG Sales
Contract are (a) LNG resulting from Natural Gas processed in the
Arun Plant located in North Sumatra, Indonesia ("Arun LNG"), to
the extent provided in a Supply Agreement dated December 3, 1973,
between PERTAMINA and Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("MOBIL"), as
amended (the "MOBIL Supply  Agreement"), (b) that portion of the
"Korean Carry-Over Quantities" (as that term is defined in a
Tripartite Agreement dated as of January 1, 1988, among the
parties hereto, the TOTAL Group (as hereinafter defined), Unocal
Indonesia, Ltd. ("UNOCAL") and MOBIL) for which the LNG Sales
Contract is the "Designated LNG Sales Contract" (as that term is
defined in the Tripartite Agreement), and (c) the additional
quantities of LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract
during the Fixed Quantity Periods 1997, 1998 and 1999 resulting
from the Memorandum of Agreement on Revisions to the 1973 LNG
Sales Contract, between PERTAMINA and Buyers, dated as of
September 7, 1989 and the Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales
Contract between PERTAMINA and certain of the Buyers dated as of
June 1, 1992 ("Build-down  Quantities").  The Korean Carry-Over
Quantities (which are derived from Natural Gas processed in the
Bontang Plant) and the Build-down Quantities (which will be
derived from Natural Gas processed in the Bontang Plant and the
Arun Plant) are or will  each be the subject of separate supply
agreements between PERTAMINA and Contractors, MOBIL, the TOTAL
Group and UNOCAL; and the terms "Badak LNG" and "Arun LNG", as
used herein, do not include either the Korean Carry-Over
Quantities or the Build-down Quantities.

     1.5  PERTAMINA, Contractors, the TOTAL Group and UNOCAL are
parties to the Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement
dated as of February 9, 1988 (as amended from time to time, the
"Processing Agreement"), which provides for the operation of the
Bontang Plant for the liquefaction of Natural Gas produced in
East Kalimantan, including Badak LNG, and the payment of the
costs of such operation.  Such costs, as determined in accordance
with the Processing Agreement, are herein referred to as "Plant
Operating Costs".

     1.6  PERTAMINA has heretofore entered into certain loan
agreements in connection with financing the cost of construction
of the first two liquefaction trains at the Bontang Plant.  The
funds required to service such loans are herein referred to as
"Financing Costs".

     1.7  PERTAMINA has also entered into a Transportation
Agreement dated as of September 23, 1973, as amended, with Burmah
Gas Transport Limited, as successor in interest to Burmast East
Shipping Contractors (the "Transportation Agreement"), providing
for the transportation of LNG in LNG Tankers from Indonesia to 
Japan.  The costs of such transportation are herein referred to
as "Transportation Costs".


     1.8  Prior to the date hereof, all Natural Gas comprising
Badak LNG has been supplied pursuant to the VICO Supply
Agreement.  Such Natural Gas has been produced or deemed produced
from the Badak Field.  Pursuant to the Badak Gas Unit Joint
Operating Agreement dated June 25, 1977, but effective as of
January 1, 1976 (the "Badak Unit Agreement"), 97.9% of the
Natural Gas produced from the Badak Field is deemed to be
produced from the VICO Contract Area and 2.10% of such Natural
Gas is deemed to be produced from the contract area (the "Mahakam 
Contract Area") covered by a production sharing contract dated
October 6, 1966, as amended, restated and extended, between P.N.
Pertambangan Minjak Nasional and Japan Petroleum Exploration
Company, Ltd., whose successors in interest thereunder are herein
referred to as the "TOTAL Group".  Contractors have accounted to
the TOTAL Group for the net sales proceeds of such Natural Gas
heretofore supplied pursuant to the VICO Supply Agreement in
accordance with the terms of the Badak Unit Agreement.

     1.9  It has been determined to be in the interest of all
parties to arrange for PERTAMINA and the TOTAL Group to have a
separate agreement (the "TOTAL Supply Agreement"), having terms
compatible herewith and with the MOBIL Supply Agreement, for the
supply of Natural Gas from the Badak Field deemed produced from
the Mahakam Contract Area in support of PERTAMINA's obligations
under the LNG Sales Contract.  PERTAMINA and Contractors are 
entering into this Agreement to take account of such an
arrangement.  Each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (hereafter
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

ARTICLE II

     2.1   This Agreement shall be effective as of December 3,
1973, and shall terminate on the date that:
     (a)  the LNG Sales Contract terminates, or   
     (b)  the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO Contract Area
in support of Badak LNG which can economically be produced have
been fully depleted, or
     (c)  both Production Sharing Contracts terminate,
whichever of (a), (b) or (c) first occurs.

ARTICLE III

     3.1  The quantities of Badak LNG scheduled for delivery
under the LNG Sales Contract and the annual or shorter periods
("Quantity Periods") during which such scheduled quantities will
be sold, purchased, received and paid for (or paid for if not
taken) are as follows:

     Year         Period                  Quantities
                                          (at Receiving
                                            Facilities)
                                     (Billions of BTU's)    

    1977          Mar. 1 to June 30          20,093
                  
                  July 1 to Dec. 31          66,042

    1978          Jan. 1 to July 31          83,280
    
                  Aug. 1 to Dec. 31          66,042
    
    1979          Jan. 1 to Aug. 31         100,518
    
                  Sept. 1 to Dec. 31         57,742

    1980-1982     Each Full Year            166,065

    1983          Jan. 1 to Dec. 31         195,121

    1984-1986     Each Full Year            190,733

    1987-1996     Each Full Year            181,958

    1997          Jan. 1 to Feb. 28          28,425

                  Mar. 1 to June 30          35,846

                  July 1 to Dec. 31          20,293

    1998          Jan. 1 to Mar. 15           2,871




    3.2   The total quantities of LNG to be sold, purchased,
received and paid for (or paid for if not taken) under the LNG
Sales Contract consist of the quantities of Badak LNG provided
for in Section 3.1 hereof, the Arun LNG, the portion of the
Korean Carry-Over Quantities for which the LNG Sales Contract is
the Designated LNG Sales Contract, and the Build-down Quantities.
As to each Quantity Period, if
    (a)   quantities of Arun LNG available are less than the
quantities of Arun LNG required to be sold and delivered under
the LNG Sales Contract during such Quantity Period, and
    (b)   at the time of such deficiency quantities of LNG
derived from Natural Gas produced from the Badak Field in excess
of Badak LNG required under Section 3.1 hereof during such
Quantity Period are available on an economic basis without
expansion of the Bontang Plant and are not at the time committed
for sale to another market,

then such excess quantities of LNG shall be sold, purchased,
received and paid for (or paid for if not taken) under the LNG
Sales Contract, provided, however, that any such sale and
purchase of excess quantities of LNG shall not reduce the
quantities of Badak LNG to be sold, purchased, received and paid
for (or paid for if not taken) during any subsequent Quantity
Period or any make-up entitlement of the Bontang Plant under
Section 3.5, Section 3.6 or Section 3.7 hereof.

     3.3  As to each Quantity Period, if quantities of Badak LNG
available are less than the quantities required to be sold and
delivered under this Agreement during such Quantity Period, the
quantities of Badak LNG specified for such Quantity Period in
Section 3.1 hereof shall be deemed reduced if and to the extent
PERTAMINA advises the Contractors that the deficiency can be made
up by additional deliveries of Arun LNG during such Quantity
Period, and such Arun LNG is in fact purchased and received by
Buyers during such Quantity Period or paid for if not taken.

     3.4  As to each Quantity Period, if the quantities of Badak
LNG available are sufficient to supply the quantities required
under Section 3.1 hereof applicable to such Quantity Period and
the quantities of Arun LNG are sufficient to supply the remainder
of the Fixed Quantities required under Section 7.1(a) of the LNG
Sales Contract applicable to such Quantity Period, but the total
quantities of LNG delivered by PERTAMINA under the LNG Sales
Contract are less than the total Fixed Quantities provided to be
delivered during such Quantity Period under the LNG Sales
Contract, the total quantities of Badak LNG to be delivered to
Buyers during such Quantity Period shall be reduced in the
proportion that the total quantities of Badak LNG specified in
Section 3.1 hereof for such Quantity Period bear to the
quantities of LNG specified in Section 7.1(a) of the LNG Sales
Contract for the corresponding Fixed Quantity Period.

     3.5  As to each Quantity Period, if the total quantities of
Badak LNG delivered are less than those provided in Section 3.1
hereof to be delivered during such Quantity Period because of a
failure or inability of the Bontang Plant to make such quantities
available, then, subject to Section 3.3 hereof, any part of such
quantities which Seller is entitled to make up under the LNG
Sales Contract and any quantities which in fact are made up,
whether or not such make-up is provided for in the LNG Sales
Contract, shall be made up with Badak LNG.

     3.6  Make-up LNG and Restoration Quantities (herein
"make-up") to be delivered under Sections 7.5 and 7.6, 
respectively, of the LNG Sales Contract shall be allocated
between the Bontang Plant and the Arun Plant in the proportion
which the quantity deficiency of each subject to make-up under
said Section 7.5 or Section 7.6, as the case may be, at the time
of scheduling the make-up delivery bears to the total quantity
deficiency under said Section 7.5 or Section 7.6, as appropriate,
at such time.  Make-up priority as between said Section 7.5 and
Section 7.6 shall be as provided in the LNG Sales Contract.

     3.7  Subject to prior agreement in respect of handling
prepayments as provided below, as to each of the Bontang Plant
and the Arun Plant, if make-up deliveries allocated to such plant
are required and sufficient LNG is not available from such plant
to satisfy the make-up delivery required, the required make-up
deliveries may be made from such other plant if the required
additional quantities of LNG are available from such other plant
on an economic basis without expansion of such other plant and
are not at the time committed to another market.  As to make-up
quantities allocated to either the Bontang Plant or the Arun
Plant but which under this Section 3.7 are delivered from the
other plant, if the make-up LNG delivered has theretofore been
paid for in whole or in part by one or more Buyers, PERTAMINA and
Contractors will make arrangements satisfactory to each for the
payment or receipt, as appropriate, of amounts theretofore paid
by Buyers applicable to the portion of such quantities of LNG
deemed produced from the VICO Contract Area applicable to such
make-up deliveries.

     3.8  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby commit and agree to
supply and deliver from proved economically recoverable reserves
of Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof)
comprising 100% of the Badak LNG sold and delivered from and
after the effective date hereof up to the date hereof and 97.9%
of the Badak LNG sold and delivered from and after the date
hereof (the quantities of Natural Gas committed to be supplied
pursuant to this Agreement are herein referred to as the "VICO
Contract Gas", and each of the above-stated percentages, during
the time in which it is in effect, is herein referred to as the
"Producers' Percentage").  The balance, being Natural Gas (and
LNG resulting from the liquefaction thereof) required for 2.10%
of the Badak LNG sold and delivered from and after the date
hereof is committed for supply and delivery by PERTAMINA and the
TOTAL Group under the TOTAL Supply Agreement (such quantities are
herein referred to as the "Mahakam Contract  Gas").

     3.9  Contractors intend that the provisions of this
Agreement be consistent with PERTAMINA's obligations as Seller
under the LNG Sales Contract to sell and deliver LNG. 
Accordingly, in the event of conflict between the provisions of
this Agreement that provide for the sale and delivery of Badak
LNG and the provisions of the LNG Sales Contract that provide for
the sale and delivery of LNG, the provisions of the LNG Sales
Contract shall prevail.

 ARTICLE IV

     4.1  PERTAMINA will cause the Badak LNG to be transferred
from the Loading Port at the Bontang Plant to the designated
Receiving Facility at an Unloading Port.  For this purpose
PERTAMINA has executed the Transportation Agreement.

     4.2  In the event additional or replacement LNG Tankers are
needed for purposes of this transportation because of
unavailability of tankers or loss of an LNG Tanker already in
service, PERTAMINA will arrange for such additional or
replacement LNG Tankers on terms and conditions satisfactory to
PERTAMINA and Contractors.

     4.3  PERTAMINA shall cause all proceeds from cargo insurance
policies covering Badak LNG to be paid directly by the insurer to
the Trustee and Paying Agent pursuant to the Trustee and Paying
Agent Agreement referred to in Section 7.3 hereof, and each
insurance policy shall so provide.  Such insurance proceeds shall
be distributable by the said Trustee and Paying Agent in the same
way as other amounts received pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof.

ARTICLE V

     5.1  Title to each Contractor's share of Badak LNG produced
from the VICO Contract Gas will pass to PERTAMINA eo instante
with the passage of title from PERTAMINA to Buyer at the
Receiving Facility of the Buyer to whom delivery is made.
 
     5.2  At the time of unloading each shipment of LNG at the
Unloading Port, PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with
appropriate documentation to evidence the quantity thereof,
together with copies of the invoices to the Buyers covering such
shipment.  PERTAMINA will also furnish to Contractors a copy of
each invoice or other billing delivered to the Buyers on account
of take-or-pay, interest or other payment obligations of the
Buyers arising under the LNG Sales Contract, concurrently with
their being furnished to the Buyers.  Calculation of the Contract
Sales Price and currency adjustments under the LNG Sales
Contract, and the amount of sales invoices and other billings to
the Buyers, and any adjustments, shall be reviewed and approved
by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior to presentation to the Buyers.

ARTICLE VI

     6.1  As to matters which affect the sale and delivery of
Badak LNG, the LNG Sales Contract and the Transportation
Agreement will be administered by a representative to be
appointed by PERTAMINA and the representative appointed by
Contractors under ARTICLE IX hereof.  It is understood, however,
that it will be necessary from time to time for PERTAMINA, as
seller under the LNG Sales Contract, to take certain
administrative and operational actions without such consultation
where immediate action is required.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of such action.

     6.2  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to consult with each
other freely on all matters relating to the LNG Sales Contract. 
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the LNG Sales Contract or to any permitted action or
election under the LNG Sales Contract which constitutes a
material adjustment in the quantities of LNG to be sold and
delivered thereunder or change in the terms thereof.  At the
request of any party hereto, a memorandum evidencing such
agreement shall be prepared as soon as feasible and signed by
each party hereto.

ARTICLE VII

     7.1  The amounts to be paid to each Contractor for its share
of the Badak LNG to be delivered shall be its Production Sharing
Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of the sum of:

          (a)  an amount equal to the Contract Sales Price per
Million BTU's in effect at the time of delivery of such cargo
provided in the LNG Sales Contract to be paid by Buyer to Seller
for LNG sold and delivered under the LNG Sales Contract, and in
addition

          (b)  all other amounts which each Buyer shall become
obligated to pay to Seller pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract,
which under this Agreement are applicable to Badak LNG, including
               (i)  amounts payable by each Buyer on account of
Fixed Quantities required to be taken but which are not taken by
such Buyer,
               (ii) any incremental payments applicable to
make-up deliveries from the Bontang Plant, and

               (iii)any interest accruing on overdue invoice
payments;

provided, however, that payments which each Buyer shall become
obligated to pay Seller pursuant to the provisions of Article 4
(other than Section 4.5(b)) of the LNG Sales Contract shall not
be considered to be applicable to Badak LNG under this Agreement.

     7.2  Amounts payable to Contractors on account of LNG
supplied from the Bontang Plant, or on account of take-or-pay
payments or interest payable by the Buyers, or otherwise, shall
become due and payable on the due date of the Buyers' related
payment obligation pursuant to the LNG Sales Contract.  In order
to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of the payments to
which such Contractor is entitled under Section 7.1 hereof,
PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor its respective
Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers' Percentage of all
amounts payable by each Buyer under the LNG Sales Contract which
under this Agreement are applicable to Badak LNG.

     7.3  Throughout the term of this Agreement, all payments due
from the Buyers under the LNG Sales Contract which under this
Agreement are applicable to Badak LNG shall be remitted by or on 
behalf of the Buyers to a special trustee account maintained in
the United States at a leading bank located in the United States
selected by PERTAMINA and Contractors.  Such Bank will serve as
Trustee and Paying Agent, pursuant to a mutually agreeable
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, the parties to which shall
include PERTAMINA, Contractors, the TOTAL Group, other parties
entitled to share in the proceeds resulting from the sale of the
Korean Carry-Over Quantities (to the extent the LNG Sales
Contract is the Designated LNG Sales Contract for such
quantities) and the Bontang portion of the Build-down Quantities,
and such Bank.  The Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement will
provide, among other things, for disbursement by the Bank of (a)
Financing Costs, (b) Plant Operating Costs, (c) Transportation
Costs, (d) the trustee's fees and expenses and (e) other costs
approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors.  The net balance (i.e.,
the net realized price), insofar as it relates to the VICO
Contract Gas, shall be paid to the parties in accordance with
their Production Sharing Percentages.

     7.4  PERTAMINA will cause each Buyer to perform its
obligations under Section 10.4 of the LNG Sales Contract in such
manner as will meet the requirements of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII

     All disputes arising in connection with this Agreement shall
be finally settled by arbitration conducted in Paris, France, by
three arbitrators under the Rules of Arbitration of  the
International Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment upon the award
rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction, or
application may be made to such court for a juridical acceptance
of the award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.  

     This Agreement shall be governed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States
of America.

ARTICLE IX

     VICO is designated representative of Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 6.1 hereof and for the giving and receipt of notices,
responses or other communications to and from Contractors under
this Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written
notice to such effect from the Contractors to PERTAMINA.

ARTICLE X

     10.1 This Agreement shall not be amended or modified except
by written agreement signed by the parties hereto.

     10.2 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be
binding upon, PERTAMINA and each Contractor, their respective
successors and assigns, provided that this Agreement shall be
assignable by a Contractor only if such Contractor concurrently
assigns to the same assignee an equal interest in the Production
Sharing Contracts.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement
as of the day and year first written above, but effective as of
December 3, 1973.


PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK     CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
                                   VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



By _________/s/___________              By ________/s/__________


                                   LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED



                                   By _________/s/_________


                                   OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.


                        
                                   By __________/s/________


                                   UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
                                   LIMITED



                                   By __________/s/________


                                   UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
                                   INC.


                        
                                   By __________/s/________


                                   VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
                                   COMPANY


                                   By __________/s/________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>34
<DESCRIPTION>COMPANIES OWNED BY UNIMAR COMPANY
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT (21)-1-

                     COMPANIES OWNED BY UNIMAR COMPANY


     The following is a list of companies owned, directly and
indirectly, by Unimar Company, together with their respective
jurisdictions of incorporation.  In each case, all of the
outstanding voting securities of each company listed are owned by
the company indicated by indentation as its parent, except as
otherwise noted.


                                                 State of
                                               Incorporation

Unimar Company (a General Partnership under The
 Texas Uniform Partnership Act)
  Unimar Financing Corporation. . . . . . . . . . .  Delaware
  ENSTAR Corporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Delaware
    Alaska Interstate International Finance N.V. . . Netherlands
                                                     Antilles
      Alaska Interstate International Finance B.V. . The              
                                                     Netherlands
        AKI International Finance N.V. . . . . . . . Netherlands
                                                     Antilles
    VICO 7.5, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware
      Virginia Indonesia Company . . . . . . . . . . Delaware
        Virginia Services, Ltd.. . . . . . . . . . . Delaware
        Purchasing Services, Inc.. . . . . . . . . . Delaware
    ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware
      Virginia International Company . . . . . . . . Delaware
        VICO Trading, Inc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Delaware
    ENSTAR Petroleum Ltd.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Canada

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>35
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
<TEXT>

                             EXHIBIT (23)-1-
                                    
                                    
                     CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
                                    


     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement (Post-effective amendment No. 2 on Form S-
3 to Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)) of Unimar Company and in the
related Prospectus of our report dated February 28, 1994, with
respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of
Unimar Company and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report
(Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 1993.







Houston, Texas
March 24, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>36
<DESCRIPTION>THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED IMPLEMENTATION PROC.
<TEXT>












                        THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED

                       IMPLEMENTATION PROCEDURES FOR

                            CRUDE OIL LIFTINGS












<PAGE>
                        THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                       IMPLEMENTATION PROCEDURES FOR
                            CRUDE OIL LIFTINGS
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

               ARTICLE                                 PAGE
I.   DEFINITIONS                                        2
II.  EFFECTIVE DATE                                     8
III. GENERAL PROVISIONS                                 8
IV.  ANNUAL NOMINATION                                 10
V.   NOTIFICATION OF ESTIMATED ENTITLEMENT             12
VI.  VESSEL NOMINATION AND SCHEDULING                  14
VII. LAYTIME AND DEMURRAGE                             22
VIII.                                  EMERGENCY DISPOSAL     23
IX.  YEAR END SETTLEMENTS                              25
X.   TAX RULING AND INTERIM PROCEDURES                 30
XI.  CONFLICTS AND ORDER OF PRECEDENCE                 30
XII. NOTICES                                           31
XIII.SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS                            33
XIV. GOVERNING LAW                                     33
XV.  CAPTIONS                                          33
XVI. ENTIRE AGREEMENT                                  33
XVII.AMENDMENTS                                        34
XVIII.WAIVER                                           34


<PAGE>
                        THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                       IMPLEMENTATION PROCEDURES FOR
                            CRUDE OIL LIFTINGS



     THESE THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED IMPLEMENTATION PROCEDURES
are entered into by and among VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, LASMO
SANGA SANGA LIMITED, OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.,  UNION TEXAS EAST
KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC. AND VIRGINIA
INTERNATIONAL COMPANY.

                           W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated
Implementation Procedures,  Contractors (or their predecessors in
interest) established procedures pursuant to which each
Contractor lifts its crude oil entitlement under the Production
Sharing Contract dated August 8, 1968 (as heretofore and
hereafter amended, amended and restated or extended); and

     WHEREAS, Contractors wish to amend and restate the Second
Amended and Restated Implementation Procedures to provide for
certain revisions thereto.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
herein contained, Contractors hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings
set forth below:

       "Agreement" shall mean the Third Amended and Restated
       Implementation Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings.

       "Annual Crude Oil Gross Receipts" attributable to a Party
       shall mean the sum of the gross receipts determined for
       each Month of a Year by multiplying the number of Barrels
       a Party Lifted in a Month by the applicable  Crude Oil
       Price for such Month, plus or minus any payments made to
       or by such Party pursuant to Section 9.2 hereof.
 
       "Available Production" shall mean all Crude Oil produced
       and saved from the Contract Area in accordance with good
       oil field practice and available for delivery as of any
       given time at the Point of Lifting.
 
       "Barrel", "Crude Oil", "Operating Costs", "Petroleum",
       "Petroleum Operations", "Contract Area", "Year" and such
       other words not specifically defined herein shall have the
       meanings set forth in the PSC.

       "Contractors" shall mean VICO, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited,
       OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan
       Limited, Universe Gas and Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia
       International Company, collectively.  "Contractor" shall
       refer to any one of the Contractors.

       "Contractors' Share of Available Production" shall mean
       all Available Production, less any portion thereof
       attributable to the interests of Total/Inpex (whose Crude
       Oil is transported by VICO via its Badak Field facilities
       to the Santan Terminal) and any portion thereof nominated
       to be Lifted during the period under consideration as
       Pertamina Share Oil, Cost Oil or Domestic Market
       Obligation, as adjusted from time to time pursuant to
       Section 5.2 hereof.  

       "Contractors' Share Oil" shall mean the quantity of Crude
       Oil to which Contractors are entitled under Section 6.1.3
       of the PSC.

       "Cost Oil" shall mean the quantity of oil which is for
       recovery of Operating Costs under Section 6.1.2 of the PSC
       and the quantity of oil to which Contractors  are entitled
       under Section 6.1.7 of the PSC.  
       
       "Crude Oil Offtake Coordinator" shall have the meaning
       attributed to it in Section 3.4 hereof.

       "Crude Oil Price" shall mean the net realized price of
       Crude Oil in effect for a particular period as provided in
       Section 7.1.1(a) of the PSC used to determine the weighted
       average price of Crude Oil for a Year for purposes of
       calculating cost recovery pursuant to Section 6.1 of the
       PSC.

       "Domestic Market Obligation" shall mean the quantity of
       Available Production which Contractors are obligated to
       furnish to fulfill the obligation towards the supply of
       the domestic market in Indonesia under Section 5.1.2 (p)
       of the PSC.

       "Effective Date" shall mean the date specified in Article
II hereof.

       "Emergency Lifting Quantity" shall have the meaning
       attributed to it in Section 8.2 hereof.

       "Final Settlement" shall have the meaning attributed to it
       in Section 9.2 hereof.

       "4th Quarter Report" shall have the meaning attributed to
       it in Section 9.2 hereof.

       "Lift", "Lifted" and "Lifting" all refer to the act of
       taking Crude Oil at the Point of Lifting.

       "LNG" shall mean liquefied Natural Gas.

       "Month" shall mean a calendar month.

       "Offtake Procedure" shall mean the Crude Oil Offtake
       Procedure, Santan Terminal dated October 23, 1974, by and
       among VICO, on behalf of the Parties (or their respective
       predecessors in interest),  Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.,
       Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and Pertamina, as hereafter
       amended.

       "Operating Agreement" shall mean the Operating Agreement
       for the Contract Area by and among the Contractors (or
       their respective predecessors in interest) effective
       August 8, 1968, as heretofore and hereafter amended.  

       "Overlift(s)" shall mean, as of any given date, the
       cumulative amount, expressed in Barrels and measured from
       the Effective Date (or calculated for some other specified
       period), by which the quantity of Crude Oil a Party has
       Lifted exceeds that Party's Working Interest Share of
       Contractors' Share of Available Production theretofore
       actually Lifted. 

       "Parties" shall mean the Contractors collectively. 
       "Party" shall mean any one of the Parties.

       "Party's Availability" shall mean a Party's Working
       Interest Share of Contractors' Share of Available
       Production, as adjusted upward or downward, respectively,
       by such Party's then current Underlift or Overlift.

       "Pertamina" shall mean PERUSAHAAN  PERTAMBANGAN  MINYAK 
       DAN  GAS  BUMI  NEGARA, the Indonesian State Enterprise
       established on the basis of Law No. 8/1971.

       "Pertamina Share Oil" shall mean the quantity of Crude Oil
       to which Pertamina is entitled under Section 6.1.3 of the
       PSC.

       "Point of Lifting" shall mean the flange between the
       Santan Terminal's delivery hose and cargo intake of a
       vessel at Santan Terminal.

       "PSC" shall mean the Amended and Restated Production
       Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990, but effective
       August 8, 1968, and the Production Sharing Contract dated
       April 23, 1990, but effective August 8, 1998, both between
       Pertamina and the Contractors (or their predecessors in
       interest), as such contracts may be subsequently amended,
       amended and restated or extended. 

       "Quarter" shall mean a quarter of a Year beginning on the
       first day of January, April, July or October.

       "Santan Operating Agreement" shall mean the Santan
       Terminal Facilities Joint Operating Agreement dated
       October 22, 1974, by and among Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., as
       Terminal Operator, Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and VICO, as
       hereafter amended.

       "Santan Terminal" shall mean those facilities described in
       Section 1.1 of the Santan Operating Agreement.

       "Second Amended and Restated Implementation Procedures"
       shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Implementation
       Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings, effective as of January
       1, 1991, among the Contractors (or their predecessors in
       interest).

       "Settlement Year" shall mean each Year for which a
       settlement is made pursuant to Article IX hereof.

       "Terminal Operator" shall mean the party designated under
       the provisions of Section 3 of the Santan Operating
       Agreement to act as Operator thereunder.

       "Total/Inpex" shall mean Total Indonesie and Indonesia
       Petroleum, Ltd.

       "Underlift(s)" shall mean, as of any given date, the
       cumulative amount, expressed in Barrels and measured from
       the Effective Date (or calculated for some other specified
       period), by which a Party's Working Interest Share of
       Contractors' Share of Available Production theretofore
       actually Lifted exceeds the quantity of Crude Oil which
       such Party has Lifted.

       "VICO" shall mean Virginia Indonesia Company.

       "Working Interest Share" of a Party shall mean the
       Percentage of Interest of such Party as defined in the
       Operating Agreement.

ARTICLE II - EFFECTIVE DATE

Effective July 1, 1993 (the "Effective Date"), this Agreement
shall supersede and replace, in their entirety, the Second
Amended and Restated Implementation Procedures.  This Agreement
shall be deemed valid and binding on the Parties from the date of
its execution and delivery, although its terms regarding the
nomination of Crude Oil to be Lifted, the actual Lifting of Crude
Oil, and Year-end settlements shall not be implemented prior to
the Effective Date.  Nonetheless, the Parties shall take all
appropriate action, including in particular the giving of certain
of the notices specified in Articles IV, V and VI, which may be
reasonably required to implement this Agreement as of the
Effective Date. 

ARTICLE III - GENERAL PROVISIONS

3.1    Each Party shall have the right and obligation to take in
       kind and separately dispose of its Working Interest Share
       of Contractors' Share of Available Production.

3.2    Any Party shall have the right to nominate and Lift in any
       Month  any portion of Contractors' Share of Available
       Production not nominated for Lifting by any other Party as
       of the tenth (10th) day of the preceding Month . 

3.3    VICO is hereby appointed and authorized by the Parties to
       schedule and control all Crude Oil Liftings in conjunction
       with the Terminal Operator and to act on behalf of the
       Parties when dealing with Pertamina pursuant to the terms
       and conditions of the Offtake Procedure.

3.4    VICO shall appoint a representative to be designated as
       the Crude Oil Offtake Coordinator who shall coordinate the
       Liftings of Available Production between the Parties and
       at the same time endeavor to ensure that all Liftings are
       scheduled such that (i) the production of Natural Gas from
       the Contract Area and subsequent transformation thereof
       into LNG is not interrupted or otherwise adversely
       affected and (ii) planned Crude Oil production can at all
       times be contained within the limits of available storage.

3.5    Each Party shall consult with and seek advice and
       assistance from the Crude Oil Offtake Coordinator  on
       matters relating to scheduling of Crude Oil Liftings and
       shipments.

3.6    Title to and risk of loss of all Crude Oil shall pass to
       the Lifting Party at the Point of Lifting.

3.7    All deliveries of Available Production shall be made at
       the Santan Terminal to a vessel nominated pursuant to the
       terms of this Agreement.

3.8    All Lifting Contractors shall comply with the applicable
       Santan Port Rules which have been properly adopted
       pursuant to Sections 4.4 and 4.5 of the Santan Operating
       Agreement and attached thereto as Exhibit "E" in order to
       ensure the safe operation of the Santan Terminal and its
       harbor.  VICO shall provide copies of the Santan Port
       Rules to the Parties upon request and shall advise of any
       proposed and actual changes with respect thereto.

3.9    All consular, agency, towage, pilotage, customs,
       quarantine, tonnage and port fees, taxes, charges and
       expenses assessed against or with respect to a vessel
       shall be paid by the owner of the vessel or by the party
       chartering the vessel.

3.10   Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party
       shall be responsible for all taxes and other payments
       arising with respect to all Crude Oil Lifted by such
       Party.

ARTICLE IV - ANNUAL NOMINATION

4.1    On or before October 15th of each Year (Y), VICO shall
       notify all Parties of the quantity of estimated Available
       Production which can be produced and made available for
       disposal during each Month of the next ensuing Year (Y+1). 
       Such notice shall also include VICO's estimate of Crude
       Oil Price, Cost Oil, Pertamina Share Oil and Domestic
       Market Obligation for the next ensuing Year (Y+1).

4.2    On or before November 1st of each Year (Y), VICO shall
       notify the Parties of the estimated volume of Available
       Production allocated to each Party for Lifting during each
       Quarter of the following Year (Y+1).

4.3    Upon notification, if any, by Terminal Operator of the
       receipt from Pertamina of the notice issued pursuant to
       Section 4(c) of the Offtake Procedure, VICO shall send to
       each Party a notice detailing the following:

       a.   VICO's estimate of the volumes of Available
            Production for each Month of the following Year
            (Y+1);

       b.   Pertamina's estimate, if available, of the volumes of
            the Domestic Market Obligation and Pertamina Share
            Oil which Pertamina requires during each Quarter of
            the following Year (Y+1); and
       
        c.  VICO's estimate of Contractors' Share of Available
            Production for each Quarter of the Year (Y+1).

4.4    VICO shall immediately notify the Parties of the receipt
       from Pertamina of any notice of its decision to market the
       Parties' Cost Oil Entitlement under Section 7.1.1(d) of
       the PSC.  Within twenty (20) days of receipt of VICO's
       notice of Pertamina's decision, each Party shall notify
       VICO if it elects to match the sales price designated by
       Pertamina for such Cost Oil and the volume of Cost Oil it
       plans to Lift.  All annual nominations of the Parties
       shall be subject to revision in the event Pertamina should
       exercise its right to and does, in fact, market the
       Parties' Cost Oil Entitlement pursuant to Section 7.1.1(d)
       of the PSC.
  
  4.5  VICO shall issue each Month a revised estimate of
       Contractors' Share of Available Production for the current
       Year (Y) by Quarters reflecting changes, if any, in the
       estimated Available Production, the applicable Crude Oil
       Price or in any other factor used by a Contractor to
       calculate the volume of Cost Oil. 
       
ARTICLE V - NOTIFICATION OF ESTIMATED ENTITLEMENT

5.1    On or before the first (1st) day of each Month (M), VICO
       shall send to each Party a notice setting out the
       following:

       a.   Estimated Overlift or Underlift position of each
            Party and estimated overlift or underlift position of
            Pertamina at the end of the preceding Month (M-1);

       b.   Available Production estimated to be in inventory at
            the Santan Terminal attributable to the Parties,
            Pertamina and Total/Inpex at the end of the preceding
            Month (M-1);

       c.   The estimated quantity of additions to Available
            Production  during the Month (M), the following Month
            (M+1) and a provisional forecast for the succeeding
            two (2) Months (M+2 and M+3);

       d.   Pertamina's and each Party's Liftings for the Year to
            date and cargo nominations for the Month (M); and

       e.   Each Party's Availability for the following Month
            (M+1) and the quantity of Available Production which
            is available for Lifting by Pertamina and Total/Inpex
            during  such  Month (M+1).  For purposes of
            calculating a Party's Availability for the following 
            Month (M+1) under this subsection, a Party shall be
            deemed to have Lifted the quantity of Available
            Production equal to its accepted nomination, if any,
            for the  Month (M).

5.2    In the event VICO determines that there is a significant
       increase or decrease in the Cost Oil being attributed to
       the Contractors, VICO may choose to allocate such
       increased or decreased volumes to the Contractors in
       varying increments over any given period of Months
       (thereby increasing or reducing Contractors' Share of
       Available Production for such Months) in order to avoid
       any problems associated with a significant one-time
       alteration in the amount of Crude Oil available for
       Lifting by the Contractors or Pertamina.

ARTICLE VI - VESSEL NOMINATION AND SCHEDULING

6.1    Subject to the following qualification, the principle
       governing Crude Oil Liftings shall be that, to the extent
       practicable, all Crude Oil Lifted by the Parties shall be
       taken evenly throughout each Year, and that a reasonable
       balance shall be maintained between each Party's Working
       Interest Share of Contractors' Share of Available
       Production and the quantity of Crude Oil Lifted by such
       Party throughout each Year.  The Parties recognize that of
       primary importance in the operation of the Contract Area
       as well as the Santan Terminal is the  uninterrupted
       production of Natural Gas and its subsequent
       transformation into LNG at the Bontang liquefaction
       facilities in order to meet contractual obligations and
       market demands therefor.

6.2    The Lifting of Crude Oil by the Parties shall be scheduled
       by VICO in conjunction with the Terminal Operator which is
       the party ultimately responsible pursuant to the terms of
       the Santan Operating Agreement for coordinating the
       shipping program at the Santan Terminal.  The actual
       Lifting of Crude Oil at the Santan Terminal shall be
       governed by the provisions of the Santan Operating
       Agreement (including the Offtake Procedure) and, as
       between the Parties , the terms and conditions set forth
       herein, to the extent they do not conflict with the Santan
       Operating Agreement.

6.3    Not later than the fifth (5th) day of each Month (M), each
       Party shall advise VICO of its requested nomination(s) for
       the forthcoming Month (M+1) and its provisional
       nominations for the following two (2) Months (M+2 and
       M+3).  With respect to Month (M+1), such nomination(s)
       shall include the following:

       a.   The name of each vessel nominated to be loaded at
            Santan Terminal (the designation "TBN" being
            acceptable);

       b.   The quantity to be delivered to each vessel, such
            quantity not to exceed or be lower than,
            respectively, the applicable maximum or minimum
            established for an individual Lifting by Terminal
            Operator; and

       c.   The date range for each vessel, which range shall be
            two (2) days before and two (2) days after the
            expected arrival date.

6.4    If, in the opinion of VICO, cargo nominations received
       from the Parties exceed the estimated Contractors' Share
       of Available Production for any Month (M+1), then VICO
       shall  endeavor to bring such amounts into balance by
       consultation between the Parties.  Should such endeavor be
       unsuccessful, then each nominating Party shall be
       allocated an amount equal to such Party's Availability or
       the amount of its nomination, whichever is less.   For
       purposes of this Section 6.4, a Party's Availability shall
       be deemed to be zero (0) if it is otherwise determined to
       be a negative number.  If the aggregate of the amounts so
       allocated exceeds the estimated Contractors' Share of
       Available Production for Month (M+1), then such available
       amount shall be allocated based on the lesser of the
       following:

       a.   A Party's nomination; or

       b.   An amount determined for each nominating Party by
            multiplying the Contractors' Share of Available
            Production for Month (M+1) by a fraction having a
            numerator equal to such Party's Availability for
            Month (M+1) and a denominator equal to the sum of all
            nominating Parties' Availabilities for such Month.

6.5    Any balance of Crude Oil available for Lifting following
       the procedure set out in Section 6.4  hereof shall be
       allocated to the nominating Parties in the following order
       of priority:

       a.   First, to a Party with a positive Party's
            Availability for Month (M+1) in an amount not
            exceeding such Party's nomination (or the balance
            thereof, as the case may be), and if there is more
            than one such Party, priority shall be established in
            sequence commencing first with the nomination
            submitted by the Party with the greatest Party's
            Availability for such Month; and

       b.   Second, to a Party with a negative Party's
            Availability for Month (M+1) in an amount not
            exceeding such Party's nomination (or the balance
            thereof, as the case may be), and if there is more
            than one such Party, first priority shall be
            established in sequence commencing with the
            nomination submitted by the Party with the smallest
            negative Party's Availability for such Month.

       Should two or more Parties have Availabilities of
       identical size, whether positive or negative, the highest
       ranking shall be given to the Party whose last Lifting
       (including, for this purpose, scheduled Liftings for the
       remainder of the Month) prior to the end of the Month (M)
       was earliest in time.

6.6    A Party whose Lifting has been reduced in accordance with
       Sections 6.4 and 6.5  hereof shall have the right to
       withdraw its nomination by notice given promptly to VICO. 
       In the event of such withdrawal, VICO shall reapply the
       priorities according to Sections 6.4 and 6.5  hereof to
       all other nominations.  With respect to any Month (M+1),
       all the adjustments, if any, which are to be made pursuant
       to Sections 6.4 and 6.5  hereof and to this Section 6.6 to
       the Parties' nominations shall be taken into account
       before it is determined whether any conflict exists as
       described in Section 6.7  hereof.

6.7    If VICO receives two or more nominations, as adjusted
       pursuant to Sections 6.4, 6.5 and 6.6, which in terms of
       loading date conflict (which shall include being
       insufficiently separated in time to allow for the
       accumulation at Santan Terminal of Available Production
       necessary to supply in full the accepted nominations of
       the Parties during the period under consideration), VICO
       shall endeavor to resolve such conflict (by means of one
       or more loading date alterations or loading quantity
       reductions, or both) by consultation between the Parties. 
       Should such endeavor be unsuccessful, then the nomination
       having the highest ranking (as determined in accordance
       with Section 6.5 hereof) shall be accepted and the
       nomination(s) conflicting with it rejected.  Any Party
       whose nomination is so rejected shall promptly be notified
       accordingly by VICO and shall have the right to submit,
       within two (2) working days of such notice, a further
       nomination for a date range in Month (M+1) other than (but
       which may overlap with) the date range for which it
       originally nominated and for a quantity of Crude Oil not
       greater than the quantity accepted by VICO in respect of
       the original nomination.  The foregoing provisions of this
       Section 6.7 shall be applied to any conflict between such
       further nomination and any other nomination with respect
       to Month (M+1).  Notwithstanding the above, should the
       terms and provisions of the Offtake Procedure, including
       Exhibit 1 attached thereto, conflict with the scheduling
       priorities as determined above, the provisions of the
       Offtake Procedure shall control.

6.8    With respect to Month (M+1), if insufficient nominations
       are received from the Parties to enable, in VICO's
       reasonable opinion, a shipping program for that Month to
       be compiled which will keep available Crude Oil stocks
       within available storage capacity of the Santan Terminal,
       then VICO shall endeavor through consultation with the
       Parties to achieve a sufficient increase in such
       nominations.  If such endeavor is unsuccessful, VICO shall
       determine the minimum acceptable level of production and,
       should the aforesaid nominations be insufficient to permit
       that level of production to be maintained,  one or more of
       the Parties with a positive Party's Availability shall be
       deemed to have nominated a quantity (or an additional
       quantity) of Crude Oil, beginning with the Party with the
       largest positive Party's Availability and followed
       successively, as necessary, by the Party(ies) with the
       next largest positive Party's Availability, equal to the
       lesser of (i) the difference between the Party's
       Availability of such Party and its nomination submitted
       for the Month (M+1), or (ii) the remaining Barrels
       required to be Lifted to maintain the acceptable level of
       production.  No Party shall be required to nominate a
       volume of Crude Oil pursuant to this provision which, when
       combined with any existing nomination of such Party, would
       be less than any minimum lift requirement imposed by
       Terminal Operator.

6.9    Parties may nominate for less than full cargoes of Crude
       Oil, and the nominations of more than one Party may be
       Lifted and loaded onto the same vessel.  

6.10    Within one (1) day of receipt by VICO of the shipping
       program from Terminal Operator pursuant to Section 1.4 of
       Exhibit 1 to the Offtake Procedure [but no later than the
       18th day of each Month (or, in the case of February, the
       16th day of such Month), assuming the proper and timely
       notice is given by Terminal Operator], VICO shall notify
       each Party of the accepted shipping program for the Month
       (M+1) and provisional programs for the following two (2)
       Months (M+2 and M+3) together with an expected loading
       date for the Month (M+1) within the five (5) day date
       range notified under Section 6.3 hereof (or applicable
       under Section 6.7 or 6.8 hereof).  

6.11   At least twelve (12) days prior to the expected loading
       date(s) referred to in Section 6.10, each Contractor
       Lifting in Month (M+1) shall:

       a.   Establish with VICO a firmly scheduled three (3) day
            date range(s) of arrival at the Santan Terminal
            (within the date range(s) specified in Section 6.3.c
            hereof) for the Lifting(s) during Month (M+1) of
            nominations which are acceptable to the Lifting
            Contractor and VICO; and

       b.   Submit to VICO the following information for each
            such Lifting in order that such information can be
            conveyed to Terminal Operator:
            i.   Designation of the tanker, including both its
                 name and size (the designation "TBN" being
                 acceptable only if it is acceptable to Terminal
                 Operator);
            ii.  Date range of the Lifting(s) (as established
                 pursuant to a. above);
            iii. Quantity of Crude Oil to be loaded on each
                 tanker;
            iv.  Designation of the Consignor and Consignee
                 along with the required number of documentation
                 copies needed for each (the standard
                 documentation passing from Jakarta to the
                 Santan Terminal to include a Bill of Lading
                 reading "Freight Payable as Arranged",
                 Certificate of Quantity, Certificate of
                 Quality, Certificate of Origin, Cargo Manifest,
                 Ullage Report, Tanker Time and Loading Report,
                 the Master's Receipt for Sample, the Master's
                 Receipt for Shipping Documents, the Dry
                 Certificate and the Notice of Readiness);
            v.   Destination of the tanker(s); and
            vi.  Name of the Lifting Party or Parties.
            
       The failure of a Lifting Party to provide the above-
       referenced information (with the exception of the name of
       the designated tanker) shall result in VICO having the
       right to invoke the emergency sale provisions of Article
       VIII hereof for the exclusive account  of  such  Party, 
       notwithstanding  any  provisions  thereof to the 
       contrary.   Except as otherwise provided below, such
       accepted program for the forthcoming Month (M+1) shall be
       considered final and binding.

6.12   If as a result of circumstances arising after the
       establishment of a firm shipping program for a Month (M+1)
       such program becomes infeasible, VICO may, in consultation
       with Terminal Operator and the Parties, make such
       equitable revisions to the scheduled Lifting(s) of one or
       more Parties as are necessary to restore the feasibility
       of the program, always subject to the consent of each
       Party whose Lifting is to be revised (which consent shall
       not be unreasonably withheld).

6.13   In order to ensure continuous production, VICO shall be
       further empowered to request alterations to the programs
       notified pursuant to Section 6.10 hereof.

6.14   Any Party may at any time request changes to its scheduled
       Lifting and VICO shall endeavor to implement such changes
       to the extent practicable under the terms of the Offtake
       Procedure, provided such changes do not jeopardize the
       scheduled Lifting of any other Party or cause a reduction
       of production.

6.15   All other matters concerning the actual Lifting of Crude
       Oil at Santan Terminal, whether or not specifically
       addressed in this Agreement, including, but not limited
       to, substitution of vessels, changes in Lifting date
       ranges, notification requirements and other harbor
       procedures, applicable safety regulations and Santan
       Terminal documentation requirements, shall be governed by
       the Santan Operating Agreement and the Offtake Procedure
       attached thereto (including the Tanker Nomination
       Procedure which is attached as Exhibit 1 thereto), all of
       which are incorporated herein by reference as though fully
       set forth herein.  The actual Liftings shall be ultimately
       scheduled and implemented by Terminal Operator; therefore,
       any notices required to be given to Terminal Operator by a
       Lifting Party shall be first submitted to VICO within a
       reasonable time prior to the date such notice is due under
       the applicable terminal procedures to allow VICO to relay
       such notice to Terminal Operator as required.  VICO shall
       use its best efforts to relay by the appropriate time any
       notice to Terminal Operator on behalf of a Party but shall
       in no way be held responsible for a failure to do so.

ARTICLE VII - LAYTIME AND DEMURRAGE

The provisions of Part II of Exhibit 1, Tanker Nomination
Procedure, to the Offtake Procedure concerning laytime and
demurrage shall be specifically incorporated herein for all
purposes, including, but not limited to, the calculation of
laytime and amounts due for demurrage, if any.

ARTICLE VIII - EMERGENCY DISPOSAL

8.1    If the production of Crude Oil or Natural Gas from the
       Contract Area is in jeopardy because insufficient Crude
       Oil has been Lifted or scheduled for Lifting and if, in
       the opinion of VICO, an emergency has thereby arisen, then
       VICO may take such action as may be reasonably necessary,
       including arranging for the disposition of sufficient
       Crude Oil so as to maintain the production of Crude Oil
       and Natural Gas at an acceptable rate.  Such Crude Oil
       shall be sold by VICO through an independent broker
       selected by VICO on an F.O.B. Santan Terminal basis.  VICO
       shall use its best efforts to receive the current market
       price for such Crude Oil sold, but in no way warrants its
       ability or the ability of the broker to do so.  The
       quantities allocated to the Parties as set forth below
       shall be sold by VICO for the separate accounts of the
       respective Parties concerned.

8.2    Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.11 and in this
       Section 8.2, the quantity of Crude Oil in each Lifting
       under this Article VIII (the "Emergency Lifting Quantity")
       shall be allocated to those Parties (if any) which are
       underlifted as of a time immediately prior to the Lifting
       in question.  However, if a Party has been scheduled to
       make a Lift pursuant to an accepted shipping program
       during a Month in which VICO deems an emergency to exist
       hereunder but such Lift has not occurred or been
       completed, or if a Party's nomination for the Month in
       which an emergency Lift occurs had been rejected pursuant
       to Section 6.7 hereof and was not rescheduled for such
       Month despite the best efforts of such Party to do so, the
       Barrels such Party is scheduled to Lift, or the Barrels
       attributable to such Party's rejected nomination, shall be
       subtracted from the Underlift attributable to such Party,
       if any, when determining the existence or size of a
       Party's Underlift for purposes of this Section 8.2.  In
       addition, notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Party is
       underlifted at the time of an emergency Lift but has a
       positive  Party's Availability at the beginning of the
       month in which such Lift occurs which is less than the
       minimum Lift requirement imposed by Terminal Operator, the
       Barrels comprising such Party's Underlift shall not be
       considered for purposes of allocating to such Party an
       Emergency Lifting Quantity hereunder.  The Emergency
       Lifting Quantity (or a portion thereof) shall first be
       allocated to the Party having the largest Underlift.  The
       number of Barrels allocated to such Party shall equal the
       number of Barrels that, when subtracted from such Party's
       Underlift, reduces such Underlift to the extent that it
       equals the Underlift of the second most underlifted Party. 
       Thereafter, any remaining Emergency Lifting Quantity shall
       be allocated to both such underlifted Parties equally, on
       a Barrel per Barrel basis, until their respective
       Underlifts, when reduced by the number of Barrels
       allocated hereunder, equal the size of the Underlift of
       the third most underlifted Party.  This process shall
       continue in similar fashion until the entire Emergency
       Lifting Quantity has been allocated or until all
       Underlifts attributable to the Parties have been
       eliminated.  If the combined Underlifts of the Parties
       pursuant to this Section 8.2 is less than the Emergency
       Lifting Quantity, the volume in excess of such combined
       Underlifts shall be allocated to each respective Party
       based on such Party's Working Interest Share.  Those
       Barrels allocated to a Party hereunder comprising a
       portion of the Emergency Lifting Quantity shall be
       considered as having been Lifted by such Party under the
       terms of this Agreement.

8.3    The proceeds from the sale of the Emergency Lifting
       Quantity (after deduction of all related costs, including
       the fee charged by the above-mentioned broker) shall be
       distributed to the Parties in the proportion in which the
       Emergency Lifting Quantity was allocated to the Parties in
       Section 8.2 hereof.

8.4    VICO shall immediately advise each Party by means of
       facsimile transmission or telex whenever VICO decides to
       make a Lifting in accordance with this Article VIII.  Upon
       confirmation of an emergency sale, VICO shall immediately
       advise each Party by means of facsimile transmission or
       telex of the terms of the sale, including the price,
       credit terms and the volume sold.

ARTICLE IX - YEAR END SETTLEMENTS

9.1    If a payment is required by the Parties or Pertamina under
       Section 13 of the Offtake Procedure, each Party shall
       contribute to or share in such payment based on its actual
       Liftings during the Year (Y) as set forth in Section 9.2
       hereof.

9.2    Within sixty (60) days after the end of each Year (Y),
       VICO shall send each Party a notice setting forth the
       respective underlift or overlift position of the Parties
       and Pertamina, as documented in that certain report filed
       by VICO each year with Pertamina/BPPKA, entitled "Fourth
       Quarter Financial Status Report for East Kalimantan Area"
       (the "4th Quarter Report").  For purposes of this Article
       IX, any payment owed by either the Parties or Pertamina
       for a Year (Y) based on the applicable underlift or
       overlift position described in the 4th Quarter Report
       shall be referred to as the "Final Settlement" for such
       Year (Y).  If, according to that notice, either Pertamina
       or the Parties are deemed to be a Net Overlifter or Net
       Underlifter (as such terms are defined under the Offtake
       Procedure) and, therefore, a payment from one to the other
       is required, VICO shall at the same time notify the
       Parties of the following additional information:

       a.   The actual quantities of Available Production Lifted
            by each Party during the Year (Y) plus its final
            Overlift or minus its final Underlift from the prior
            Year (Y-1) as shown pursuant to Section 9.2.d hereof
            in the notice which was issued with respect to Year
            (Y-1);

       b.   Each Party's Working Interest Share of Contractors'
            Share  of Available Production Lifted during the Year
            (Y);

       c.   Overlift or Underlift position of each Party as at
            the end of Year (Y), as adjusted for each Party's
            Working Interest Share of Final Settlement converted
            to Barrels at the price per Barrel utilized in the
            4th Quarter Report; and

       d.   Final Overlift or Underlift position of each Party as
            at the end of Year (Y) after making adjustments in
            accordance with Section 9.3 hereof for payments due
            to or from Pertamina.

       Any Final Settlement payment received from Pertamina shall
       be distributed by VICO within a reasonable time after
       receipt thereof to those Parties who Lifted less than
       their Working Interest Share of Contractors' Share Oil and
       Cost Oil in the proportion that their respective
       Underlifts bear to the total of all Underlifts as
       calculated above.  Any Final Settlement due to Pertamina
       by the Parties shall be borne by such Parties who Lifted
       more than their Working Interest Share of Contractors'
       Share Oil and Cost Oil in the proportion that their
       respective Overlifts bear to the total of all Overlifts as
       calculated above.  Upon VICO's request, each Party shall
       advance to VICO its respective share of any payment due
       Pertamina pursuant to this Section 9.2. 

9.3    If the Parties make a payment to Pertamina or Pertamina
       makes a payment to the Parties pursuant to this Article IX
       with respect to the Year (Y), the amount of Available
       Production Lifted by each Party during the Year (Y) and
       the Overlift or Underlift position of each Party at the
       end of the Year (Y) as notified under Section 9.2.c 
       hereof shall be adjusted, provided that the corresponding
       unadjusted positions shall be considered valid for the
       purposes of applying the provisions of this Agreement
       until the Parties are notified of the adjusted positions. 
       If the Parties make a payment to Pertamina, the amount of
       Available Production Lifted by each Party during the Year
       (Y) shall be reduced by the number of Barrels determined
       by dividing the amount (expressed in United States
       Dollars) a Party contributed to the payment to Pertamina
       by the price per Barrel utilized in the 4th Quarter
       Report, being the weighted average of each Crude Oil Price
       in effect during such Year.  If Pertamina makes a payment
       to the Parties, the amount of Available Production Lifted
       by each Party during the Year (Y) shall be increased by
       the number of Barrels determined by dividing the amount
       (expressed in United States Dollars) a Party received by
       the price per Barrel utilized in the 4th Quarter Report.

9.4    Any Year-end imbalances among the Parties shall be carried
       forward to the following Year.
                                     
9.5    When the Final Settlement position between the Parties and
       Pertamina is determined, a settlement between Parties
       shall be made to ensure that the amount of Indonesian
       income taxes paid by each Party corresponds as nearly as
       possible to  the tax liability on Crude Oil Lifted by such
       Party.  The amount of Indonesian income taxes incurred on
       Crude Oil Lifted by a Party shall be computed as if such
       Party's Indonesian tax return were prepared taking into
       consideration such Party's Annual Crude Oil Gross Receipts
       but excluding therefrom such Party's Working Interest
       Share of cost recovery and investment credit.  For
       purposes of the above computation,  the Domestic Market
       Obligation adjustment shall be allocated to  the Parties
       based on their respective Working Interest Shares.    
       Each Party's income tax liability as determined above
       shall be compared to actual Indonesian income taxes paid
       on Crude Oil Lifted, including each Party's share of taxes
       paid on Domestic Market Obligation receipts.  As soon as
       practicable after the end of a Year, VICO shall notify the
       Parties of the amount of taxes owed and paid by each Party
       with respect to such Year, and if during the course of
       such Year a Party has paid an amount in taxes which is
       below or in excess of its income tax liability, an
       appropriate adjustment shall be made with respect to such
       Party in the following month's tax cash call.

 9.6   Once production of Crude Oil ceases or the Contract Area
       is returned to Pertamina, or at such earlier time as shall
       be agreed by the Parties, the Parties shall, within sixty
       (60) days of such date, make an interim settlement pending
       Final Settlement with Pertamina.  The interim settlement
       shall be based upon VICO's calculated Overlift and
       Underlift positions for the Parties adjusted for each
       Party's share of Pertamina's overlifted or underlifted
       position.  Final settlement among the Parties will be made
       thirty (30) days after a Final Settlement has been reached
       with Pertamina.  The settlement price among the Parties
       shall be the weighted average of each Crude Oil Price for
       Crude Oil produced from the Contract Area, excluding
       Domestic Market Obligation, which was Lifted by the
       Parties within the calendar Year prior to the date
       production of Crude Oil ceased, the date the Contract Area
       was returned to Pertamina or the settlement date agreed
       upon by the Parties, as the case may be.  

ARTICLE X - TAX RULING AND INTERIM PROCEDURES

10.1   VICO, on behalf of the Parties, shall prepare and submit
       to the appropriate Indonesian government tax authority a
       request for a ruling to the effect that each Party may
       legally calculate Indonesian taxes due and file Indonesian
       tax returns based on the number of Barrels of Crude Oil
       actually Lifted by a Party during a particular Year.  Such
       request shall be acceptable in form and content to all
       Parties. 

10.2   Pending receipt of the tax ruling referred to in Section
       10.1, the Interim Procedures which are attached hereto as
       Addendum "A" and made a part hereof shall apply and be
       effective during the periods described therein,
       notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to
       the contrary.

ARTICLE XI - CONFLICTS AND ORDER OF PRECEDENCE
11.1   The Operating Agreement notwithstanding, the provisions of
       this Agreement shall be controlling as among the Parties 
       with regard to the matters referred to herein.

11.2   Should the provisions of this Agreement be inconsistent
       with the provisions of the Santan Operating Agreement, the
       Santan Operating Agreement shall be controlling.

ARTICLE XII - NOTICES

12.1   All notices related to this Agreement shall be in writing
       and delivered by certified mail, return receipt requested,
       or transmitted by telex or facsimile communication to the
       designated addresses listed below:

            LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
            c/o Lasmo Trading Limited
            100, Liverpool Street   
            London EC2M 2BB          
            United Kingdom
            Attention:  David Barter
            Fax No.:  (011-44) 71-606-2893
            Telex No.:  8812970

            w/c.c.  LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
            c/o The LASMO Companies in Indonesia
            10th Floor, Landmark Centre, Tower A
            Jalan Jenderal Sudirman No. 1
            P. O. Box 3415/Jkt.
            Jakarta 12910, Indonesia
            Attention:  Graeme A. Jamieson 
            Fax No.:  (011-62) 21-571-1004
            Telex No.:  45218 LOMSL 1A

            OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
            2801 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 300
            Houston, Texas 77056
            Attention:  Charles C.J. Chu
            Fax No.:  713-297-8108
            
            UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
            c/o Union Texas Petroleum Corporation
            1330 Post Oak Boulevard
            P. O. Box 2120
            Houston, Texas 77252
            Attention:  Crude Oil Marketing Department
            Fax No.:  713-968-3606
            Telex No.:  203109

            UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
            Akasaka Twin Tower, East Wing
            17-22, Akasaka 2-chome
            Minato-ku, Tokyo 107
            Japan
            Attention:  Hitoshi Yamatoya
            Fax No.:  Tokyo 03 (3585) 1486
            Telex No.:  UGOTOK J2422211

            w/c.c. Houston Liaison Office
            c/o Japex (U.S.) Corporation
            Geosource Plaza
            2700 Post Oak Blvd.
            Suite 1200
            Houston, Texas 77056
            Attention:  Masao Toyosaki
            Fax No.:  713-871-9619

            VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
            P. O. Box 1551
            Houston, Texas 77251-1551
            Attention:  Crude Oil Offtake Coordinator
            Fax No.:  713-754-6998
            Telex No.:  166100

            VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY
            c/o The LASMO Companies
            One Houston Center
            1221 McKinney, Suite 600
            Houston, Texas 77010-2015
            Attention:  Ian D. Brown
            Fax No.:  713-654-8527
            
            w/c.c. Virginia International Company
            c/o Union Texas Petroleum Corporation
            1330 Post Oak Boulevard
            P. O. Box 2120
            Houston, Texas 77252
            Attention:  Crude Oil Marketing Department
            Fax No.:  713-968-3606
            Telex No.:  203109


12.2   A Party may change its address or designated addressee(s)
       by written notice to the other Parties.

ARTICLE XIII - SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS

This Agreement shall be binding upon each of the Parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns.

ARTICLE XIV - GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of Texas.  Any dispute relating to the
interpretation of or performance under this Agreement shall be
finally settled by arbitration in accordance with Section 9 of
the Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968, as amended,
among the Parties  (or their predecessors in interest).

ARTICLE XV - CAPTIONS

All captions, headings or titles appearing within the body of
this Agreement are used solely for the purpose of identification
and are not to be used in interpreting the rights, duties and
obligations of the Parties.

ARTICLE XVI - ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement  among the
Parties and supersedes all previous negotiations, commitments and
writings with respect to the subject matter hereof.

ARTICLE XVII - AMENDMENTS

This Agreement may not be changed or modified in any manner,
except by an instrument executed by the Parties, in writing, and
signed by each Party's duly authorized officer or representative.

ARTICLE XVIII - WAIVER

No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to be a
waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties has caused this
Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer this 1st
day of July, 1993.
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY          LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED



By _______/s/__________________     By _______/s/_______________



OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.               UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN   
                                    LIMITED



By ________/s/__________________    By _______ /s/_______________


UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.    VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY



By ________/s/__________________    By __________/s/____________<PAGE>
                              ADDENDUM "A"

                            INTERIM PROCEDURES


Attached to and made a part of the Third Amended and Restated
Implementation Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings effective July
1, 1993 among Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga
Limited, OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan
Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia
International Company. 


    The Parties hereby agree that the following terms and
provisions of this Addendum "A" shall apply and be effective
during the periods hereafter specified:

    1.    All defined terms used herein shall have the meanings
attributed to them in the Third Amended and Restated
Implementation Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings to which this
Addendum "A" is attached.

    2.    Information otherwise to be provided pursuant to
Article IV covering an entire Year or periods of time within such
Year shall, with respect to 1993, be provided for the period of
July 1, 1993 through December 31, 1993 only.

    3.    For purposes of Subsection 5.1(a), none of the Parties
shall be in an Overlift or Underlift position as of July 1, 1993.

    4.    These Interim Procedures shall be applicable for any
Year (or, with respect to 1993, the period from July 1 through
December 31) during which an acceptable tax ruling as described
in Section 10.1 (the "Tax Ruling") is not received.  In the event
the Tax Ruling is obtained, these Interim Procedures shall become
void and inapplicable effective as of the first day of the Year
in which it is received (or July 1 in the event such ruling is
received on or before December 31, 1993).  For purposes of this
Addendum "A", the period of time from July 1, 1993 through
December 31, 1993 and any Year thereafter during which an
acceptable Tax Ruling is not received shall be referred to as a
"Settlement Period", with the first six month period being
referred to as the "First Settlement Period" and the yearly
periods following thereafter being referred to as "Subsequent
Settlement Periods".  

    5.    The following settlement shall be effected among the
Parties as of the last day of any Settlement Period:

    a.    For the First Settlement Period, the Parties having an
    Overlift position as of the end of such time shall pay to
    each Party with an Underlift an amount determined by
    multiplying the number of Barrels comprising such Party's
    Underlift which accrued during the applicable period by an
    amount in United States dollars equalling the arithmetic
    average of the Crude Oil Price in effect for each Month of
    the First Settlement Period, adjusted as needed to reflect
    any penalties incurred pursuant to paragraph 6 below.  This
    payment to each Party with an Underlift shall be made by
    each Party with an Overlift in the proportion that such
    Party's Overlift bears to the total Overlifts of all Parties
    as of the last day of the Settlement Period.  The amounts to
    be paid hereunder shall be calculated by the Operator and
    all Parties shall be provided with such information by
    January 15th following the end of the Settlement Period. 
    Actual payments required shall be made on or before January
    31st following the end of such period.

    b.    For any Subsequent Settlement Period for which these
    Interim Procedures are applicable, the procedure set forth
    below shall be followed:

          (i)  a record shall be maintained by the Operator of
          each Party's Overlift or Underlift which accrued
          during each four-month period beginning on the first
          day of January, May and September of each Year;

          (ii)  a monetary liability in U.S. dollars shall be
          calculated for each four-month period for each Party
          with an Overlift to each Party with an Underlift in
          the manner described in a. above (including any
          penalties incurred pursuant to paragraph 6 below),
          with the exception that the price attributed to each
          Underlifted Barrel shall be determined by computing
          the arithmetic average of the applicable Crude Oil
          Price in effect for each Month of the four-month
          periods in question;

          (iii)  as of the end of each Subsequent Settlement
          Period, the Operator shall determine the net liability
          of each Party to the other, if any, by totaling the
          monetary results of each four month period's
          calculation as set forth in b.(ii) above; and

          (iv)  the Parties shall be notified of the results of
          the calculation described in b.(iii) above as of
          January 15th following the end of a Subsequent
          Settlement Period, and the required payments shall be
          made by the appropriate Parties on or before the
          following January 31st.

    c.    Settlements made pursuant to 5.a and 5.b above shall
    increase or decrease the number of Barrels deemed Lifted and
    sold or purchased by each Party over the applicable
    Settlement Period to the extent of the number of Barrels
    comprising such Party's Underlift or Overlift as well as
    increase or decrease each Party's Annual Crude Oil Gross
    Receipts for such period.  Such a settlement shall
    constitute a sale and purchase of Crude Oil among the
    Parties with Overlifts and Underlifts during the Settlement
    Period. 
                        
    6.    Notwithstanding any language of paragraph 5 to the
contrary, for any six-month or four-month period addressed
therein during which a Party's Underlift is greater than fifteen
percent (15%) of such Party's Working Interest Share of
Contractors' Share of Available Production for such period, any
settlement payment to be made by a Party having an Overlift
position attributable to such period to a Party having an
Underlift shall be calculated based on the following:  

    a.    With respect to the Barrels comprising the Party's
    Underlift up to and including fifteen percent (15%) of such
    Party's Working Interest Share of Contractors' Share of
    Available Production for such period, a price equal to the
    arithmetic average of the Crude Oil Price in effect for each
    Month during such period; and

    b.    With respect to the Barrels comprising such Party's
    Underlift in excess of fifteen percent (15%) of its Working
    Interest Share of Contractors' Share of Available Production
    for such period, a price equal to ninety percent (90%) of
    the average Crude Oil Price calculated in 6.a above.

However, in the event a Party is excused for reasons of Force
Majeure (as defined in the PSC) from Lifting a certain number of
Barrels during such period, those Barrels shall not be considered
when determining the size of a Party's Underlift for purposes of
applying this penalty position.  By way of example and not by
limitation, the inability of a Party to schedule a Lifting after
a good faith attempt to do so because of the operation of the
terms of this Agreement or the Offtake Procedure shall be
considered a Force Majeure event.

    7.    For any Year during which an acceptable Tax Ruling is
not received, the Indonesian tax liability of each Party shall be
based on such Party's Annual Crude Oil Gross Receipts.  Each
Party's share of any Final Settlement with Pertamina owing to or
received by the Parties shall be calculated based on its Working
Interest Share.  In addition, there shall be no Year-end
imbalances among the Parties, and each Party shall begin each
Subsequent Settlement Period in balance with neither an Overlift
nor Underlift position.
<PAGE>
                               July 1, 1993

Mr. Ian D. Brown                   Mr. Chris J. Biggs
LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited               Union Texas East Kalimantan
Ltd.
Virginia International Company     c/o Union Texas Petroleum
Corp.
One Houston Center                 1330 Post Oak Blvd.
1221 McKinney, Suite 600           P. O. Box 2120
Houston, Texas  77010              Houston, Texas  77252

Mr. Charles C. J. Chu              Mr. H. Yamatoya
OPICOIL Houston, Inc.              Universe Gas & Oil Company,
Inc.
2801 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 300     Akasaka Twin Tower, East Wing
Houston, Texas  77056              17-22, Akasaka 2-chome
                                   Minato-ku, Tokyo 107
                                   Japan

                 Re:  Establishment of Lifting Groups;
                      Side Letter to Third Amended and
                      Restated Implementation Procedures
                      for Crude Oil Liftings

Gentlemen: 

     For purposes hereof, please refer to the Third Amended and
Restated Implementation Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings (the
"Agreement") dated effective July 1, 1993, by and among the
undersigned.  All references to article and section numbers
herein are to the corresponding provisions in the Agreement, and
all the terms used herein shall have the meanings attributed to
them in the Agreement.

     The Parties hereby agree that, for the period herein stated,
the right and obligation to Lift the Working Interest Share of
Contractors' Share of Available Production attributable to
Virginia International Company ("Virginia International") and
Virginia Indonesia Company ("VICO") under the terms and
provisions of the Agreement shall be allocated and transferred in
equal portions to LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited ("LASMO") and Union
Texas East Kalimantan Limited ("UTP").  These two combinations of
interests shall be referred to respectively as the "LASMO Lifting
Group" and "UTP Lifting Group".

     The interests of those Parties comprising each of the LASMO
Lifting Group and UTP Lifting Group shall be combined, and each
group shall be considered as a Party under the Agreement, for
purposes of determining or allocating, as the case may be,
Working Interest Share, Party's Availability, Overlifts,
Underlifts, annual and monthly nominations and entitlements,
Emergency Lifting Quantity, Final Settlement and Domestic Market
Obligation, subject to the further provisions hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the Parties shall continue
to prepare its individual tax returns based on its specific
interest and shall be entitled to receive all notices as
specified in Article XII. 

     As among the members of the two lifting groups created
hereby, the nominations and Liftings of such groups shall be
allocated based on a Party's prorata share of the combined
interests of the lifting group participants.  These percentages
are as follows:

           LASMO or UTP. . . . . . . . . . . 69.42148%

           Virginia International. . . . . . 20.66116%

           VICO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  9.91736%

     The agreement set forth herein shall remain in effect for so
long as (i) each of LASMO plc and Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
Inc., directly or indirectly through their respective
subsidiaries, continues to own fifty percent (50%) of the Unimar
Company, which in turn indirectly owns Virginia International and
VICO or (ii) the Agreement is terminated, whichever first occurs.

     If the foregoing fully and accurately sets forth our
agreement, please indicate your acceptance of this letter in the
appropriate space below.

                                   Sincerely,

                                   VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY 



                                   By:              /s/          

                                        Richard P. Bergsieker
                                        Vice President, Technical
                                        and Commercial Planning





RPB/sfw

File 246-2

ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                    
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED 

By:_______/s/_____________________________



ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                   
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.

By:_______/s/_____________________________



ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                   
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED

By:_______/s/_____________________________



ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                   
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.

By:_______/s/_____________________________









ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                   
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY

By:_______/s/_____________________________



ACCEPTED and AGREED to                                                   
this ________ day of _______________, 1993
 
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

By:_______/s/_____________________________










                                      
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
