-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 O3ziQHmFjCIdK6FO2+6eJdALuJJRGoGz0hkaUtBqK+jtssS+ZPB2lfWuKVeZ/0K0
 AP4XLDngQNzby1F20r5GVA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000752290-96-000002.txt : 19960321
<SEC-HEADER>0000752290-96-000002.hdr.sgml : 19960321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000752290-96-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19951231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960320
SROS:			AMEX

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIMAR CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000752290
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				760108240
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08791
		FILM NUMBER:		96536555

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1221 MCKINNEY STE 600
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9143332000
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                                  PART I
Item 1.  Business

General

     Unimar Company (the Company) was organized as a general
partnership in 1984 under the Texas Uniform Partnership Act.  The
partners are LASMO (Ustar), Inc. (Ustar), a Delaware corporation
and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of LASMO plc (LASMO), a
public limited company organized under the laws of England, and
Unistar, Inc. (Unistar), a Delaware corporation and a direct
subsidiary of Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc. (UTPH), a
publicly-traded Delaware corporation.  

     The Company's sole business is its ownership of ENSTAR
Corporation (ENSTAR) which, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Virginia International Company (INTERNATIONAL) and Virginia
Indonesia Company (VICO), has a 23.125 percent working interest in,
and is the operator of, a joint venture (the Joint Venture) for the
exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas
(gas) in East Kalimantan, Indonesia, under a production sharing
contract (Production Sharing Contract or PSC) with Perusahaan
Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina), the state
petroleum enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia.  The majority of
the revenue derived from the Joint Venture results from the sale of
liquefied natural gas (LNG).  Currently, the LNG is sold to utility
and industrial companies in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea.  See
"The Joint Venture" below.

     Effective April 1, 1996, the principal executive offices of
the Company will move to 1221 McKinney, Suite 700, Houston, Texas 
77010-2015 and its telephone number will be (713) 754-6650.  A
Management Board consisting of six members, three appointed by each
partner, exercises management, budgeting and financial control of
the Company.  As of December 31, 1995, VICO, in its capacity as the
Joint Venture operator, had approximately 2,000 employees in the
United States and Indonesia.  The Company presently does not have
any other employees.  All aspects of the Company's business that
are not associated with the management of the Joint Venture, such
as operations, legal, accounting, tax and other management
functions, are supplied either by VICO or employees of the partners
in accordance with management agreements.

     The Company can give no assurance as to the future trend of
its business and earnings, or as to future events and developments
that could affect the Company in particular or the oil industry in
general.  These include such matters as environmental quality
control standards, new discoveries of hydrocarbons, and the demand
for petroleum products.  Furthermore, the Company's business could
be materially affected by future events including price changes or
controls, payment delays, increased expenditures, legislation and
regulations affecting the Company's business, expropriation of
assets, renegotiation of contracts with foreign governments,
political instability, currency exchange and repatriation losses,
taxes, litigation, the competitive environment, and international
economic and political developments including actions of members of
the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).  See Item
7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.

Description of the Company's Indonesian Participating Units

     (a)  Market information.  The Company's Indonesian
Participating Units (IPUs) are listed for trading on the American
Stock Exchange under the symbol "UMR."  The following table shows
the reported high and low sales prices of the IPUs on a quarterly
basis:

                INDONESIAN PARTICIPATING UNITS' PRICE RANGE

         First Qtr.     Second Qtr.    Third Qtr.     Fourth Qtr.

1995                                                       
High        9-5/8         10              9-5/8         5-1/4   
Low         9              9-1/16         4-7/8         3-5/8

1994
High        9-1/2         10             10            10   
Low         8-3/8          8-1/2          9-1/8         9    

Source of prices:  American Stock Exchange

    (b)   Holders.  As of February 14, 1996, 10,778,590 IPUs were
outstanding and held by approximately 3,650 holders of record.

    (c)   Payments per Indonesian Participating Unit.


Period                            Payment Date           Payment

First Quarter  - 1994             May 31, 1994             0.60
Second Quarter - 1994             August 29, 1994          0.29
Third Quarter  - 1994             November 29, 1994        0.45
Fourth Quarter - 1994             March 1, 1995            0.49
First Quarter  - 1995             May 30, 1995             0.48
Second Quarter - 1995             August 29, 1995          0.45
Third Quarter  - 1995             November 29, 1995        0.40
Fourth Quarter - 1995             February 29, 1996        0.43
    
Each IPU entitles the holder thereof to receive a payment
(Participation Payment) until September 25, 1999, at which time the
IPUs will expire with no residual value. The Participation Payment
for any quarterly period is equal to the product of (i) a fraction,
the numerator of which is 1 and the denominator of which is equal
to the number of IPUs outstanding on the last business day of such
quarterly period, multiplied by (ii) the amount by which cumulative
Net Cash Flow (as defined below) through the end of such quarterly
period exceeds the aggregate amount of all preceding Participation
Payments in respect of all IPUs.  If Net Cash Flow is zero or
negative for any quarterly period, no Participation Payment for
that quarter will be made.

    The amount of Net Cash Flow for any quarterly period is equal
to the product of:

    (i)   a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the
          number of IPUs outstanding on the last business day of
          such quarterly period, and the denominator of which is
          14,077,747, multiplied by

    (ii)  32 percent of

          (a) all cash actually received in the United States by
              INTERNATIONAL and VICO (for purposes hereof, the
              Special Subsidiaries) during such quarterly period
              from their aggregate 23.125 percent interest in the
              Joint Venture (or actually received by them outside
              the United States if they voluntarily elect not to
              repatriate such cash) minus

          (b) an amount equal to the sum of the aggregate amount
              of all accruals or expenditures made by the Special
              Subsidiaries during such quarterly period as a
              result of their interest in the Joint Venture,
              foreign or domestic taxes paid by the Special
              Subsidiaries, any award, judgment or settlement and
              related legal fees incurred by the Special
              Subsidiaries, certain operating expenses incurred
              by the Special Subsidiaries, and the amortization
              of capitalized advances made by the Special
              Subsidiaries for certain major capital
              expenditures, together with interest thereon.

    Participation Payments for any quarterly period will be paid
60 days in arrears to holders of record on the date 45 days after
the last day of the period.  Participation Payments of less than
$0.01 per IPU for any quarterly period will be accumulated and paid
when Participation Payments in any succeeding quarter, together
with previously unpaid amounts, exceed $0.01 per IPU.

<PAGE>
                                 BUSINESS
The Joint Venture

    The Joint Venture participants are INTERNATIONAL (15.625%),
VICO (7.5%), LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited (an indirect subsidiary of
LASMO) (26.25%), Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited (an indirect
subsidiary of UTPH) (26.25%), and Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.
(a subsidiary of a consortium led by Japan Petroleum Exploration
Co., Ltd.) (4.375%).  In addition, Opicoil Houston, Inc. (an
affiliate of the Chinese Petroleum Corporation) holds a 16.67
percent equity interest and a 20 percent voting interest, with the
remaining 3.33 percent non-voting equity interest held by assignees
of Opicoil Houston, Inc.  VICO in its capacity as the Joint Venture
operator conducts exploration and development activities within the
PSC area.  The cost of such activities is funded by the Joint
Venture participants.  The vote of participants holding 66-2/3
percent of the total ownership is generally required for approval
of significant matters pertaining to the Joint Venture.

                Terms of Production Sharing Contract

    Under a PSC with Pertamina that was amended and extended in
1990 until August 7, 2018, the Joint Venture is authorized to
explore for, develop, and produce petroleum reserves in an
approximate 1.1 million acre area in East Kalimantan (East
Kalimantan Contract Area).  In accordance with the requirements of
the PSC, during both 1991 and 1994, the Joint Venture selectively
relinquished approximately 10 percent of the PSC area.  The Joint
Venture must relinquish a further 10 percent of the PSC area by
August 7, 1998; 10 percent by December 31, 2000; 15 percent by
December 31, 2002 and 15 percent by December 31, 2004.  However,
the Joint Venture is not required to relinquish any of the PSC area
in which oil or gas is held for production.  Additionally, pursuant
to the terms of the PSC, the Joint Venture, having produced 185
million barrels of oil, paid Pertamina a $5 million non-cost
recoverable bonus in March 1993.

    Under the PSC, the Joint Venture participants are entitled to
recover cumulative operating and certain capital costs out of the
crude oil, condensate and gas produced each year, and to receive a
share of the remaining crude oil and condensate production and a
share of the remaining revenues from the sale of gas on an after-
Indonesian tax basis.  The method of recovery of capital costs is
a system of depreciation and amortization that is similar to U.S.
tax accounting methods.

    The share of revenues from the sale of gas after cost recovery
through August 7, 1998 will remain at 35 percent to the Joint
Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 65 percent to Pertamina. 
The split after August 7, 1998 will be 25 percent to the Joint
Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 75 percent to Pertamina
for gas sales under the 1973 LNG Sales Contract, the 1981 LNG Sales
Contract and extension,  Korean carryover quantities and the seven
1986 liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) Sales Contracts to the extent
that the gas to fulfill these contracts is supplied from the Badak
or Nilam fields.  For the gas used to fulfill the eleven-year
extension (2000 - 2010) to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract that is
supplied from the Badak or Nilam fields, 41.655 percent of such gas
shall be split 25 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian
income taxes and 75 percent to Pertamina with the remaining gas
supplying this extension to be split 30 percent to the Joint
Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 70 percent to Pertamina. 
All other LNG sales contract revenues after August 7, 1998 will be
split 30 percent after Indonesian income taxes to the Joint Venture
and 70 percent to Pertamina.

      Based on current and projected oil production, the revenue
split from oil sales after cost recovery through August 7, 2018
will remain at 15 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian
income taxes and 85 percent to Pertamina.  These revenue splits are
based on Indonesian income tax rates of 56 percent through August
7, 1998 and 48 percent thereafter.   

    In addition, the Joint Venture is required to sell 8.5 percent
(7.2 percent after August 7, 1998) of the total oil and condensate
production from the contract area for Indonesian domestic
consumption.  The sales price for the domestic market consumption
is $0.20 per barrel with respect to fields commencing production
prior to February 23, 1989.  For fields commencing production after
that date, domestic market consumption is priced at 10 percent of
the weighted average price of crude oil sold from such fields. 
However, for the first sixty consecutive months of production from
new fields, domestic market consumption is priced at the official
Indonesian Crude Price (ICP).  The participants' remaining oil and
condensate production is generally sold in world markets.  

    The Joint Venture has no ownership interest in the oil and gas
reserves.  The Joint Venture has long-term supply agreements with
Pertamina for the supply of gas and petroleum gas to be liquefied
at a liquefaction plant owned by Pertamina at Bontang Bay (the LNG
Plant) and sold to certain buyers pursuant to sales contracts.  The
Joint Venture, other participating production sharing contractors
and Pertamina together market the LNG and the LPG produced at the
LNG Plant and LPG facilities and, as to the amounts allocable to
the PSC, the Joint Venture and Pertamina divide the net proceeds in
accordance with the percentages set out above.

    Payment for LNG and LPG is made in U. S. dollars to a U. S.
bank as trustee for Pertamina, the Joint Venture, other
participating production sharing contractors and lenders that have
provided funds to build the LNG Plant and the LPG facilities.  The
LNG Plant's processing costs, principal and interest payable on
borrowings from such lenders, transportation costs, and certain
other miscellaneous costs are deducted from the gross LNG and LPG
sales proceeds.  The remaining amount represents the net proceeds
for gas delivered to the LNG Plant and is divided among Pertamina,
the Joint Venture, and the other production sharing contractors in
accordance with the terms of their respective agreements.

                       Exploration and Development 

    From inception in 1972 up to and including December 31, 1995,
the following wells were drilled in the East Kalimantan Contract
Area:

                           Total    Completed
    Field                  Wells    Productive    Dry   Suspended
   Location               Drilled     Wells      Holes    Wells  

    Badak                   188        178         7        3
    Nilam                   167        167         -        -
    Semberah                 59         53         4        2
    Mutiara                  59         51         7        1
    Pamaguan                 32         26         6        -
    Wailawi                   6          6         -        -
    Other                    46          6        31        9

    Totals                  557        487        55       15

    There are four significant fields in the East Kalimantan
Contract Area, namely, Badak, Nilam, Semberah, and Mutiara. The
Badak field is in the northeast portion of the East Kalimantan
Contract Area, and the Nilam field is located immediately south of
the Badak field.  Total Indonesie and Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
(the Total Group), who are not parties to the Joint Venture but
have interests in the Nilam and Badak fields, are parties to
unitization agreements with the Joint Venture in both fields.  All
gas and condensate from the Badak and Nilam fields and all oil from
the Nilam field, as well as all allowable costs incurred in
connection therewith, are deemed attributable to the Joint Venture
and the Total Group in the ratio of their respective participating
interests under the Badak and Nilam unitization agreements.  VICO
acts as operator for the Joint Venture and the Total Group in both
fields.  The Joint Venture has a full interest in the Semberah and
Mutiara fields, and VICO acts as operator for these fields as well.
See "Business - The Joint Venture."  The Joint Venture is also
producing from other fields in the East Kalimantan Contract Area
including Pamaguan, and Wailawi.

    The tables below summarize completed exploratory and
development drilling from 1993 through 1995 for the East Kalimantan
Contract Area.

                           EXPLORATORY DRILLING

                    Wells                      Dry
         Year      Drilled     Discoveries    Holes
         
         1993         3             -           3  
         1994         2             1           1
         1995         -             -           -

         Totals       5             1           4

                  DEVELOPMENT OR FIELD EXTENSION DRILLING

                              Completed        
            Wells     For      For    For Dual       Dry
 Year      Drilled    Gas      Oil    Oil & Gas     Holes

 1993        31       25        1         3            2
 1994        20       10        1         8            1
 1995        16        7        2         7            -

 Totals      67       42        4        18            3

    Of 487 completed productive wells in the East Kalimantan
Contract Area, approximately 282 contain more than one completion
in the same bore hole.

    Two wells were in progress as of December 31, 1995.  These
include wells that were drilled but not completed at the end of
1995.  None of the suspended or "in-progress" wells are included in
the tables above.

    The Company's share of the costs of the above wells ranged
from 18.53 percent to 23.125 percent.

LNG Sales

    The following table sets forth total gas liquefied and sold as
LNG, the Company's net share of such production (calculated on a
million cubic feet equivalency basis as described in Note (a)
below), average sales prices (excluding transportation costs) and
production (lifting) costs of such production for the years 1993
through 1995.

                                  Years ended December 31,      
                              1995           1994         1993      
          
Gross LNG Sales(MMCF) (a)    636,339       646,902       561,305

Company's Share of LNG
 Sales (MMCF)                 80,734        84,497       77,057

Average Sales Price
 per MCF (b)                   $2.96         $2.79        $3.12

Average Production (Lifting) 
 Cost per MCF                  $0.20         $0.18        $0.18

(a)      Represents the volumes of LNG delivered and sold to purchasers
         which is measured by its British Thermal Unit (BTU) content
         and, for purposes of this table, has been converted to MMCF
         equivalents based on a ratio of approximately 1.107 billion
         BTUs per MMCF of gas.  The Gas Production for LNG includes
         production attributable to UNOCAL Indonesia Company, the Total
         Group and Pertamina.  The term "MMCF" refers to 1,000,000 cubic
         feet of gas measured at 60 degrees Fahrenheit and 14.7 pounds
         per square inch of pressure.

(b)      The sales price is based on the average sales price (excluding
         transportation) per MMBTU of LNG received by Pertamina.  The
         term "MMBTU" refers to 1,000,000 British Thermal Units.  The
         sales price per MMBTU has been converted to a price per MCF
         based on the conversion ratio referred to in note (a) above. 
         The term "MCF" refers to 1,000 cubic feet of gas measured at
         60 degrees Fahrenheit and 14.7 pounds per square inch of
         pressure.

         The Company's production costs are small in relation to its
revenues because the Joint Venture's revenues under the LNG
contracts are net of costs associated with transporting and
converting the gas to LNG and shipping the LNG to the purchasers. 
Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment
and field facilities are considered to be production costs.

         During 1995, the Company's share of the Joint Venture's
expenditures was approximately $48 million, including $26 million
of development expenditures.  In 1996, the Company's share of the
Joint Venture's expenditures is expected to total $46 million,
including $3 million of exploration expenditures and $23 million of
development expenditures.  The 1996 budgeted expenditures primarily
reflect continued development drilling required to maintain
adequate gas deliverability and to maximize cash flow. 

Reserves

         The Company files no reports which include estimates of oil or
gas reserves with any federal agency other than the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

         The estimated proved reserves of gas and of oil and condensate
as of December 31, 1992, 1993, 1994 and 1995 attributable to the
Joint Venture's interest in the PSC in East Kalimantan were
prepared by petroleum engineers employed by LASMO, an affiliate of
Ustar.  Gross proved field reserves are as follows:

                              Crude Oil and         
                                Condensate               Gas    
   Total Proved Reserves     (000's barrels)         (Dry MMCFs)
   
Dec. 31, 1992                     146,055             7,436,171
Dec. 31, 1993                     203,068             7,187,995
Dec. 31, 1994                     224,995             7,149,560
Dec. 31, 1995                     196,892             6,636,127*

    * equivalent to approximately 6,465 trillion BTUs.

    The Joint Venture, and thus the Company, has no ownership
interest in oil and gas reserves but rather has the right to
receive production and revenues from the sale of oil, condensate,
gas, LNG and LPG in accordance with the PSC and other agreements.
LNG Plant

    Gas produced from the Joint Venture's interest in the PSC
reserves is liquefied at the LNG Plant, which is owned by Pertamina
and operated on a cost-reimbursement basis by a corporation in
which the Joint Venture owns a 20 percent interest.  The LNG Plant
currently consists of six processing units (trains) having a
combined input capacity of approximately 2.5 billion cubic feet of
gas per operating day and a peak production capacity of
approximately 639,000 barrels or 101,500 cubic meters of LNG and
28,000 barrels of condensate per day.  The five storage tanks at
the LNG Plant have a total capacity of 3.2 million barrels of LNG. 
Gas is supplied to the plant through three pipelines (two 36 inch
and one 42 inch) which are connected to the central gas facilities
at the Badak field, 35 miles south of the LNG Plant.  The six train
plant is one of the largest LNG processing facilities in the world
and has the capacity to deliver 275 cargoes per year. Since the
first shipment in 1977, the LNG Plant has delivered 2,506 cargoes.

    The LNG Plant has been developed in four phases.  The original
facility, which consisted of two trains (Trains A and B) and a
dock, was constructed with financing arranged by Pertamina with the
Central Bank of the Republic of Indonesia, a consortium of Japanese
banks and a corporation owned substantially by the Japanese LNG
purchasers, and became fully operational in August 1977.  Final
payment on the loans was made in the first quarter of 1990.

    Expansion of the LNG Plant from two to four trains (Trains C
and D) was completed in 1983.  Funding was arranged by Pertamina
with Japan Indonesia LNG Co., Ltd. (JILCO).  Final payment on this
financing arrangement was made in the third quarter of 1993.

    A fifth processing train (Train E) was completed in 1989 and
supplies LNG required for the Taiwan LNG Sales Contract with the
Chinese Petroleum Corporation (CPC), the state petroleum enterprise
of the Republic of China (Taiwan).  Project financing was arranged
through a trustee borrowing with a consortium of Japanese banks and
is supported by revenues from such sales contract, as well as in
certain limited circumstances by portions of other revenue streams.
The financing contains two tranches, with tranche A totalling
$176.4 million at a fixed interest rate of 11.5 percent, and
tranche B totalling $117.6 million at a floating interest rate
initially of LIBOR plus 1 percent; at December 31, 1995 the
floating interest rate was 7.0625 percent.  The financing is
repayable in graduated quarterly payments over ten years that began
in the fourth quarter of 1990.

    The sixth processing train (Train F) was completed in November
1993 and supplies the LNG required for the LNG sales contract with
Osaka Gas, Tokyo Gas and Toho Gas for the sale of 2,020 trillion
BTUs over a twenty-year period which commenced in 1994.  In August
1991, Pertamina and an international consortium of commercial banks
completed project financing of $750 million of which $699 million
was required to fund the construction of Train F and related
support facilities at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.25 percent;
at December 31, 1995 the floating interest rate was 7.1875 percent. 
Financial support for the financing is limited to revenues from
such sales contract.  The financing is repayable over ten years in
graduated quarterly payments which commenced in December 1994.  

    As a result of the production performance of Train E,
Pertamina made modifications to Trains A through D known as
"debottlenecking."  Trains C and D were modified in 1992 during
regularly scheduled maintenance shutdowns.  Likewise, Trains A and
B were modified in 1993 during regularly scheduled maintenance
shutdowns.  Capacity tests on all four trains exceeded design rates
such that Trains A through D are each now capable of LNG production
rates comparable to Train F, an increase of 14 percent, or 22
cargoes per year in total.  The total cost of the Trains A through
D debottlenecking project amounted to $79 million.  These costs
were funded through Package IV revenues.  (See description of
Package IV beginning on page 13).

    A seventh processing train (Train G) is being constructed at
the LNG plant to produce the LNG required for Package V LNG sales
contracts such as the 1973 Sales Contract Extension, the Korean
Medium Term Sales Contract and the Taiwan Medium Term Sales
Contract. Completion of Train G is expected in late 1997.  In July
of 1995, Pertamina completed project financing through Japanese
sources for Train G, a third LNG/LPG dock, an additional LPG
storage tank and other support facilities at the LNG Plant at a
floating interest rate based on LIBOR.  Project financing of up to
$969.5 million has been arranged, of which $125.0 million was drawn
down as at December 31, 1995.  The financing is repayable over ten
years in graduated quarterly payments commencing in the fourth
quarter of 1998. At December 31, 1995, the overall progress of the
Train G project engineering, procurement and construction was 26.8
percent.
    
    Pertamina, the Joint Venture and other production sharing
contractors are awaiting Indonesian government approval for the 
financing and construction of an eighth train (Train H), which
could come on stream early in 2000, to primarily support the
quantities of LNG required by the new Badak V Sales Contract and
Badak VI Sales Contract. 

LPG and Marine Facilities 

    The LPG processing facilities at the LNG Plant were
constructed concurrently with the fifth processing train.  The LPG
facilities were completed in 1988, at a cost of approximately $158
million.  Financing was made available to Pertamina through a
consortium of Japanese banks.  A significant portion of the LPG
sales proceeds is dedicated to the financing, which is repayable
through 1999.

    A second dock facility at the LNG Plant is used for both LNG
and LPG deliveries.  The portion of the second dock costs
attributable to the LPG trade was financed through the same
consortium of Japanese banks that financed the LPG processing
facilities at the LNG Plant.  Financing for the LNG portion of the
second dock was provided by a trustee borrowing from Japanese
banks.  Final payment on this financing arrangement was made in the
second quarter of 1995.
    
    Included in the scope of the Train G project is a third dock
to be used for both LNG and LPG deliveries, as well as an
additional LPG storage tank.

    The table below sets forth information regarding the status of
the major project financings incurred or arranged by Pertamina to
construct the LNG Plant:


                 Original   
                Principal/   Balance at   Final      Primary
                 Payment    December 31, Payment    Source of
 Financing        Amount        1995       Date     Repayment
                 (000's)       (000's)

Trains A & B 
 and 1st 
 Loading Dock    $771,500   $      -          -        1973 LNG Sales
                                                        Contract

Trains C & D      995,800          -          -        1981 LNG Sales
                                                        Contract

Train E           294,000    160,230       2000        Taiwan LNG Sales
                                                        Contract
Train F and
 Support
 Facilities       699,000    635,877       2004        Train F LNG
                                                        Sales Contract

Train G and
  Support
  Facilities      969,500    125,000 (a)   2008        Package V Sales
                                                        Contracts (b)

2nd Loading Dock
 & Train E 
 Support
 Facilities       135,000          -          -        1973 LNG Sales
                                                        Contract 

LPG Facilities    157,700     56,693       1999        LPG Sales
                                                        Contract


(a) Amount borrowed as of December 31, 1995.

(b) Repayment is scheduled to begin in 1998 principally from the
    proceeds of the Korea and Taiwan Medium Term Sales Contracts
    and, starting in 2000, from the proceeds of the 1973 Sales
    Contract Extension.

Marketing and Distribution of LNG

    Certain information regarding deliveries of LNG from the LNG
Plant is set forth below:

                                   BTUs        Average
               Number of LNG   in Trillions   Price Per
              Tanker Liftings  (Approximate)    MMBTU   

      1993           216            621         $2.82
      1994           247            716         $2.52
      1995           240            704         $2.67
    
    As a result of variations in LNG tanker capacity among the
various sales contracts, the measure of a net equivalent cargo has
been established.  One net equivalent cargo equates to the quantity
of LNG delivered for the Joint Venture's interest in a 1973 Sales
Contract shipment, or approximately 2,942 BBTUs.

    The Joint Venture and other gas producers in Indonesia have
the opportunity to participate in each sales package.  The Joint
Venture's equity interest in a sales package is based on its share
of gas reserves available for commitment to the package.

    The Joint Venture's allocation in the LNG sales contracts has
declined over time since the initial 1973 Sales Contract, when the
Joint Venture was virtually the only supplier to the LNG Plant, to
the present when there are two other major production sharing
contractors supplying gas to the LNG Plant and sharing in the
allocation of volumes.  Absent the discovery of significant
additional gas reserves in the Joint Venture's PSC, the Joint
Venture's participation in future sales packages will continue to
decline.

  The following table sets forth information regarding the LNG
Plant share of the LNG Sales Contracts grouped together by the
Joint Venture's participating percentages in the sales contracts
(each such group being referred to as a "package"):<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                               
                        LNG Sales    1995    Remaining          Base LNG Price
                         Volumes    Cargoes   Cargoes            Per MMBTU (a)  
Package and Equity        TBTUs    Gross/Net Gross/Net         12/31/95 2/12/95  
  Interest                            (b)       (b)           
                                             
<S>                      <C>        <C>      <C>              <C>       <C>     
Package I - 97.9%
1973 Sales Contract                                                            
Term:  1977 - 1999         267      61/59       93/89         $2.88     $3.03

Package II - 66.4%
1981 Sales Contract
Term:  1983 -2003        1,238      58/38      425/279        $2.87     $3.02
                        
Package IIIA - 50.0%
Korean Carryover Sales 
  Contract
Term:  1986 - 2006         158       5/2        55/27         $2.88     $3.03
                        
Package IIIB - 29.6%
Taiwan Sales Contract
Term:  1990 - 2009       1,246      31/10      399/126        $2.83     $2.98
                        
Toho Sales Contract
Term: 1988 - 1997           12       2/-         4/1          $2.88     $3.03
                        
Additional 1981 Sales 
 Contract cargoes
Term:  1990 - 2003         131       6/2        45/13         $2.87     $3.02

Package IV - 27.2%    
Train F Sales Contract
Term:  1994 - 2013       2,151      38/10      731/199        $2.71     $2.85

Korea II Sales Contract  
Term:  1994 - 2014         980      13/4       333/91         $2.73     $2.88

1973 Sales Contract Ext.
Term:  1997 - 1999         447         -       156/41             -         -

Medium City Gas Company
 Sales Contract
Term:  1996 - 2015         179         -       454/17             -         -

Other Sales Contracts                                                         
Terms: 1990 - 1999          28      13/3        12/3          $2.73     $2.88

Package V - 21.6% (c)
1973 Sales Contract Ext.
Term:  2000 - 2009       4,368         -     1,522/320            -         -

Korea Medium Term Sales 
 Contract
Term:  1995 - 1999         277      13/3        95/20         $2.87     $3.02

Taiwan Medium Term Sales
 Contract
Term:  1998 - 1999          46         -        16/4              -         -

Package VI (d)
1981 Sales Contract Ext.
Term:  2003 - 2008         942         -       325/(d)            -         -

Badak V Sales Contract
Term:  1998 - 2017       1,062         -       360/(d)            -         -

Badak VI Sales Contract 
Term:  1998 - 2017       1,756         -       572/(d)            -         -

Package VII (e)
1973 Sales Contract Ext.
Term:  2010 - 2010         436         -       152/(e)            -         -

1981 Sales Contract Ext.
Term: 2009 - 2011          565         -       195 (e)            -         -
/TABLE
<PAGE>
(a) Excludes transportation costs, where applicable.

(b) The gross cargoes represent the LNG Plant's deliveries; the
    net equivalent cargoes represent the Joint Venture's equity
    based on an average of 2,942 BBTUs per cargo.

(c) Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers reached final
    agreement on Package V revenue sharing percentages in June of
    1995.  The Joint Venture's interest is 21.6 percent.

(d) The Joint Venture's participation percentage in Package VI
    sales, which will be based upon reserves certified as of April
    1995, has not yet been determined and is expected in 1996. 
    The Joint Venture's percentage in Package VI sales is expected
    to be less than the Package V percentage.

(e) The Package VII participation percentage for the Joint Venture
    is not expected to be determined until 1999.  Absent the
    discovery of significant additional gas reserves, the Joint
    Venture's percentage in Package VII sales is expected to be
    less than the Package V rate.

    LNG is primarily sold under five long-term sales contracts
between Pertamina and buyers in Japan, Taiwan and Korea.  These
contracts are the 1973 Sales Contract, the 1981 Sales Contract, the
Taiwan Sales Contract, the Train F Sales Contract and the Korea II
Sales Contract.  The gas processed by the LNG Plant is supplied
from the Joint Venture's contract area as well as other fields in
which the Joint Venture has no interest.

    LNG sales contracts and amendments thereto are executed
between Pertamina and the buyers for the sale and delivery of a
fixed quantity of BTUs of LNG at a price that reflects an LNG
element derived from a basket of Indonesian crude oil prices that
is recalculated monthly.  A transportation charge is added to the
LNG element under all contracts except for the 1981 Sales Contract
and Extension, the Train F Sales Contract, the Korea II Sales
Contract and the Badak V Sales Contract, where the buyers bear the
risk of loss and the transportation costs.  In those instances
where the seller bears the risk of loss during shipment, the
cargoes are insured.

    The LNG to be delivered under the sales contracts is supplied
from the LNG Plant and from a separate facility at Arun in Sumatra
(Arun Plant).  The Joint Venture does not supply gas to the Arun
Plant or have any interest in revenues from the sale of its
product.  The allocation of contract quantities between the LNG
Plant and the Arun Plant is determined by Pertamina.  All
deliveries under the 1981 Sales Contract and Extension, the Taiwan
Sales Contract, the Train F Sales Contract, the 1973 Sales Contract
Extension, the Badak V Sales Contract and the Badak VI Sales
Contract are or will be exclusively supplied by the LNG Plant.

    In January of 1995, deliveries began under the Korea Medium
Term Sales Contract with Korea Gas Corporation for the sale of 315
trillion BTUs (108 cargoes) over a five-year period ending in 1999. 
The Joint Venture's participation percentage for this contract was
finalized at 21.6 percent in June of 1995 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers.

    In August of 1995, Pertamina executed agreements to extend the
1973 and 1981 Sales Contracts.  The 1973 Sales Contract Extension
involves the sale of 4,804 trillion BTUs (1,674 cargoes) over an
eleven-year period commencing January 1, 2000.  The 1981 Sales
Contract Extension involves the sale of 1,507 trillion BTUs (520
cargoes) over an eight-year period commencing April 1, 2003.  The
Joint Venture's participation percentage in deliveries for the
first ten years under the 1973 Sales Contract Extension was
finalized at 21.6 percent in June of 1995 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers; the eleventh year of
the 1973 Sales Contract Extension will be at a Package VII Joint
Venture participation percentage which has not yet been determined
but is expected to be less than the Package V rate.  The Joint
Venture's participation percentage for the 1981 Sales Contract
Extension, which is comprised of five years under Package VI and
three years under Package VII, has not yet been determined;
however, it is anticipated that the Package VI and Package VII
percentages will be less than the Package V rate of 21.6 percent.
 
    Also executed in August of 1995 was the Badak V Sales Contract
between Pertamina and Korea Gas Corporation for the sale of 1062
trillion BTUs (360 cargoes) over a twenty-year period commencing in
1998.  The Joint Venture's participation percentage for the first
two years of the Badak V Sales Contract will be at the Package V
rate of 21.6 percent.  The remaining years of this contract, from
2000 to 2017, will be at a Package VI participation percentage
which has not yet been determined but is expected to be less than
the Package V rate.

    In October of 1995, Pertamina executed an agreement with
Chinese Petroleum Corporation, under the Badak VI Sales Contract,
for the sale of 1,756 trillion BTUs (572 cargoes) over a twenty-
year period commencing in 1998. The Joint Venture's participation
percentage for the first two years of the Badak VI Sales Contract
will be at the Package V rate of 21.6 percent.  The remaining years
of this contract, from 2000 to 2017, will be at a Package VI
participation percentage which has not yet been established but is
expected to be less than the Package V rate.

    The Badak V Sales Contract and the Badak VI Sales Contract,
both shown under Package VI, are contingent upon Pertamina
obtaining Indonesian government approval for the financing and
construction of an eighth train (Train H).
     
    During the years ended 1995 and 1994, sales to Osaka Gas Co.,
Ltd., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., and The Chubu Electric
Power Co., Inc. each individually accounted for more than 10
percent of the Company's total revenues.

    Other Gas Sales - The Joint Venture is obligated until 2008 to
supply approximately 74 MMCF of gas per day to three local
fertilizer plants at a price of $1.00 per MMBTU subject to a
pipeline tariff.  In addition, the Joint Venture is required to
supply approximately 5 MMCF per day of gas to the Balikpapan
refinery at a price of $1.49 per MMBTU.  In 1994, Pertamina
executed a twenty-year contract, commencing in February of 1998,
for the sale of approximately 70 MMCF per day of gas to be supplied
by the Joint Venture to a local methanol plant at a price not less
than $1.25 per MMBTU for the first ten years.

Marketing and Distribution of LPG

    Pertamina has individual contracts with seven Japanese utility
companies for the sale and delivery of LPG through the year 1998. 
The LPG facility at the LNG Plant supplies approximately 800,000
metric tons per year under these contracts.  In 1995, 17 cargoes,
totaling 720,000 metric tons of LPG were shipped from the LNG Plant
to Japan at an average invoice price of $194.22 per metric ton. 
The Joint Venture was allocated a Package IIIB sharing percentage
for revenues from the first 350,000 metric tons sold, a Package IV
sharing percentage for revenues from the next 26,000 metric tons
sold, and a Package V sharing percentage for revenues from the
remaining 344,000 metric tons sold during 1995, after deducting
LPG-related operating costs and debt service.   

Marketing of Oil and Condensate

    Each party to the Joint Venture and Pertamina are entitled to
take their respective shares of oil and condensate in kind and to
market such shares separately.  The Company, through affiliates of
Ustar and Unistar, markets its share of oil and condensate f.o.b.
Santan Terminal, in East Kalimantan, independently of Pertamina and
the other Joint Venture participants.  The Santan Terminal
(operated by UNOCAL Indonesia Ltd.) is used for storing and loading
oil produced by the Joint Venture.

    Prior to July 1, 1993, the price for export sales of crude and
condensate reflected world market conditions at the time of sale.
Since that date, the Company's share of the Joint Venture's oil and
condensate, except for that sold to Pertamina for Indonesian
domestic consumption, has been sold at the applicable ICP for the
grade of oil exported. 
    
    Effective August 1, 1994, the Company has marketed for export
two segregated streams of crude oil, Badak Crude and Bontang Mix.
In 1995, approximately 78% of the Company's export sales were
Bontang Mix, the balance of approximately 22% being Badak. These
crudes have individual ICPs.  Since the inception of segregated
marketing in 1994, the ICPs have more closely mirrored world market
crude oil prices for each grade of crude oil sold.
  
    The sales price for the domestic market consumption is $0.20
per barrel with respect to fields commencing production prior to
February 23, 1989.  For fields commencing production after that
date, domestic market consumption is priced at 10 percent of the
weighted average price of crude oil sold from such fields. 
However, for the first sixty consecutive months of production from
new fields, domestic market consumption is priced at ICP. 

    Substantially all of the oil and condensate currently being
produced by the Joint Venture from the PSC area is being produced
from the Badak, Nilam,  Mutiara and Semberah fields.  The Company's
average sales prices and production (lifting) costs for 1993
through 1995 are:
<PAGE>
                                    Years ended December 31,     

                               1995          1994          1993
                                           
Total Oil & Condensate
 Sales (barrels) (a)       21,739,437   22,635,461   20,905,232

Company's Oil & Condensate
 Sales (barrels)            1,710,547    1,778,966    1,806,181

Company's Average Sales
 Price (per barrel) (b)        $17.18       $16.46       $18.31

Average Production (Lifting) 
  Cost (per barrel)             $1.21        $1.05        $1.11

(a) Includes production attributable to other contractors' share
    of unitized operations in the Badak and Nilam fields.  See
    "Exploration and Development".

(b) Excludes domestic consumption sales.  Also excluded are
    marketing losses incurred on the sale of the Company's share
    of oil for the first six months of 1993, which amounted to
    $0.32 per barrel. Effective July 1, 1993, the Company is no
    longer exposed to marketing fluctuations incurred on the sale
    of its share of oil and condensate.

Competition and Risks

    Indonesian oil competes in the world market with oil produced
from other nations.  Indonesia is a member of OPEC, and any OPEC-
imposed restrictions on oil or LNG exports in which Indonesia
participates could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

    In addition to the LNG being sold from the Arun Plant, LNG
plants in the Middle East, Australia, Malaysia, or elsewhere may
provide competition for sales of any additional Joint Venture LNG
to Japanese and other markets, beyond the amount under current
contracts.

    The Joint Venture's activities in Indonesia are subject to
risks common to foreign operations in the oil and gas industry, 
including political and economic uncertainties, the risks of
cancellation or unilateral modification of contract rights,
operating restrictions, currency repatriation restrictions,
expropriation, export restrictions, increased taxes and other risks
arising out of foreign governmental sovereignty over areas in which
the Joint Venture's operations are conducted.  The Company's
foreign operations and investment may also be subject to the laws
and policies of the U. S. affecting foreign trade, investment and
taxation that could affect the conduct and profitability of those
operations.

    All of the Company's oil and gas activities are subject to the
risks normally incident to exploration for and production of oil
and gas, including blowouts, cratering, spills and fires, each of
which could result in damage to life and property.  Production from
the LNG Plant, which is the source of most of the Company's
revenues, is subject to the risks associated with maintaining and
operating a complex, technologically intensive processing plant,
including the risks of equipment failures, fire and explosion.  To
the extent that the seller of the LNG produced by the LNG Plant
bears the risk of loss of cargoes, the seller is subject to the
usual risks of maritime transportation, including adverse incidents
arising from loading and unloading cargoes.  In accordance with
customary industry practices, the Company carries insurance against
some, but not all, of these risks.  Losses and liabilities arising
from such events would reduce revenues and increase costs of the
Company to the extent not covered by insurance.

Item 2. Properties

    See Item 1. Business.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

    The Company has pending litigation arising in the ordinary
course of its business.  However, none of the litigation is
expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    None.

                                  PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Shareholder
Matters

Refer to Item 12 for a description of the Registrant's Equity.

Refer to Item 1 for a description of the Indonesian Participating
Units.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

    The following financial data was derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company and should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included elsewhere herein.

                          1995    1994     1993   1992    1991
                                  (millions of dollars)

Operating revenues        $202    $198     $201   $206    $208

Earnings from
 continuing operations      40      36       30     24      18

Net earnings                40      33       30     24      18 

Total assets               407     422      449    472     500

Debt and security subject 
  to mandatory redemption    -       -       33     32      31

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations

Liquidity and Capital Resources

    Cash flow from operations amounted to $80.4 million in 1995,
as compared to $85.6 million in 1994.  The decrease resulted
primarily from lower volumes partially offset by increased prices. 
Capital expenditures of $26.3 million were primarily spent on
continued development drilling in the Badak, Nilam, Mutiara and
Semberah fields as was the case in 1994.  Net distributions in 1995
to the partners from the Company were $53.8 million (1994, $18.1
million).  The increase in distributions was primarily attributable
to the 1994 redemption of $36.4 million of debt as discussed below.

    On January 5, 1994, the Company redeemed its 8-1/4 percent
convertible subordinated guaranteed debentures, originally due in
1995, in the amount of $36.4 million at a loss of $3.1 million. 
The redemption was funded through contributions from the partners
of the Company. 

    During 1994, the Company paid the Internal Revenue Service
$4.0 million to settle its 1984 windfall profit tax dispute.  The
Company had fully reserved for this liability.  The Company
continues to maintain a reserve and accrue interest for the
potential exposure in a royalty dispute. At December 31, 1995, the
reserve totaled $4.2 million.

    The Company's ability to generate cash is primarily dependent
on the prices it receives for the sale of LNG, and to a lesser
extent, the sale of crude oil.  In the event cash generated from
operations is not sufficient to meet capital investment and other
requirements, any shortfall will be funded through additional cash
contributions by the partners.  The Company cannot predict with any
degree of certainty the prices it will receive in 1996 and future
years for its crude oil and LNG.  The Company's financial
condition, operating results and liquidity will be materially
affected by any significant fluctuations in sales prices.  

    LNG sales are made under five principal long-term contracts
and several short- and medium-term contracts with Japanese, South
Korean and Taiwanese industrial and utility companies.  The long-
term contracts contain take-or-pay provisions that generally
require that the purchasers either take the contracted quantities
or pay for such quantities if not taken; such provisions tend to
support the Company's ability to generate cash.  During 1995, 131
net equivalent cargoes were shipped, of which 121 were under these
long-term contracts (1994, 138 and 124 respectively).  In 1996, the
Company anticipates shipping approximately 142 net equivalent
cargoes.

    In January of 1995, deliveries began under the Korea Medium
Term Sales Contract with Korea Gas Corporation for the sale of 315
trillion BTUs or 108 LNG cargoes over a five-year period ending in
1999.  The Joint Venture's revenue sharing percentage for this
contract (included in Package V) was finalized at 21.6 percent in
June of 1995 after agreement with Pertamina and the East Kalimantan
producers.

    In August of 1995, Pertamina executed agreements to extend the
1973 and 1981 Sales Contracts.  The 1973 Sales Contract Extension
involves the sale of 4,804 trillion BTUs (1,674 cargoes) over an
eleven-year period commencing January 1, 2000.  The 1981 Sales
Contract Extension involves the sale of 1,507 trillion BTUs (520
cargoes) over an eight-year period commencing April 1, 2003.  The
Joint Venture's participation percentage in deliveries for the
first ten years under the 1973 Sales Contract Extension was
finalized at 21.6 percent in June of 1995 after agreement with
Pertamina and the East Kalimantan producers; the eleventh year of
the 1973 Sales Contract Extension will be at a Package VII Joint
Venture participation percentage which has not yet been determined
but is expected to be less than the Package V rate.  The Joint
Venture's participation percentage for the 1981 Sales Contract
Extension, which is comprised of five years under Package VI and
three years under Package VII, has not yet been determined;
however, it is anticipated that the Package VI and Package VII
percentages will be less than the Package V rate.     

     Also executed in August of 1995 was the Badak V LNG Sales
Contract between Pertamina and Korea Gas Corporation for the sale
of 1,062 trillion BTUs or 360 LNG cargoes over a twenty-year period
commencing in 1998.  The LNG plant will supply all volumes
delivered under this contract.  The Joint Venture's participation
percentage for the first two years of the Badak V LNG Sales
Contract will be at the Package V rate of 21.6 percent. The
remaining years of this contract, from 2000 to 2017, will be at a
Package VI participation percentage which has not yet been
established but is expected to be less than the Package V rate.  

    In October of 1995, Pertamina executed an agreement with
Chinese Petroleum Corporation, under the Badak VI LNG Sales
Contract, for the sale of 1,756 trillion BTUs or 572 LNG cargoes
over a twenty-year period commencing in 1998.  All volumes
delivered under the contract will be supplied by the LNG plant. 
The Joint Venture's participation percentage for the first two
years of the Badak VI LNG Sales Contract will be at the Package V
rate of 21.6 percent.  The remaining years of this contract, from
2000 to 2017, will be at a Package VI participation percentage
which has not yet been established but is expected to be less than
the Package V rate. 

    A seventh processing train (Train G) is being constructed at
the LNG plant to produce the LNG required for the LNG sales
contracts in Package V.  In July of 1995, Pertamina and an
international consortium of commercial banks completed project
financing for Train G, a third LNG/LPG dock, an additional LPG
storage tank and other support facilities at the LNG Plant. 
Project financing was for the amount of $969.5 million, of which
$125.0 million was drawn down as of December 31, 1995.  The
financing is repayable over ten years in graduated quarterly
payments commencing in the fourth quarter of 1998.  At December 31,
1995, the overall progress of the Train G project engineering,
procurement and construction was 26.8 percent.

    Capital expenditures of the Joint Venture relate to the
exploration and development of the oil and gas fields.  In 1996,
the Company's share of the Joint Venture expenditures is expected
to total $46 million, including $3 million of exploration
expenditures and $23 million of development expenditures.  The 1996
budgeted expenditures primarily reflect continued development
drilling required to maintain gas deliverability and to maximize
cash flow.

    The Company can give no assurance as to the future trend of
its business and earnings, or as to future events and developments
that could affect the Company in particular or the oil industry in
general.  These include such matters as environmental quality
control standards, new discoveries of hydrocarbons and the demand
for petroleum products.  Furthermore, the Company's business could
be profoundly affected by future events including price changes or
controls, payment delays, increased expenditures, legislation and
regulations affecting the Company's business, expropriation of
assets, renegotiation of contracts with foreign governments,
political instability, currency exchange and repatriation losses,
taxes, litigation, the competitive  environment  and  international
<PAGE>
economic and political developments including actions of members of
OPEC.

    The Company's revenues are predominately based on the market
price of crude oil, which is denominated in U. S. dollars.  Certain
operating costs, taxes and capital costs represent commitments
settled in foreign currency.  Currency exchange rate fluctuations
on transactions in currencies other than U. S. dollars are
recognized as adjustments to the U. S. dollar cost of the
transaction.

    The Company is unaware of any unrecorded environmental claims
as at December 31, 1995 which would have a material impact upon the
Company's financial condition or operations.

    The discussion of the Company's business and operations in
this report includes in several instances forward-looking
statements, which are based upon management's good faith
assumptions relating to the financial, market, operating and other
relevant environments that will exist and affect the Company's
business and operations in the future.  No assurance can be made
that the assumptions upon which management based its forward-
looking statements will prove to be correct, or that the Company's
business and operations will not be affected in any substantial
manner by other factors not currently foreseeable by management or
beyond the Company's control.  All forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainty, including those described in this
report, and such statements shall be deemed in the future to be
modified in their entirety by the Company's public pronouncements,
including those contained in all future reports and other documents
filed by the Company with the Securities Exchange Commission.

Results of Operations

1995 Compared to 1994

    Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 1995 were $40.1
million as compared to $33.1 million for the year ended December
31, 1994.  Included in the 1994 results was an extraordinary loss
of $3.1 million for the redemption of its 8-1/4 percent debentures. 
Net earnings for 1995 benefitted from increased oil and gas
revenues, lower depletion and exploration costs, partially offset
by higher production costs.  Cash flow from operations for the year
ended December 31, 1995 was $80.4 million as compared to $85.6
million for the year ended December 31, 1994.

    Revenues for the year ended December 31, 1995 were $202.0
million compared to $197.9 million in the prior year.  The increase
in revenues was attributable to increased average prices received
for LNG and crude oil sales, partially offset by decreased LNG and
crude oil volumes.  The Joint Venture's share of LNG volumes in
1995 decreased 18 trillion BTUs to 386 trillion BTUs (131 net
equivalent cargoes) as compared to 404 trillion BTUs (138 net
equivalent cargoes) in 1994.  The decrease in LNG volumes was due
to lower contractual commitments during 1995.  Crude oil and
condensate volumes net to the Company in 1995 and 1994 were 1.7
million barrels and 1.8 million barrels respectively.

    The average price received for LNG in 1995 increased $0.15 to
$2.67 per million BTUs as compared to $2.52 per million BTUs in  
1994.  The realized crude oil price increased $0.72 per barrel to
$17.18 per barrel in 1995 as compared to $16.46 per barrel in 1994. 

    The table below summarizes the volumes and average prices for
the Company's sales for the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994:

                                     1995        1994
     Volumes
     LNG (TBTUs)                     89.3        93.4   
     Crude (MMBBLS)                   1.7         1.8                  
     Prices
     LNG ($/MMBTU)                    2.67        2.52            
     Crude Oil ($/BBL)               17.18       16.46

    Production costs for 1995 increased $5.1 million to $24.7
million as compared to the prior year, due in part to higher
workover costs and an increased reserve for obsolete inventory. 
Depletion, depreciation and amortization for 1995 was $41.7
million, a decrease of $8.9 million, reflecting the lower levels of
production and the year's effect of reserve additions which
occurred during the fourth quarter of last year.

    Exploration costs decreased by $2.7 million in 1995 as
compared to the prior year due to lower seismic costs and the
absence of exploratory drilling.  During 1995, the Company drilled
no exploration wells, whereas two exploration wells were drilled in
1994, including one discovery.

    General and administrative expenses for 1995 were $1.5 million
a $0.4 million decrease from the prior year.  

    The effective tax rates for both 1995 and 1994 were 70
percent.  These rates were the aggregate of Indonesian source
income taxed at a 56 percent rate, and certain expenses
attributable to Unimar activities which are not deductible in the
partnership.

    Effective September 30, 1995, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 121, "Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be
Disposed Of."  This SFAS requires that an impairment loss be
recognized whenever the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum
of the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted) of the asset. 
Under SFAS No. 121, the Company performed its impairment review of
proved oil and gas properties on a production sharing contract
basis.  The adoption of SFAS No. 121 had no impact on the
consolidated financial statements of the Company.
<PAGE>
1994 Compared to 1993

    Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 1994 were $33.1
million as compared to $30.5 million for the year ended December
31, 1993.  Included in the 1994 results was an extraordinary loss
of $3.1 million for the redemption of its 8-1/4 percent debentures. 
Net earnings for 1994 benefitted from decreased interest expense,
depletion, and exploration cost partially offset by lower oil and
gas revenues.  Cash flow from operations for the year ended
December 31, 1994 was $85.6 million as compared to $81.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 1993.

    Revenues for the year ended December 31, 1994 were $197.9
million compared to $200.6 million in the prior year.  The decrease
in revenues was attributable to an 11 percent and 10 percent
decrease in the average price received for LNG and crude oil,
respectively, partially offset by a 9 percent increase in LNG
volumes.  The Joint Venture's share of LNG volumes in 1994
increased 35 trillion BTUs to 404 trillion BTUs (138 net equivalent
cargoes) as compared to 369 trillion BTUs (127 net equivalent
cargoes) in  1993.  The increase in LNG volumes was made possible
by the completion of the plant expansion in late 1993 allowing for
the commencement of two twenty-year contracts with certain Japanese
and South Korean buyers.  Crude oil and condensate volumes net to
the Company in both 1994 and 1993 were 1.8 million barrels.

    The average price received for LNG in 1994 decreased to $2.52
per million BTUs as compared to $2.82 per million BTUs in 1993. 
The realized crude oil price fell $1.85 per barrel to $16.46 per
barrel in 1994 as compared to $18.31 per barrel in the prior year. 
Additionally, the 1994 results benefitted from a favorable non-
taxable crude oil revenue final settlement from 1993 reflecting a
reallocation of certain capital expenditures from gas to oil.

    The table below summarizes the volumes and average prices for
the Company's sales for the years ended December 31, 1994 and 1993:

                                     1994        1993
     Volumes
     LNG (TBTUs)                     93.4        85.3   
     Crude (MMBBLS)                   1.8         1.8                  
     Prices
     LNG ($/MMBTU)                    2.52        2.82
     Crude Oil ($/BBL)               16.46       18.31

    Production costs for 1994 increased $0.9 million to $19.6
million as compared to the prior year.  Depletion, depreciation and
amortization for 1994 was $50.6 million, a decrease of $2.2 million
from the prior year, reflecting higher proved reserves partially
offset by  higher levels of production.  During 1994, proved
reserve additions included approximately 2.7 million barrels of oil
and 96.3 billion cubic feet of gas.

    Interest expense for 1994 decreased $4.5 million from the
prior year reflecting the repayment of the Company's  8-1/4 percent
debentures on January 5, 1994.  An extraordinary loss of $3.1
million was recognized due to the redemption of the debentures. 

    Exploration costs decreased in 1994 compared to the prior
period due to lower dry hole and seismic costs.  During 1994, the
Company drilled two exploration wells, making one discovery
compared to 1993 when the Company wrote off three dry holes.

    General and administrative expenses for 1994 were $1.9 million
a slight increase over the prior year.  

    The effective tax rates for 1994 and 1993 were 70 percent and
74 percent respectively.  These rates were the aggregate of
Indonesian source income taxed at a 56 percent rate, and certain
expenses attributable to Unimar activities which are not deductible
in the partnership.  The decrease in the effective rate was
principally the result of decreased non-deductible interest
expense.

<PAGE>
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


                       INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


To The Partners of Unimar Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Unimar Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows, and
partners' capital for the year then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As more fully described in the notes to consolidated financial
statements, the Company has material transactions with its partners
and affiliates.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Unimar Company and subsidiaries at December
31, 1995, and the consolidated results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.


                                       KPMG Peat Marwick LLP


Houston, Texas
February 12, 1996              

<PAGE>
 
                     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


To The Partners of Unimar Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of
Unimar Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1994 and the
related consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows, and
partners' capital for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 1994.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also
includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

As more fully described in the notes to consolidated financial
statements, the Company has material transactions with its partners
and affiliates.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Unimar Company and subsidiaries at December
31, 1994, and the consolidated results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.

                                       ERNST & YOUNG LLP



Houston, Texas
February 24, 1995              

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

<CAPTION>
                                                 UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                                    Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                    December 31, 1995 and 1994
                                                      (Thousands of dollars)

                                                  1995            1994
<S>                                           <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $   4,882       $   3,421
  Accounts and notes receivable                   7,415           5,882      
Inventories                                       9,839          12,467
  Other current assets                            3,372           2,682

    Total current assets                         25,508          24,452

Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
  Oil and gas properties (successful 
  efforts method)                             1,049,708       1,023,546
  Other                                           2,264           2,113
                                              1,051,972       1,025,659

  Less: accumulated depreciation and 
  depletion                                     673,543         631,499
  Net property,plant and equipment              378,429         394,160

Other assets                                      3,277           3,567

                                              $ 407,214       $ 422,179

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' CAPITAL
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                            $   2,394       $   2,620
  Advances from joint venture partners            2,777           1,629
  Accrued liabilities                            14,595          14,987
  Income and other taxes                         11,697          11,326
    Total current liabilities                    31,463          30,562

  Deferred income taxes                         158,364         162,966
  Other liabilities                              12,321          10,403

Commitments and Contingencies

Partners' capital                               285,066         298,248
  Less: demand notes receivable                  80,000          80,000
                                                205,066         218,248

                                              $ 407,214       $ 422,179

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>

                                                 UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                           Consolidated Statement of Earnings
                                  Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                               (Thousands of dollars)
<CAPTION>

                                       1995      1994      1993
                                                         
<S>                                   <C>      <C>        <C>
Oil and gas production revenues       $202,019 $197,925   $200,588

Production costs                        24,749   19,623   18,751
Depletion, depreciation and
 amortization                           41,717   50,554   52,710
Exploration costs including dry holes      102    2,787    4,947

Operating profit                       135,451  124,961  124,180


General and administrative expenses      1,460    1,923    1,778
Interest expense                            54       55    4,542
Interest income                           (313)    (274)    (309)
Other (income) expense                    (172)     624      (18)


Earnings before income taxes and       134,422  122,633  118,187
  extraordinary item

Income tax expense (benefit)
  Current                               98,883   90,661   90,876
  Deferred                              (4,602)  (4,240)  (3,164)
                                        94,281   86,421   87,712


Earnings before extraordinary item      40,141   36,212   30,475

Extraordinary loss on redemption 
  of debt                                    -    3,108        -

Net earnings                          $ 40,141 $ 33,104 $ 30,475


See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                 UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                    Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                                      (Thousands of dollars)

<CAPTION>
                                        1995      1994     1993
                                                       
<S>                                    <C>       <C>       <C>
Net earnings                           $ 40,141  $ 33,104  $ 30,475 
Adjustments to reconcile to net cash
 provided by operating activities:
 Loss on extraordinary item                   -     3,108        -
 Depletion, depreciation and 
     amortization                        42,044    50,889    53,087
 Deferred income taxes                   (4,602)   (4,240)   (3,164)
 Exploratory dry hole costs                  (6)     2,635    3,365
 Interest accretion                           -         -     1,473
 Loss on sale of assets                       -       710         -
 (Increase) Decrease in operating              
  receivables                            (1,533)    5,722     4,327
 (Increase) Decrease in inventories       2,628    (1,581)    4,257
 Increase (Decrease) in operating 
     payables and accruals                 (142)    5,482   (14,526)
 Increase (Decrease) in other operating 
  assets and liabilities                  1,890   (10,215)    2,245 
 
Net cash provided by operating 
  activities                             80,420    85,614    81,539

Investment activities:
 Capital expenditures                   (26,307)  (34,399)  (40,142)
 Proceeds from sale of assets                 -       382         -
 
Net cash used in investing activities   (26,307)  (34,017)  (40,142)

Financing activities:
 Capital contributions                   36,200    65,800    27,100
 Capital distributions                  (90,000)  (83,900)  (68,200)
 Debt repaid                                  -   (36,400)        -
                                       
Net cash used in financing activities   (53,800)  (54,500)  (41,100)

Increase (Decrease) in advances from joint 
  venture partners                        1,148    (1,960)    1,526

Net increase (decrease) in cash and
 cash equivalents                         1,461    (4,863)    1,823

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
 of year                                  3,421     8,284     6,461

Cash and cash equivalents at end 
  of year$                                4,882  $  3,421  $  8,284

IPU distributions paid                 $ 19,617  $ 18,539  $ 17,569

Interest paid                          $     46  $    331  $  3,072

Income taxes paid                      $ 98,512  $ 94,174  $ 88,787


See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
/TABLE
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                 UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                     Consolidated  Statement of Changes in Partners' Capital
                                           Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                                                      (Thousands of dollars)
<CAPTION>

                                           
                                 Ustar      Unistar      Total  

<S>                            <C>         <C>         <C>

Balance, January 1, 1993       $141,160    $152,419    $293,579

Contributions                    13,550      13,550      27,100

Cash distributions              (34,100)    (34,100)    (68,200)

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                        (64)        (64)       (128)

Net earnings                     15,238      15,238      30,476

Balance, December 31, 1993      135,784     147,043     282,827

Contributions                    32,900      32,900      65,800

Cash distributions              (41,950)    (41,950)    (83,900)

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                        208         209         417

Net earnings                     16,552      16,552      33,104

Balance, December 31, 1994      143,494     154,754     298,248

Contributions                    18,100      18,100      36,200

Cash distributions              (45,000)    (45,000)    (90,000)

ENSTAR pension liability 
  adjustment                        239         238         477

Net earnings                     20,071      20,070      40,141

Balance, December 31, 1995     $136,904    $148,162    $285,066



See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(1) THE COMPANY

    Unimar Company (the Company) is a general partnership
    organized under the Texas Uniform Partnership Act, whose
    partners are Unistar, Inc. (Unistar), a Delaware corporation
    and a direct subsidiary of Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
    Inc. (UTPH), a publicly traded Delaware corporation, and
    LASMO (Ustar), Inc. (Ustar), a Delaware corporation and an
    indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of LASMO plc (LASMO), a
    public limited company organized under the laws of England. 
    Each partner shares equally in the Company's net earnings,
    distributions and capital contributions.

    
(2) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    (a)  Basis of Presentation

         The Company's consolidated financial statements include
         the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries
         including its proportionate share of the activities of
         an Indonesian joint venture (the Joint Venture).  All
         significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
         been eliminated.

    (b)  Use of Estimates

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity
         with generally accepted accounting principles requires
         management to make estimates and assumptions that
         affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
         and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
         the date of the financial statements and the reported
         amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
         period.  Actual results could differ from those
         estimates.

    (c)  Inventories

         Inventories primarily consist of materials and supplies
         and are generally priced at the lower of cost (moving
         average cost method) or net realizable value.

    (d)  Accounting for Oil and Gas Properties

         Oil and gas exploration, development and production
         activities are accounted for by the successful efforts
         method of accounting.  Under this method of accounting,
         the cost of acquiring undeveloped oil and gas leasehold
         acreage, including lease bonuses, brokers' fees and
         other related costs are capitalized.  Provisions for
         impairment of undeveloped  oil  and gas leases are
         based on periodic 

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

    (d)  Accounting for Oil and Gas Properties (continued)

         evaluation and exploratory experience.  Costs to drill
         and equip exploratory wells that find proved reserves
         are capitalized while costs associated with
         unsuccessful exploratory wells are expensed.  Other
         exploratory expenditures, including geological and
         geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are expensed
         as incurred. Costs incurred to drill and equip
         productive wells, including development dry holes and
         related production facilities are capitalized.

         Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of successful
         oil and gas exploration wells and all development costs
         are determined under the unit-of-production method
         based on estimated recoverable proved developed
         reserves.  Leasehold costs of producing properties are
         depleted on the unit-of-production method based on
         estimated proved developed and undeveloped reserves.

         The Company generally provides for depreciation of
         other property, plant and equipment on a straight-line
         method over the estimated useful life of the assets.

         Effective September 30, 1995, the Company adopted
         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
         No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
         Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of." 
         This SFAS requires that an impairment loss be
         recognized whenever the carrying amount of an asset
         exceeds the sum of the estimated future cash flows
         (undiscounted) of the asset.  Under SFAS No. 121, the
         Company performed its impairment review of proved oil
         and gas properties on a production sharing contract
         basis.  The adoption of SFAS No. 121 had no impact on
         the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

    (e)  LNG Revenue Recognition

         The Company recognizes its share of liquefied natural
         gas (LNG) revenues net of Pertamina's plant operating
         costs, transportation charges and project debt service. 
         The Company is not a party to any gas balancing
         arrangements.

    (f)  Income and Other Taxes

         The Company is a partnership and, therefore, does not
         pay income taxes. Since the Company's subsidiaries are
         corporations, income taxes included in the accompanying
         financial statements represent the domestic and foreign
         taxes applicable to such entities.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

    (f)  Income and Other Taxes (continued)

         The Company's subsidiary, ENSTAR Corporation (ENSTAR),
         and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal
         corporate income tax return.

         Certain income and expense items are recorded during
         different periods for financial statement and income
         tax purposes.  Deferred income taxes are provided for
         these differences.   

         The Company follows the Statement of Financial
         Accounting Standards No. 109 (Statement 109),
         "Accounting for Income Taxes."  Under Statement 109,
         the liability method is used in accounting for income
         taxes.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and
         liabilities are determined based on differences between
         financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
         liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax
         rates and laws that will be in effect when the
         differences are expected to reverse.  An impairment
         evaluation, with reserves recorded as necessary for any
         tax benefit not expected to be realized, is required of
         deferred tax assets.  A current tax expense or benefit
         is recognized for estimated taxes payable or refundable
         on tax returns for the current year.

    (g)  Concentrations of Credit Risk

         Financial instruments which may subject the Company to
         concentrations of credit risk consist principally of
         short-term investments and trade receivables.  The
         Company's excess cash is invested in time deposits with
         major banks.  These deposits are purchased at a
         maturity of three months or less, and have minimal
         risk.       

         The Company's receivables consist primarily of the
         revenues derived from the sale of LNG under long-term
         contracts with utility and industrial companies in
         Japan, Taiwan and Korea.  The buyers of the LNG make
         payment in United States dollars to a U.S. bank as
         trustee for the Joint Venture and other parties.  The
         trustee, after deducting plant operating costs,
         transportation charges and project debt service from
         the gross LNG sales proceeds, distributes the net
         proceeds to the Joint Venture participants and other
         parties.  The Company's trade receivables at December
         31, 1995 result principally from sales of LNG and oil
         and are considered current and collectible, and
         collateral is not required to secure such receivables.
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

    (g)  Concentrations of Credit Risk  (continued)

         During the years ended 1995 and 1994, sales to Osaka
         Gas Co., Ltd., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., and
         The Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc.  individually
         accounted for more than 10 percent of the Company's
         total revenues.  During the year ended 1993, sales to
         Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., The Kansai Electric Power Co.,
         Inc., The Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., and Kyushu
         Electric Power Co., Inc.  individually accounted for
         more than 10 percent of the Company's total revenues.

    (h)  Fair Value of Financial Instruments

         The Company has various types of financial instruments
         consisting of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
         receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. 
         The carrying amount approximates fair value because of
         the short maturity of these instruments.

    (i)  Foreign Currency

         The functional currency for translating the accounts of
         foreign subsidiaries is the U. S. dollar.  Transaction
         gains and losses resulting from the effect of exchange
         rate fluctuations on transactions in currencies other
         than the functional currency are included in the
         determination of net income.

(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES 

    The Company, through its subsidiaries, has a 23.125 percent
    interest in, and is the operator of, the Joint Venture that
    has certain oil and gas exploration and production rights in
    Indonesia through a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) which
    was amended and extended in 1990 until August 7, 2018 with
    Pertamina, the state petroleum enterprise of the Republic of
    Indonesia.  In addition, other subsidiaries of UTPH and
    LASMO each own a 26.25 percent interest in the Joint
    Venture.

    Virginia Indonesia Company (VICO), a subsidiary of the
    Company, is the operator of the Joint Venture and is
    responsible for conducting exploration and development
    activities within the PSC area.  The cost of such activities
    is funded by the Joint Venture partners to VICO.  In
    addition to operating management responsibility, the
    operator acts as a custodian of Joint Venture cash received
    from its partners until disbursed in payment of operating
    and capital expenditures.  At December 31, 1995 and 1994,
    cash and cash equivalents included $2,777 and $1,629,
    respectively, advanced from the other Joint Venture
    partners.

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (continued) 
    
    The PSC permits the Joint Venture to recover their costs of
    exploration, development and production - including general
    and administrative expenses - from oil and gas revenues as
    follows: capital costs are based on recoverable double-
    declining balance depreciation over various useful lives,
    which average fourteen years; non-capital costs are
    recovered in the year incurred.
    
    The Joint Venture, and thus the Company, has no ownership
    interest in oil and gas reserves and related assets, but
    rather receives revenues from the sale of oil, condensate,
    liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and LNG in accordance with the
    PSC.  The Joint Venture is required to sell out of its share
    of oil and condensate production 8.5 percent (7.2 percent
    after August 7, 1998) of the total oil and condensate
    production from the contract area for Indonesian domestic
    consumption.   Such amounts were purchased for domestic use
    in 1995, 1994 and 1993.  The sales price for the domestic
    market consumption is $0.20 per barrel with respect to
    fields commencing production prior to February 23, 1989. 
    For fields commencing production after that date, domestic
    market consumption is priced at 10 percent of the weighted
    average price of crude oil sold from such fields.  However,
    for the first sixty consecutive months of production from
    new fields, domestic market consumption is priced at the
    official Indonesian Crude Price (ICP).  The Semberah field
    which commenced production in December 1991 is exempt from
    the domestic obligation pricing until December 1996.

    The share of revenues from the sale of gas after cost
    recovery through August 7, 1998 will remain at 35 percent to
    the Joint Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 65
    percent to Pertamina.  The split after August 7, 1998 will
    be 25 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian income
    taxes and 75 percent to Pertamina for gas sales under the
    1973 LNG Sales Contract, the 1981 LNG Sales Contract and
    extension,  Korean carryover quantities and the seven 1986
    liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) Sales Contracts to the extent
    that the gas to fulfill these contracts is supplied from the
    Badak or Nilam fields.  For the gas used to fulfill the
    eleven-year extension (2000 - 2010) to the 1973 LNG Sales
    Contract that is supplied from the Badak or Nilam fields,
    41.655 percent of such gas shall be split 25 percent to the
    Joint Venture after Indonesian income taxes and 75 percent
    to Pertamina with the remaining gas supplying this extension
    to be split 30 percent to the Joint Venture after Indonesian
    income taxes and 70 percent to Pertamina.   All other LNG
    sales contract revenues after August 7, 1998 will be split
    30 percent after Indonesian income taxes to the Joint
    Venture and 70 percent to Pertamina.<PAGE>

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(3) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (continued)

    Based on current and projected oil production, the revenue
    split from oil sales after cost recovery through August 7,
    2018 will remain at 15 percent to the Joint Venture after
    Indonesian income taxes and 85 percent to Pertamina.  These
    revenue splits are based on Indonesian income taxes of 56
    percent through August 7, 1998, and 48 percent thereafter.

    Pertamina currently sells LNG to Japanese, Korean and
    Taiwanese utility and industrial customers primarily under
    five long-term contracts that expire in 1999, 2003, 2009,
    2013 and 2014, respectively.  Contracted sales of LNG to
    these customers approximated 73 percent, 72 percent, and 68
    percent of the Company's gross revenues in 1995, 1994 and
    1993, respectively.

(4) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

    At December 31, 1995 and 1994, cash and cash equivalents
    included short-term deposits and highly liquid debt
    instruments, purchased at a maturity with three months or
    less, of $4,882 and $3,421, respectively.

(5) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Property, plant and equipment is as follows:

                                            1995         1994  
                                                   
    Oil and gas properties              $1,049,708   $1,023,546
      
    Less: Accumulated depletion            672,130      630,414
                                           377,578      393,132
    Other, net of accumulated 
      depreciation of $1,413 in 
      1995 and $1,085 in 1994                  851        1,028      
                
                                        $  378,429   $  394,160

(6) ACCRUED LIABILITIES

    As at December 31, 1995 and 1994, accrued liabilities
    consisted of:
                                              1995         1994

    Accrued IPU liability                  $ 5,629      $ 5,792
    Indonesian operating accruals            7,937        8,179
    Other                                    1,029        1,016
    
                                           $14,595      $14,987

<PAGE>
                      

                       UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(7) LEASES 

    The following is a schedule, by year, of minimum future
    rental payments required under operating leases that have
    initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of
    one year:

              1996                          $ 3,087
              1997                            1,562
              1998                              472
              1999                              411
              2000                              412
              2001 and after                     34

                                            $ 5,978

    The above commitments represent leases on the Joint
    Venture's U.S. and Indonesian offices, housing leases, and
    contract commitments with various suppliers which cover
    drilling services, geological services and office
    administrative functions, and are included net of estimated
    cost recovery.

    The Company charges its proportionate share of the Joint
    Venture's rent expense to operations for all operating
    leases.

(8) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES              

    At December 31, 1995, the Company had investment tax credit
    carryovers of $3,207 that expire in 1996 through 2001, net
    foreign tax credit carryovers of $32,324 for regular tax
    purposes and $141,712 for alternative minimum tax purposes
    both of which expire in 1996 through 2000.

    The Company has a minimum tax credit of $15,628 that carries
    forward indefinitely.  Deferred tax assets of $32,324 and
    $23,493 for foreign tax credit carryforwards and $3,207 and
    $3,523 for investment tax credit carryforwards at December
    31, 1995 and 1994, respectively, have been offset by a
    valuation allowance. 
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(8) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES (continued)
    
    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of
    temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
    and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
    amounts used for income tax purposes.  Significant
    components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities as of
    December 31, 1995 and 1994 are as follows:

                                            1995      1994  
              
    Deferred tax liabilities:

     Oil and gas proven property costs 
      capitalized for financial purposes
      and deducted for foreign taxes       $158,364  $162,966



    For financial reporting purposes, income before income taxes
    includes the following components:

                                  1995      1994      1993
                                                       
    Pretax income:
      U. S.                      $ (1,402) $ (2,423) $ (7,026)
      Foreign                     135,824   125,056   125,213

                                 $134,422  $122,633  $118,187


    Significant components of the provision for income taxes
    attributable to continuing operations are as follows:

                                  1995      1994      1993
                                                      
       Current:
         Federal                 $ 3,050   $ 2,884   $ 2,446
         Foreign                  95,833    87,777    88,430
                                  98,883    90,661    90,876

       Deferred:
         Foreign                  (4,602)   (4,240)   (3,164)


                                 $94,281   $86,421   $87,712

<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(8) INCOME AND OTHER TAXES (continued)
         
    The reconciliation of income tax attributable to continuing
    operations computed at the U.S. federal statutory rates to
    income tax expense is:

                                    1995        1994      1993
                                                      

      Tax at U.S. Statutory Rate   35.0%       35.0%     35.0%

      Foreign statutory tax rate 
       in excess of federal 
       statutory tax rate          21.0%       21.0%     21.0%

      Expenses not deductible in 
       calculating Indonesian 
       taxes                       11.2%       11.0%     12.8%

      U.S. taxes related to 
       foreign operations           2.3%        2.4%      2.1%
  
      Other                         0.6%        1.1%      3.3%
  
      Total                        70.1%       70.5%     74.2%

    <PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(9) INDONESIAN PARTICIPATING UNITS (IPUs)

    The IPUs were issued, with no assigned value, in connection
    with the acquisition of ENSTAR in 1984 and represent a general
    obligation of the Company to make quarterly participation
    payments until September 25, 1999, at which time the IPUs will
    expire with no residual value. The amount of each quarterly
    participation payment will be measured by a fixed percentage
    of Net Cash Flow (as defined below) from the Joint Venture. 
    While the amount of the Participation Payments, which are
    treated as reductions from revenues, will vary quarter to
    quarter depending upon the amount of Net Cash Flow, payment of
    the amounts due to the IPU holders is an obligation of the
    Company, not dependent upon the discretion of the partners of
    the Company.  The rights of the IPU holders are those of a
    general creditor of the Company and thus the IPU holders have
    no equity interest in the Company in the nature of a general
    or limited partnership interest or otherwise.  The IPU holders
    derive no economic benefit from the business activities of the
    Company other than the Joint Venture.

    Each IPU entitles the holder to receive, until September 25,
    1999, a quarterly participation payment equal to 1/14,077,747
    of 32 percent of net positive cash flow.  Net Cash Flow,
    attributable to IPU holders, is equal to the product of (i) a
    fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number of
    IPUs outstanding on the last business day of such quarterly
    period, and the denominator of which is 14,077,747, multiplied
    by (ii) 32 percent of specified revenues net of specified
    expenditures from the Joint Venture.  The above calculation
    was the result of negotiations among the parties to the 1984
    merger of ENSTAR Corporation into the Company and represents
    the amount of future income from the Joint Venture that the
    Company has agreed to pay to the former stockholders of ENSTAR
    in the form of payments on the IPUs.   If Net Cash Flow is
    zero or negative for any quarterly period, no Participation
    Payments for that quarter will be made.  The Company maintains
    an irrevocable letter of credit for the benefit of the IPU
    holders in an amount equal to 240 percent of the most recent
    quarterly distribution.  At December 31, 1995 and 1994, there
    were 10,778,590 IPUs issued and outstanding.  Based on the
    closing price on the American Stock Exchange of the IPUs at
    December 31, 1995 of $3.875 per unit, the outstanding IPUs had
    a total market valuation of $42 million.

<PAGE>
 
                     UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)


                     Calculation of Net Cash Flow and
                          Participation Payments


                                           1995          1994  

Positive cash flow:

  Gas receipts                           $185,710      $188,211
  Oil and condensate receipts              32,386        33,411
  Other non-revenue cash receipts from   
     Joint Venture                          6,973         5,370

    Total positive cash flow              225,069       226,992

Less negative cash flow:

  Expenditures to Joint Venture            52,230        56,150
  Indonesian income taxes                  95,478        90,264

    Total negative cash flow              147,708       146,414


Net positive cash flow from 23.125%
  interest in Joint Venture              $ 77,361      $ 80,578


Net cash flow for benefit of IPU holders $ 18,970      $ 19,724


Participation Payment per unit           $   1.76      $   1.83

<PAGE>
 
                     UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(10)     LONG-TERM DEBT
    
    The 8-1/4% convertible subordinated guaranteed debentures, due
    in December 1995, were repaid on January 5, 1994 in the
    principal amount of $36,400.  The debentures had a carrying
    value at December 31, 1993 of $33,292 resulting in an
    extraordinary loss on redemption of $3,108, which was
    recognized in the first quarter of 1994.

(11)     BENEFIT PLANS

    VICO has a defined contribution retirement plan that covers
    its eligible employees.  Although VICO expects to provide an
    annual contribution based on a percentage of each eligible
    employee's salary, the actual contribution is determined at
    the end of each year by its Board of Directors and may vary
    depending upon circumstances.  Defined contribution pension
    expense is funded by the Joint Venture participants and the
    Company's share of such expense for the years ended December
    31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 was $216, $211 and $263, respectively.

    VICO provides severance pay to its employees based upon salary
    and length of service.  Such severance pay is accrued over the
    service life of the employees and is funded by the Joint
    Venture.  The Company has provided approximately $2.0 million,
    $1.1 million and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31,
    1995, 1994 and 1993 respectively for its share of future
    severance payments.

    The Company has a defined benefit pension plan established by
    ENSTAR that covers ENSTAR's former employees who are
    considered terminated and fully vested.  ENSTAR's pension
    funding policy is to contribute an amount meeting the
    requirement of the Employees Retirement Income Security Act. 
    The estimated reconciliation of the funded status of ENSTAR's
    pension plan as at December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
    respectively was as follows:<PAGE>

                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(11)     BENEFIT PLANS (continued)

                                     1995      1994      1993  
    Actuarial present value of:

       Vested accumulated benefit
         obligation                $(18,233) $(16,155) $(17,763)

       Projected vested benefit
         obligation                $(18,233) $(16,155) $(17,763)
       Fair value of plan assets     16,287    13,902    14,902
       
        Unfunded projected benefit
         obligation                  (1,946)   (2,253)   (2,861)
        Unrecognized net        
         loss                           767     1,243     1,661
        Unrecognized net transition
         obligation                     803       837       872
        Adjustment required to 
         recognize minimum 
         liability                   (1,570)   (2,080)   (2,533)

        Accrued pension cost 
         recognized in the
         Consolidated Balance 
         Sheet                     $ (1,946) $ (2,253) $ (2,861)


    The minimum liability that must be recognized is equal to the
    excess of the accumulated benefit obligation over the fair
    value of plan assets.  A corresponding amount is recognized as
    either an intangible asset or a reduction to Partners'
    Capital.

    The pension expense for 1995, 1994 and 1993 was composed of
    the following:

                                     1995      1994      1993  

    Interest cost                  $  1,318  $  1,317  $  1,300
    Actual return on plan 
     assets                          (3,623)   (1,063)   (1,107)
    Net amortization and deferral     2,595        35        35

                                   $    290  $    289  $    228
<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
           (in thousands of dollars unless otherwise indicated)

(11)     BENEFIT PLANS (continued)

    The assumed discount rate used in determining the projected
    benefit obligation was 7.25 percent, 8.5 percent and 7.5
    percent for 1995, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The assumed
    long-term rate of return on plan assets was 8 percent for
    1995, 1994 and 1993.  Plan assets are invested in equity and
    fixed income securities.

(12)     CLAIMS AND LITIGATION

    The Company has pending litigation arising in the ordinary
    course of its business.  However, none of the litigation is
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's
    financial position or results of operations.  The Company also
    has a reserve of $4.2 million for potential exposure in a
    royalty dispute.  The Company believes it may have valid
    defenses against such claims.

(13)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

    All aspects of the Company's business that are not associated
    with the operating management of the Joint Venture, such as
    legal, accounting, tax and other management functions are
    supplied by VICO or employees of the partners in accordance
    with management agreements negotiated among the parties.  For
    the years 1995, 1994 and 1993, the charges approximated $500,
    $400 and $500, respectively.

    The Company holds demand notes in the amount of $40,000 from
    or guaranteed by affiliates of each partner.  These funds will
    be made available to the Company if additional working capital
    is required.

    In addition to acting as the operator of the Joint Venture, 
    VICO performs engineering, pipeline maintenance, and human
    resource related services for the operator of the LNG Plant,
    P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction Company (P.T. Badak). 
    During the years ended December 31, 1995 and 1994, VICO billed
    P.T. Badak $20.2 million and $21.8 million, respectively, for
    services rendered.  Accounts receivable from P.T. Badak
    approximated $2.3 million and $2.4 million at December 31,
    1995 and 1994, respectively.

<PAGE>
                      UNIMAR COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

    SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)

    The following items are contained in this section:

    (a) Indonesian oil and gas operations
    (b) Interim financial data


  (a) INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS

    The Company's estimated net share of Indonesian oil and gas
    reserves is shown in Table 1.  The estimated proved reserves
    of gas and oil and condensate as of December 31, 1995, 1994, 
    1993 and 1992 attributable to the Joint Venture's interest in
    the production sharing contract in East Kalimantan were
    prepared by petroleum engineers employed by LASMO, an
    affiliate of Ustar.

    Net share estimates are the Company's present best estimates
    of the share of proved Indonesian reserves attributable to
    revenue the Company would receive, before Indonesian income
    taxes, under the terms of the Production Sharing Contract, as
    extended through August 7, 2018 based upon assumptions
    regarding levels of Joint Venture expenditures over the life
    of the project, oil and gas prices, firm contract sales
    commitments and potential sales opportunities and  upon
    numerous other assumptions.  The Company has no ownership
    interest in the Indonesian reserves in place, but rather
    shares in production and revenue from the sale of oil,
    condensate, LPG and LNG in accordance with the PSC. The
    reserve estimates are subject to revision as prices fluctuate
    due to the cost recovery feature for field and other operating
    costs under the PSC and for changes in the Indonesian income
    tax rate.  Because of the number and range of these variables,
    no representation can be made that the net share estimates set
    forth below are accurate, and any changes in such variables
    will impact such estimates and the cash flows the Company may
    realize in the future.

    Oil and gas reserves are considered proved if economic
    producibility is supported by either actual production or
    conclusive formation tests.  Proved developed reserves are
    reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing
    wells with existing equipment and operating methods.  Proved
    undeveloped reserves are reserves that are expected to be
    recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing
<PAGE>
 
          INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)


    wells where a relatively significant expenditure is required
    to permit production.  These estimates do not include reserves
    which may be found by extension of proved areas, reserves
    which have been estimated considering known geological and
    seismic data and previous experience with similar reservoirs,
    or reserves recoverable by secondary or tertiary recovery
    methods unless these methods are in operation and showing
    successful results.  These estimates include reserves that are
    not currently under contract, but which management expects may
    be marketed during the remaining period in which the Company
    has the right to produce such reserves, but for which there is
    no assurance of sales.  Estimates of reserves require
    extensive judgments of reservoir engineering data and are
    generally less precise than other estimates used in connection
    with financial reporting.  Actual future revenues from proved
    reserves estimates may vary significantly from estimated
    future cash flows due to changes in prices of oil and gas, and
    in the timing of actual production in future periods.  Actual
    production and development costs will vary from those
    estimated due to inflation and other factors.

<PAGE>

INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)

                                      TABLE 1

                        Quantities of Oil and Gas Reserves
                      (Oil in Thousands of BBLS; Gas in MMCF)


                                           Oil        Gas    
                                         

Proved Developed and Undeveloped 
 Reserves:                               

 As of December 31, 1992                 11,288    1,026,340 

    Revisions to previous estimates       4,044      133,820 

    Production                           (1,778)     (84,920)

 As of December 31, 1993                 13,554    1,075,240

    Revisions to previous estimates       2,724       96,257

    Production                           (1,891)     (92,408)

 As of December 31, 1994                 14,387    1,079,089

    Revisions to previous estimates       2,916       (6,943)
    
    Production                           (1,753)     (88,830)

 As of December 31, 1995                 15,550      983,316
 


Proved Developed Reserves:

 As of December 31, 1992                  7,632      733,354

 As of December 31, 1993                 10,281      727,536

 As of December 31, 1994                 11,731      877,140

 As of December 31, 1995                 13,782      779,425

<PAGE>

INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)


Table 2 shows costs incurred in oil and gas property acquisition,
exploration and development activities.

                                  TABLE 2

            Costs Incurred in Oil and Gas Property Acquisition,
                  Exploration and Development Activities
               Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                          (Thousands of dollars)

                                    1995         1994       1993

Exploration costs                 $   102      $ 2,545    $ 5,223
Development costs                  26,157       31,878     36,328


Table 3 shows results of operations for oil and gas producing
activities.

                                  TABLE 3

        Results of Operations for Oil and Gas Producing Activities
               Years ended December 31, 1995, 1994, and 1993
                          (Thousands of dollars)

                                    1995         1994       1993 

                                                     

Revenues                          $202,019     $197,925   $200,581

Production costs                    24,416       19,618     17,836

Exploration costs                      102        2,787      4,947

Depreciation, depletion 
 and amortization                   41,717       50,554     52,710

Income tax expense                  94,311       86,357     87,640

Results of operations for
 producing activities (1)         $ 41,473     $ 38,609   $ 37,448


(1)   Excludes corporate overhead and interest costs.
<PAGE>
INDONESIAN OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS (continued)

     Table 4 shows a standardized measure of discounted future net
cash flows and changes therein relating to proved oil and gas
reserves using an annual discount of 10 percent and the Company's
net share estimates referred to in the preface to Table 1. 
Generally, estimated future cash inflows have been computed by
applying year-end prices of oil and gas to estimated future
production of proved oil and gas reserves.  Future development and
production costs have been computed by estimating the future
expenditures (based on year-end costs) to be incurred in developing
and producing the proved reserves, assuming continuation of
existing economic conditions.  Future income tax expenses have been
calculated by using the year-end statutory tax rate for Indonesia
of 56 percent through August 7, 1998 and 48 percent thereafter. 
Indonesian net cash flow estimates are the Company's present best
estimates of the share of future net revenues, after Indonesian
taxes and capital and operating contributions to the Joint Venture,
that the Company would receive if proved reserves are produced
under the terms of the PSC, as extended, based upon assumptions
regarding levels of Joint Venture expenditures over the life of the
project, firm contract sales commitments and potential sales
opportunities and upon numerous other assumptions.  Additionally,
the net cash flow estimates include amounts due IPU holders.

     Because of the number and range of these variables, no
representation can be made that the net cash flow estimates set
forth below are accurate, and any change in such variables will
impact the cash flows the Company may realize in the future.
<PAGE>
                                  TABLE 4

       Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows and
          Changes Therein Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves
                    At December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993
                          (Thousands of dollars)


                               1995        1994         1993   

Future cash inflows         $2,421,947  $2,372,316   $2,085,222
Future production and 
  development costs           (489,767)   (593,791)    (589,163)
Future income tax expenses    (948,669)   (874,477)    (740,808)

Future net cash flows          983,511     904,048      755,251

10% annual discount for
  estimated timing of 
  cash flows                  (488,307)   (442,377)    (375,500)

Standardized measure of
  discounted future net
  cash flows                $  495,204  $  461,671   $  379,751


The following are the principal sources of changes in the
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for proved
reserves during 1995, 1994 and 1993.



                               1995        1994         1993   
                                     (Thousands of dollars)

Standardized measure of discounted
  future net cash flows at 
  beginning of period       $  461,671  $ 379,751    $  520,810

Sales and transfers of oil and gas 
  produced, net of production 
    costs                     (180,507)  (176,275)     (177,720)

Net changes in prices and 
  production costs             157,100    159,985      (367,050)

Development costs incurred
  during the period             26,157     31,878        36,328

Revisions of previous
  quantity estimates           (26,301)    67,590       104,367

Accretion of discount           86,109     71,775        92,991

Net change in income taxes     (29,025)   (73,033)      170,025

Standardized measure of discounted
 future net cash flows at end
 of period                  $  495,204  $  461,671   $  379,751



Note:  The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows at
       December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993 included $54,805, $59,571 and
       $59,629, respectively, in future net cash flows attributable to
       IPU holders  (See Footnote 9).

<PAGE>

b) INTERIM FINANCIAL DATA (Unaudited)

   The following table shows summary quarterly data for 1995, 1994 and 1993:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        1st         2nd          3rd          4th
                      Quarter     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter

<S>                  <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Year Ended December 31, 1995

Revenues             $ 60,539    $ 53,261     $ 43,734     $ 44,485

Operating profit     $ 42,594    $ 36,271     $ 28,255     $ 28,331

Net earnings         $ 14,172    $ 11,022     $  8,296     $  6,651


Year Ended December 31, 1994

Revenues             $ 55,151    $ 42,717     $ 51,941     $ 48,116

Operating profit     $ 35,384    $ 26,018     $ 31,029     $ 32,530

Earnings before      $  9,818    $  8,509     $ 10,088     $  7,797
 Extraordinary item

Net earnings         $  6,710    $  8,509     $ 10,088     $  7,797
/TABLE
<PAGE>

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
        Accounting and Financial Disclosures.

    See Item 14(b).


                                 PART III


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

    The management, budgeting and financial control of the
Company's interest in the Indonesian Joint Venture operations are
exercised by a Management Board consisting of six members, three
appointed by each partner.  The following persons currently serve
as members of the Company's Management Board:

    GEORGE W. BERKO (age 49) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in May 1992. In January 1996 he was appointed
Controller of VICO.  Since May 1992, he has served as the Partners'
representative for Investor Relations, Treasurer and Chief
Financial and Accounting Officer of ENSTAR, ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc.,
INTERNATIONAL, and certain of their subsidiaries, and has been
LASMO America Ltd.'s Vice President - Unimar Accounting.  From
October 1990 until April 1992, he was Vice President, Controller of
Ultramar Oil and Gas Limited, and prior to that time, he was a
General Manager of American Ultramar Ltd. from December 1984.
    
    IAN D. BROWN (age 46) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1993.  He is also Director and
Chairman of ENSTAR and certain of its affiliates.  Since October
1995 he has been Director of Pakistan LNG Development for LASMO. 
From January 1994 to September 1995 he served as President and
General Manager of LASMO Companies in Indonesia.  In January 1993,
he was appointed Director, Indonesian Joint Venture for LASMO plc
and a member of the VICO Board.  Since May 1986, he served as
Commercial Manager for LASMO plc, and from February 1987, Managing
Director, LASMO Trading Limited, the marketing, trading and
transportation affiliates of the parent company.

    LARRY D. KALMBACH (age 44) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1993.  He is also a Director of ENSTAR
and certain of its affiliates.  Since February 1995 he has been
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UTPH.  Prior to that
he held several executive and management positions with UTPH
including Vice President - Finance from 1993 to 1995 and Vice
President and Controller from 1986 to 1993.
<PAGE>
    

    WILLIAM M. KRIPS (age 56) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in January 1987 and in May 1994 was appointed
Chairman of the Management Board.  He is also a Director of ENSTAR
and certain of its affiliates.  Since 1994, he has been Senior Vice
President of UTPH.  Prior to that time, he has served as Senior
Vice President - Exploration & Production, Senior Vice President
and General Manager - U. S. Exploration and Production, Senior Vice
President and General Manager - Hydrocarbon Products Group and Vice
President and General Manager - International Operations.

    ARTHUR W. PEABODY, JR. (age 52) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in February 1992.  He is also a Director of
ENSTAR, ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc., International and VICO.  Since May
1994, he has served as Senior Vice President of UTPH and has held
several executive positions with UTPH including Senior Vice
President - Exploration and Production, Senior Vice President and
General Manager - Hydrocarbon Products Group, Vice President -
Planning and Administration and Vice President - Acquisitions and
Planning.

    RICHARD L. SMERNOFF (age 54) was appointed to the Company's
Management Board in July 1995.  He is also a Director of ENSTAR,
ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc., INTERNATIONAL and VICO.  Since March 1,
1994 he has served as Finance Director of LASMO.  He has spent some
fourteen years in senior finance positions in the oil and gas
industry, most recently as Senior Vice President with Amerada Hess
Corporation in the United States. Prior to joining the Company he
was Chief Financial Officer of Datascope Corp.
 
    As set forth above, control of the Company's operations is
exercised by the Management Board.  The Company, a Texas general
partnership, does not have any Executive Officers.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

    The Company has no executive officers, and no members of the
Management Board are paid directly by the Company.  All members of
the Management Board are full-time employees of UTPH or LASMO, or
their respective subsidiaries, and do not receive from the Company
any remuneration for their services to the Company.  Moreover, the
Company has no employees who are compensated for their services to
the Company.  VICO and its subsidiaries, have employees who are
responsible for the daily operating activities of the Joint Venture
and are compensated by the Joint Venture.  See Item 13 below for
information concerning the Company's reimbursement to LASMO for
services rendered to the Company by one of LASMO's designees on the
Management Board.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
         Management.

    The Company is a Texas general partnership and as such has no
voting securities apart from the general partnership interests
owned by the partners.  The table below reflects the beneficial
ownership of 100 percent of the partnership interests in the
Company as of March 15, 1996:<PAGE>

                      Name and Address of  Amount Beneficially
Title of Class         Beneficial Owner           Owned       

General Partnership   LASMO plc                   50%
  Interest            100 Liverpool Street
                      London EC2M 2BB
                      England


                      Name and Address of  Amount Beneficially
Title of Class         Beneficial Owner           Owned       

General Partnership   Union Texas Petroleum       50% 
  Interest             Holdings, Inc.
                      1330 Post Oak Boulevard
                      Houston, Texas  77252


Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

    The partners of the Company provide management expertise,
office space, and administrative, legal and professional services. 
For such services, a management fee of approximately $455 and $434
was charged in 1995 and 1994, respectively, including $147 ($109 in
1994) paid in respect of Mr. Berko's services.

    The Company holds demand notes in the amount of $40 million
from or generated by affiliates of each partner.  These funds will
be made available to the Company if additional working capital is
required.

    As operator of the Joint Venture, VICO conducts exploration
and development activities within the PSC area.  The cost of such
activities is funded by the Joint Venture participants to VICO.  In
addition, VICO performs engineering, pipeline maintenance and human
resource related services for the operator of the LNG Plant, P.T.
Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction Company (P.T. Badak).  For the year
ended December 31, 1995 and 1994 VICO billed P.T. Badak $20.2
million and $21.8 million respectively for services rendered. 
Accounts receivable from P.T. Badak approximated $2.3 million at
December 31, 1995 ($2.4 million at December 31, 1994).<PAGE>

                                  PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports
         on Form 8-K.


    (a)(1)  Financial Statements listed below are included as 
            Part II, Item 8 hereof on the pages indicated:


              Independent Auditors' Report               26

              Report of Independent Auditors             27
              
              Consolidated Balance Sheet,
                 December 31, 1995 and 1994              28

              Consolidated Statement of Earnings,
                 Years ended December 31, 1995,
                 1994 and 1993                           29

              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows,
                 Years ended December 31, 1995,
                 1994 and 1993                           30

              Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
                 Partners' Capital, Years ended
                 December 31, 1995, 1994 and 1993        31

              Notes to Consolidated Financial
                 Statements                              32-45

              Supplemental Financial Information
                 (unaudited)                             46-52


All schedules are omitted as they are not applicable.<PAGE>

    (a)(3)   The following documents are included as Exhibits to
             this Report.   Unless it has been indicated that a
             document listed below is incorporated by reference
             herein, copies of the document have been filed
             herewith.

    (2)-1-   Merger Agreement, dated May 22, 1984, and Amendment
             Agreements thereto, dated June 8, 1984 and June 12,
             1984 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the
             Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the Company's
             Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

    (2)-2-   Agreement of Merger, dated as of August 28, 1984
             (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the
             Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the Company's
             Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

    (2)-3-   Divestiture Agreement, dated June 20, 1984 (filed as
             Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Registration Statement
             on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

    (3)-1-   Amended and Restated Agreement of General
             Partnership of Unimar Company dated September 11,
             1990 between Unistar, Inc. and Ultrastar, Inc.
             (filed as Exhibit (3)-4- to the Company's 1990 Form
             10-K (No. 18791)).*

    (4)-1-   Form of Indenture between Unimar and Irving Trust
             Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4 to the
             Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
             2-93037)).*

    (4)-2-   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October
             31, 1986, to the Indenture between Unimar and Irving
             Trust Co., as Trustee (Exhibit (4)-1 above) (filed
             as Exhibit 10.114 to Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
             Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-
             16267)).*

    (10)-1-  Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968, among
             Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International
             Company, Austral Petroleum Gas Corporation, Golden
             Eagle Indonesia, Limited, and Union Texas Far East
             Corporation, as amended (filed as Exhibit 6.6 to
             Registration Statement No. 2-58834 of Alaska
             Interstate Company).*

    (10)-2-  Agreement dated as of October 1, 1979, among the
             parties to the Joint Venture Agreement referred to
             in Exhibit (10)-1- above (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to
             Registration Statement No. 2-66661 of Alaska
             Interstate Company).*



             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
 

   (10)-3-  Amendment to the Operating Agreement dated April 1,
             1990, between Roy M. Huffington, Inc., a Delaware
             corporation, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, a Bermuda
             corporation, Virginia Indonesia Company, a Delaware
             corporation, Virginia International Company, a
             Delaware corporation, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, a Bahamian corporation, and Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc., a Liberian corporation. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-3- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No.
             1-8791)).*

    (10)-4-  Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract
             dated April 23, 1990 (effective August 8, 1968 -
             August 7, 1998) by and between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International
             Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
             Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and
             Huffington Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-4- to
             the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-5-  Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990
             (effective August 8, 1998 - August 7, 2018) between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             (Pertamina) and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.
             and Huffington Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-
             5- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-6-  Nilam Unit Agreement, effective as of January 1,
             1980, to establish the manner in which the Joint
             Venture and Total will cooperate to develop the
             unitized area of the Nilam Field. 

    (10)-7-  Fourth Amended and Restated Implementation
             Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings, effective as of
             July 1, 1993, among Virginia Indonesia Company,
             LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-7- to the Company's
             1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
   
             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
 

   (10)-8-  Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract, dated
             as of the 1st day of January 1990, by and between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
             Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Kyushu Electric
             Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation, Osaka Gas
             Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers. (filed
             as Exhibit (10)-8- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-9-  Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as of
             the 3rd day of December, 1973, amended by Amendment
             No. 1 dated as of the 31st day of August, 1976, and
             amended and restated as of the 1st day of January,
             1990 ("1973 LNG Sales Contract"), is entered into as
             of the 1st day of June, 1992, by and between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             a state enterprise of the Republic of Indonesia
             (Seller), on the one hand, and Kyushu Electric Power
             Co., Inc. (Kyushu Electric), Nippon Steel
             Corporation (Nippon Steel), and Toho Gas Co., Ltd.
             (Toho Gas), all corporations organized and existing
             under the laws of Japan, on the other hand. (filed
             as Exhibit (10)-9- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-10- Amended and Restated Supply Agreement (In Support of
             the Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract)
             between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
             LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
             Company dated September 22, 1993, effective December
             3, 1973. (filed as Exhibit (10)-10- to the Company's
             1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-11- Amended and Restated Badak LNG Sales Contract, dated
             as of the 1st day of January, 1990, by and between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
             Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka Gas Co., Ltd.
             and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers. (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-11- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-12- Supply Agreement, dated as of April 14, 1981 between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint Venture
             Agreement, including the Company. (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-12- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-13- Seventh Supply Agreement for Excess Sales
             (Additional Fixed Quantities under Badak LNG Sales
             Contract as a Result of Contract Amendment and
             Restatement) between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
             Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Opicoil Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
             Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company, dated September 28, 1992, but effective as
             of January 1, 1990. (filed as Exhibit (10)-13- to
             the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-14- Bontang II Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement
             Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991 among
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             Virginia Indonesia Company, Virginia International
             Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie,
             Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
             and Continental Bank International. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-14- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-15- Producers Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987
             by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina), Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
             Virginia International Company, Ultramar Indonesia
             Limited, Virginia Indonesia Company, Union Texas
             East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
             Huffington Corporation in favor of The Industrial
             Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-30- to the Company's 1987 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-16- Badak III LNG Sales Contract between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             as Seller and Chinese Petroleum Corporation as Buyer
             signed on March 19, 1987.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-
             16- to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).* 

    (10)-17- Badak III LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement, dated
             October 19, 1987 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the
             parties to the Joint Venture Agreement. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-17- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-18- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Korea II) effective
             May 7, 1991 between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
             Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea Gas Corporation.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-18- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*


             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
  

    (10)-19- Schedule A to the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
             (Korea II FOB) between Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea Gas
             Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-19- to the
             Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
    (10)-20- Bontang III Producers Agreement, dated February 9,
             1988, among Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
             Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint
             Venture Agreement. (filed as Exhibit (10)-20- to the
             Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
    (10)-21- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Producers Agreement
             dated as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total
             Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
             Petroleum, Ltd. and Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as
             Tranche A Lender, The Industrial Bank of Japan Trust
             Company, as Agent and The Industrial Bank of Japan
             Trust Company on behalf of the Tranche B Lenders.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-21- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
    
    (10)-22- $316,000,000 Bontang III Loan Agreement dated
             February 9, 1988 among Continental Bank
             International as Trustee, Train-E Finance Co., Ltd.
             as Tranche A Lender and The Industrial Bank of Japan
             Trust Company as Agent. (filed as Exhibit (10)-23-
             to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-23- Bontang III Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
             dated February 9, 1988, among Pertamina, Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
             International Company, VICO, Ultrastar Indonesia
             Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesia, Unocal
             Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
             Continental Bank International  (filed as Exhibit
             10.42 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s
             1991 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-24- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Trustee and Paying
             Agent Agreement, dated as of December 11, 1992,
             among Pertamina, VICO, Virginia International
             Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
             East Kalimantan Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesia,
             Unocal Indonesia Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
             Continental Bank International, as Bontang III
             Trustee  (filed as Exhibit 10.83 to the Union Texas
             Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1992 Form 10-K
             (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-25- Amended and Restated Debt Service Allocation
             Agreement dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
             Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Virginia Indonesia
             Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Tankships, Inc., Huffington Corporation,
             Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
             Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-
             26- to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-26- Letter agreement between Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Chinese Petroleum
             Corporation, dated December 1, 1989. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-27- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*
    
    (10)-27- Badak IV LNG Sales Contract dated October 23, 1990
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina), as Seller and Osaka Gas Co.,
             Ltd., Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as
             Buyers. (filed as Exhibit (10)-29- to the Company's
             1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-28- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, as Seller and Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd. and
             Nippon Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers. (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-30- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-29- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, as Seller and Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyer.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-31- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-30- Supply Agreement for Natural Gas to Badak IV LNG
             Sales Contract dated August 12, 1991 between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
             Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
             Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc.
             and Virginia International Company. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-32- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-31- Second Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
             (Osaka Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities) between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             dated September 22, 1993, effective January 1, 1991.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-33- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-32- Third Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
             (Toho Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities) between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             dated September 28, effective January 1, 1991.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-34- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-33- Eleventh Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess
             Sales (1973 Contract Build-Down Quantities) between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             dated September 22, 1993, effective January 1, 1990.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-35- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-34- Bontang IV Producers Agreement dated August 26, 1991
             by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil Houston,
             Inc., Virginia International Company, Ultramar
             Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total
             Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and Indonesia
             Petroleum, Ltd., in favor of The Chase Manhattan
             Bank, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-36- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-35- $750,000,000 Bontang IV Loan Agreement dated August
             26, 1991 among Continental Bank International as
             Trustee under the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
             Agent Agreement as Borrower, Chase Manhattan Asia
             Limited and The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as
             Coordinators, the other banks and financial
             institutions named herein as Arrangers, Co-
             Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers and
             Lenders, The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. and the
             Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Co-Agents and The Chase
             Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent. (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-37- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

    (10)-36- Bontang IV Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated
             August 26, 1991 among Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
             Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company,
             Opicoil Houston, Inc., Virginia International
             Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
             East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
             Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd.,
             Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and Continental Bank
             International. (filed as Exhibit (10)-38- to the
             Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
      
    (10)-37- Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement
             dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M. Huffington,
             Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia International
             Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
             Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan
             Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesie,
             Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
             and P.T. Badak Natural Gas Liquefaction Company
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-39- to the Company's 1988
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-38- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and National Federation of Agricultural
             Co-Operative Associations (Zen-Noh), as Buyer, dated
             February 21, 1992. (filed as Exhibit (10)-42- to the
             Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
    
    (10)-39- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
             Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
             as Seller, and Japan Indonesia Oil Co., Ltd., as
             Buyer, dated February 20, 1992. (filed as Exhibit
             (10)-43- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
             8791)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-40- Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract
             between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara (Pertamina) as Seller and Mitsubishi
             Corporation, Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum
             Gas Co., Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Kyodo Oil
             Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. and Mitsui
             Liquefied Gas Co., Ltd. as Buyers dated July 15,
             1986.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-42- to the Company's
             1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-41- Amendments to Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and
             Purchase Contract, dated October 5, 1994, between
             Pertamina, as Seller, and Mitsubishi Corporation,
             Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum Gas Co., Ltd.,
             Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Japan Energy Corporation,
             Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd., and Mitsui Oil & Gas Co.,
             Ltd., as Buyers.  (filed as Exhibit 10.88 to the
             Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1994 Form 10-
             K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-42- Bontang LPG Supply Agreement, dated November 17,
             1987, between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
             Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint
             Venture Agreement. (filed as Exhibit (10)-45- to the
             Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-43- Advance Payment Agreement between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
             and Arun Bontang Project Finance Co., Ltd., dated
             February 16, 1987 (filed as Exhibit (4)-15- to the
             Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-44- Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of ENSTAR
             Corporation, dated December 22, 1989, by and among
             Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar, Inc.,
             ENSTAR Corporation, Newstar Inc., Union Texas
             Development Corporation, Union Texas Petroleum
             Corporation and Ultramar America Limited. (filed as
             Exhibit (10)-47- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
             (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-45- Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of
             ENSTAR Corporation, dated May 1, 1990, by and among
             Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar, Inc.,
             ENSTAR Corporation, Ultramar Production Company,
             Union Texas Development Corporation, Union Texas
             Petroleum Corporation and Ultramar America Limited.
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-48- to the Company's 1993
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

            *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-46- Addendum to Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply
             Agreement (effective October 23, 1990), dated
             January 31, 1994, by and between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             ("Pertamina") and Virginia Indonesia Company
             ("VICO"), LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
             Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia
             International Company.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-48-
             to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-47- Memorandum of Agreement for Purchase and Sale of LNG
             During 1995 - 1999 between Perusahaan Pertambangan
             Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara ("Pertamina") ("Seller")
             and Korea Gas Corporation ("KGC") ("Buyer") for the
             sale and purchase of certain quantities of LNG. 
             (filed as Exhibit (10)-49- to the Company's 1994
             Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

    (10)-48- Second Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract,
             dated as of August 3, 1995 between Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             ("Pertamina"), as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power
             Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc/.
             Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel
             Corporation, Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co.,
             Ltd., as the Buyers, with related letter agreement,
             dated August 3, 1995, between Seller and Buyers
             (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Union Texas Petroleum
             Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for quarter ended September
             30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-49- Second Amended and Restated 1981 Badak LNG Sales
             Contract, dated as of August 3, 1995, between
             Pertamina, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co.,
             Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka Gas
             Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers with
             related letter agreement, dated August 3, 1995,
             between Seller and Buyers.  (filed as Exhibit 10.106
             to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1995
             Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-50- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Badak V) dated
             August 12, 1995, between Pertamina and Korea Gas
             Corporation.  (filed as Exhibit 10.107 to the Union
             Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1995 Form 10-K
             (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-51- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Badak VI), dated
             October 25, 1995, between Pertamina and Chinese
             Petroleum Corporation.  (filed as Exhibit 10.108 to
             the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1995 Form
             10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-52- Allocation of Supply Entitlements between the Arun
             and Bontang Plants for LNG Sales (effective January
             1, 1995).

    (10)-53- Memorandum of Understanding  re:  Supply Agreements
             and Package VI Sales dated and effective as of the
             27th day of October, 1995, by and among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             ("Pertamina"); TOTAL Indonesie and Indonesia
             Petroleum, Ltd., (collectively referred to as the
             "TOTAL Group"); Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
             (collectively referred to as the "VICO Group");
             Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., in respect of its
             interest in a certain portion of the Attaka Unit
             (referred to as "INPEX Attaka"); and Unocal
             Indonesia Company (referred to as "UNOCAL") (the
             TOTAL Group, the VICO Group, INPEX Attaka, and
             UNOCAL each referred to as an "East Kalimantan
             Contractor Group" and collectively called the "East
             Kalimantan Contractors").

    (10)-54- Package V Supply Agreement for Natural Gas in
             Support of the 1973 LNG Sales Contract Extension,
             dated June 16, 1995, effective October 6, 1994,
             between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
             LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
             Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
             and Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Union Texas
             Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter
             ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-
             9010)).*

    (10)-55- Package V Supply Agreement (1995 - 1999 LNG Sales to
             Korea Gas Corp.) dated June 16, 1995, between
             Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
             Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
             Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
             Company, Inc. and Virginia International Company.

    (10)-56- Package V Supply Agreement (1998 - 1999 LNG Sales to
             Chinese Petroleum Corporation), dated as of June 16,
             1995, between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia
             Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston,
             Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe
             Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
             Company.

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-57- Tripartite Agreement Regarding Producer
             Contributions to Dwiputrai Costs, dated as of
             January 1, 1995, by and among Perusahaan
             Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
             ("Pertamina"); Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("Mobil");
             and Virginia Indonesia Company, Total Indonesie, and
             Unocal Indonesia Company, acting on behalf of
             themselves and all other LNG producers in the East
             Kalimantan Production Sharing Contracts
             (collectively, the "East Kalimantan Producers").

    (10)-58- Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Badak
             Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of July
             1, 1995, among Continental Bank International, as
             Trustee, and the Producers (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to
             the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q
             for the quarter ended September 30, 1995 (Commission
             File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-59- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Loan Agreement, dated
             as of July 1, 1995, among Continental Bank
             International, as Trustee under the Bontang III
             Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, Train-E Finance
             Co., Ltd., as Tranche A Lender, and The Industrial
             Bank of Japan Trust Company, as Agent on behalf of
             the Majority Tranche B Lenders (filed as Exhibit
             10.6 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings., Inc.
             Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1995
             (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-60- Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bontang
             Excess Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
             dated as of July 1, 1995, among Continental Bank
             International, as Trustee, and the Producers (filed
             as Exhibit 10.5 to the Union Texas Petroleum
             Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
             September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-61- Bontang V Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1995,
             among BankAmerica International, as Trustee under
             the Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, as
             Borrower, Bontang Train-G Project Finance Co., Ltd.
             ("Tranche A Lender"), the banks named therein as
             Tranche B Lenders, The Long-Term Credit Bank of
             Japan, Limited, New York Branch ("Facility Agent"),
             The Fuji Bank, Limited ("Intercreditor Agent"),
             Credit Lyonnais ("Technical Agent"), and Credit
             Lyonnais, The Fuji Bank, Limited and The Long-Term
             Credit Bank of Japan, Limited (collectively, the
             "Arrangers") (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Union
             Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the
             quarter ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File
             No. 1-9019)).*

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

    (10)-62- Bontang V Producers Agreement, dated as of July 1,
             1995, by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
             Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL Houston,
             Inc., Virginia International Company, LASMO Sanga
             Sanga Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
             Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie,
             Unocal Indonesia Company and Indonesia Petroleum,
             Ltd. (collectively, the "Producers"), in favor of
             the Tranche A Lender, Facility Agent, Intercreditor
             Agent, Technical agent and Arrangers (filed as
             Exhibit 10.2 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
             Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
             1995 (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

    (10)-63- Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated
             as of July 1, 1995, among the Producers and
             BankAmerica International, as Trustee and Paying
             Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Union Texas
             Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter
             ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-
             9019)).*

    (10)-64- Bontang V Disbursement Trustee and Paying Agent
             Agreement dated as of July 1, 1995, by and among
             BankAmerica International, not in its individual
             capacity but solely as trustee and paying agent (in
             such capacity, the "Bontang V Trustee") under the
             Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated
             as of July 1, 1995, as the same may be amended from
             time to time (the "Bontang V Trust Agreement"); and
             BankAmerica International, not in its individual
             capacity but solely as disbursement trustee and
             paying agent under this Agreement.

    (21)-1-  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.
             
    (23)-1-  Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.

    (23)-2-  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

    (27)-1-  Financial Data Schedule for the twelve months ended
             December 31, 1995.

    (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

             The Company filed a Form 8-K dated November 15, 1995
             as required by SS 299.304 of Regulation S-K,
             disclosing changes in Registrant's Certifying
             Accountant.
    

             *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

                                SIGNATURES

  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.


                              UNIMAR COMPANY


March 19, 1996                By  /S/ WILLIAM M. KRIPS      
                                  William M. Krips      
                                  Chairman of the
                                  Management Board




  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March
19, 1996.




By /S/ GEORGE W. BERKO          By  /S/ LARRY D. KALMBACH     
   George W. Berko                  Larry D. Kalmbach
   Management Board                 Management Board
   (LASMO Representative)           (UTPH Representative)
                                                          



By /S/ IAN D. BROWN             By  /S/ WILLIAM M. KRIPS          
   Ian D. Brown                     William M. Krips 
   Management Board                 Chairman of the 
   (LASMO Representative)           Management Board           
                                    (UTPH Representative)



By /S/ RICHARD L. SMERNOFF      By  /S/ ARTHUR W. PEABODY, JR.
   Richard L. Smernoff              Arthur W. Peabody, Jr.
   Management Board                 Management Board 
   (LASMO Representative)           (UTPH Representative)
                                <PAGE>

                             INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                                                 Sequential
                                                                  Numbered 
Exhibit Number                                                      Page   

The following documents are included as Exhibits to this Report. 
Unless it has been indicated that a document listed below is
incorporated by reference herein, copies of the document have been
filed herewith.

     (2)-1-   Merger Agreement, dated May 22, 1984, and Amendment
              Agreements thereto, dated June 8, 1984 and June 12,
              1984 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the
              Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the
              Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
              2-93037)).*

     (2)-2-   Agreement of Merger, dated as of August 28, 1984
              (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the
              Prospectus/Proxy Statement included in the
              Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
              2-93037)).*

     (2)-3-   Divestiture Agreement, dated June 20, 1984 (filed
              as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company's Registration
              Statement on Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)).*

     (3)-1-   Amended and Restated Agreement of General
              Partnership of Unimar Company dated September 11,
              1990 between Unistar, Inc. and Ultrastar, Inc.
              (filed as Exhibit (3)-4- to the Company's 1990 Form
              10-K (No. 18791)).*

     (4)-1-   Form of Indenture between Unimar and Irving Trust
              Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4 to the
              Company's Registration Statement on Form S-14 (No.
              2-93037)).*

     (4)-2-   First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October
              31, 1986, to the Indenture between Unimar and
              Irving Trust Co., as Trustee (Exhibit (4)-1 above)
              (filed as Exhibit 10.114 to Union Texas Petroleum
              Holdings, Inc.'s Registration Statement on Form S-1
              (No. 33-16267)).*

     (10)-1-  Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968,
              among Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Austral Petroleum Gas
              Corporation, Golden Eagle Indonesia, Limited, and
              Union Texas Far East Corporation, as amended (filed
              as Exhibit 6.6 to Registration Statement No. 2-
              58834 of Alaska Interstate Company).*
    
              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-2-  Agreement dated as of October 1, 1979, among the
              parties to the Joint Venture Agreement referred to
              in Exhibit (10)-1- above (filed as Exhibit 5.2 to
              Registration Statement No. 2-66661 of Alaska
              Interstate Company).*

     (10)-3-  Amendment to the Operating Agreement dated April 1,
              1990, between Roy M. Huffington, Inc., a Delaware
              corporation, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, a Bermuda
              corporation, Virginia Indonesia Company, a Delaware
              corporation, Virginia International Company, a
              Delaware corporation, Union Texas East Kalimantan
              Limited, a Bahamian corporation, and Universe Gas &
              Oil Company, Inc., a Liberian corporation. (filed
              as Exhibit (10)-3- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-4-  Amended and Restated Production Sharing Contract
              dated April 23, 1990 (effective August 8, 1968 -
              August 7, 1998) by and between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
              and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia International
              Company, Virginia Indonesia Company, Ultramar
              Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan
              Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and
              Huffington Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-4-
              to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-5-  Production Sharing Contract dated April 23, 1990
              (effective August 8, 1998 - August 7, 2018) between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              (Pertamina) and Roy M. Huffington, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc. and Huffington Corporation. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-5- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-6-  Nilam Unit Agreement, effective as of January 1,
              1980, to establish the manner in which the Joint
              Venture and Total will cooperate to develop the
              unitized area of the Nilam Field. 

     (10)-7-  Fourth Amended and Restated Implementation
              Procedures for Crude Oil Liftings, effective as of
              July 1, 1993, among Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
              Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
              Company.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-7- to the
              Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-8-  Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales Contract, dated
              as of the 1st day of January 1990, by and between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
              as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co., Inc., The
              Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Kyushu Electric
              Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel Corporation, Osaka
              Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-8- to the Company's 1993
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-9-  Amendment to the 1973 LNG Sales Contract dated as
              of the 3rd day of December, 1973, amended by
              Amendment No. 1 dated as of the 31st day of August,
              1976, and amended and restated as of the 1st day of
              January, 1990 ("1973 LNG Sales Contract"), is
              entered into as of the 1st day of June, 1992, by
              and between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, a state enterprise of the Republic of
              Indonesia (Seller), on the one hand, and Kyushu
              Electric Power Co., Inc. (Kyushu Electric), Nippon
              Steel Corporation (Nippon Steel), and Toho Gas Co.,
              Ltd. (Toho Gas), all corporations organized and
              existing under the laws of Japan, on the other
              hand. (filed as Exhibit (10)-9- to the Company's
              1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-10- Amended and Restated Supply Agreement (In Support
              of the Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales
              Contract) between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia
              Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia
              International Company dated September 22, 1993,
              effective December 3, 1973. (filed as Exhibit (10)-
              10- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-11- Amended and Restated Badak LNG Sales Contract,
              dated as of the 1st day of January, 1990, by and
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co.,
              Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka
              Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-11- to the Company's 1993
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-12- Supply Agreement, dated as of April 14, 1981
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the Joint
              Venture Agreement, including the Company. (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-12- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-13- Seventh Supply Agreement for Excess Sales
              (Additional Fixed Quantities under Badak LNG Sales
              Contract as a Result of Contract Amendment and
              Restatement) between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak
              Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Opicoil Houston, Inc., Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
              Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
              Company, dated September 28, 1992, but effective as
              of January 1, 1990. (filed as Exhibit (10)-13- to
              the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-14- Bontang II Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement
              Amended and Restated as of July 15, 1991 among
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
              Virginia Indonesia Company, Virginia International
              Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie,
              Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
              and Continental Bank International. (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-14- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-15- Producers Agreement No. 2 dated as of June 9, 1987
              by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara (Pertamina), Roy M. Huffington, Inc.,
              Virginia International Company, Ultramar Indonesia
              Limited, Virginia Indonesia Company, Union Texas
              East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc.,
              Huffington Corporation in favor of The Industrial
              Bank of Japan Trust Company as Agent (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-30- to the Company's 1987 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-16- Badak III LNG Sales Contract between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
              as Seller and Chinese Petroleum Corporation as
              Buyer signed on March 19, 1987.  (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-16- to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).* 

     (10)-17- Badak III LNG Sales Contract Supply Agreement,
              dated October 19, 1987 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
              and the parties to the Joint Venture Agreement.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-17- to the Company's 1993
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-18- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Korea II)
              effective May 7, 1991 between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea
              Gas Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-18- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-19- Schedule A to the LNG Sales and Purchase Contract
              (Korea II FOB) between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Korea Gas
              Corporation. (filed as Exhibit (10)-19- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
     (10)-20- Bontang III Producers Agreement, dated February 9,
              1988, among Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
              Joint Venture Agreement. (filed as Exhibit (10)-20-
              to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
 
     (10)-21- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Producers Agreement
              dated as of May 31, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total
              Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd. and Train-E Finance Co., Ltd., as
              Tranche A Lender, The Industrial Bank of Japan
              Trust Company, as Agent and The Industrial Bank of
              Japan Trust Company on behalf of the Tranche B
              Lenders. (filed as Exhibit (10)-21- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
     
     (10)-22- $316,000,000 Bontang III Loan Agreement dated
              February 9, 1988 among Continental Bank
              International as Trustee, Train-E Finance Co., Ltd.
              as Tranche A Lender and The Industrial Bank of
              Japan Trust Company as Agent. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-23- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-23- Bontang III Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
              dated February 9, 1988, among Pertamina, Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, VICO, Ultrastar Indonesia
              Limited, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Tankships, Inc., Total Indonesia, Unocal
              Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
              Continental Bank International  (filed as Exhibit
              10.42 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s
              1991 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*


              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-24- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Trustee and Paying
              Agent Agreement, dated as of December 11, 1992,
              among Pertamina, VICO, Virginia International
              Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas
              East Kalimantan Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesia,
              Unocal Indonesia Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.
              and Continental Bank International, as Bontang III
              Trustee  (filed as Exhibit 10.83 to the Union Texas
              Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1992 Form 10-K
              (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-25- Amended and Restated Debt Service Allocation
              Agreement dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Virginia International Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Virginia Indonesia
              Company, Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Tankships, Inc., Huffington Corporation,
              Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-
              26- to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-26- Letter agreement between Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Chinese Petroleum
              Corporation, dated December 1, 1989. (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-27- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*
     
     (10)-27- Badak IV LNG Sales Contract dated October 23, 1990
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara (Pertamina), as Seller and Osaka Gas Co.,
              Ltd., Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd.,
              as Buyers. (filed as Exhibit (10)-29- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-28- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, as Seller and Hiroshima Gas Co., Ltd. and
              Nippon Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-30- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-29- LNG Sales Contract dated as of October 13, 1992
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, as Seller and Osaka Gas Co., Ltd., as
              Buyer. (filed as Exhibit (10)-31- to the Company's
              1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-30- Supply Agreement for Natural Gas to Badak IV LNG
              Sales Contract dated August 12, 1991 between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
              Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc. and Virginia International Company. (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-32- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-31- Second Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
              (Osaka Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities)
              between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
              Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
              Company dated September 22, 1993, effective January
              1, 1991. (filed as Exhibit (10)-33- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-32- Third Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess Sales
              (Toho Gas Contract - Package IV Quantities) between
              Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
              Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
              Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
              Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
              dated September 28, effective January 1, 1991.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-34- to the Company's 1993
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-33- Eleventh Supply Agreement for Package IV Excess
              Sales (1973 Contract Build-Down Quantities) between
              Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
              Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
              Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
              Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
              dated September 22, 1993, effective January 1,
              1990. (filed as Exhibit (10)-35- to the Company's
              1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-34- Bontang IV Producers Agreement dated August 26,
              1991 by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Virginia International Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd. and
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., in favor of The Chase
              Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders.
              (filed as Exhibit (10)-36- to the Company's 1993
              Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-35- $750,000,000 Bontang IV Loan Agreement dated August
              26, 1991 among Continental Bank International as
              Trustee under the Bontang IV Trustee and Paying
              Agent Agreement as Borrower, Chase Manhattan Asia
              Limited and The Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as
              Coordinators, the other banks and financial
              institutions named herein as Arrangers, Co-
              Arrangers, Lead Managers, Managers, Co-Managers and
              Lenders, The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. and the
              Mitsubishi Bank, Limited as Co-Agents and The Chase
              Manhattan Bank, N.A. as Agent. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-37- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

     (10)-36- Bontang IV Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated
              August 26, 1991 among Perusahaan Pertambangan
              Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara, Virginia Indonesia
              Company, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Virginia
              International Company, Ultramar Indonesia Limited,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas &
              Oil Company, Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal
              Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. and
              Continental Bank International. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-38- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*
      
     (10)-37- Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement
              dated February 9, 1988 among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara and Roy M.
              Huffington, Inc., Huffington Corporation, Virginia
              International Company, Virginia Indonesia Company,
              Ultramar Indonesia Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Tankships, Inc., Total
              Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia, Ltd., Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd. and P.T. Badak Natural Gas
              Liquefaction Company (filed as Exhibit (10)-39- to
              the Company's 1988 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-38- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
              as Seller, and National Federation of Agricultural
              Co-Operative Associations (Zen-Noh), as Buyer,
              dated February 21, 1992. (filed as Exhibit (10)-42-
              to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*
     
     (10)-39- Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara,
              as Seller, and Japan Indonesia Oil Co., Ltd., as
              Buyer, dated February 20, 1992. (filed as Exhibit
              (10)-43- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-
              8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-40- Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and Purchase Contract
              between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi
              Negara (Pertamina) as Seller and Mitsubishi
              Corporation, Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum
              Gas Co., Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Kyodo Oil
              Co., Ltd., Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd. and Mitsui
              Liquefied Gas Co., Ltd. as Buyers dated July 15,
              1986.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-42- to the Company's
              1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-41- Amendments to Arun and Bontang LPG Sales and
              Purchase Contract, dated October 5, 1994, between
              Pertamina, as Seller, and Mitsubishi Corporation,
              Cosmo Oil Co., Ltd., Nippon Petroleum Gas Co.,
              Ltd., Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Japan Energy
              Corporation, Idemitsu Kosan Co., Ltd., and Mitsui
              Oil & Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers.  (filed as Exhibit
              10.88 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s
              1994 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-42- Bontang LPG Supply Agreement, dated November 17,
              1987, between Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan
              Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina) and the parties to the
              Joint Venture Agreement. (filed as Exhibit (10)-45-
              to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-43- Advance Payment Agreement between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Pertamina)
              and Arun Bontang Project Finance Co., Ltd., dated
              February 16, 1987 (filed as Exhibit (4)-15- to the
              Company's 1986 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-44- Agreement and Plan of Reorganization of ENSTAR
              Corporation, dated December 22, 1989, by and among
              Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar, Inc.,
              ENSTAR Corporation, Newstar Inc., Union Texas
              Development Corporation, Union Texas Petroleum
              Corporation and Ultramar America Limited. (filed as
              Exhibit (10)-47- to the Company's 1993 Form 10-K
              (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-45- Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
              of ENSTAR Corporation, dated May 1, 1990, by and
              among Unimar Company, Ultrastar, Inc., Unistar,
              Inc., ENSTAR Corporation, Ultramar Production
              Company, Union Texas Development Corporation, Union
              Texas Petroleum Corporation and Ultramar America
              Limited. (filed as Exhibit (10)-48- to the
              Company's 1993 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-46- Addendum to Badak IV LNG Sales Contract Supply
              Agreement (effective October 23, 1990), dated
              January 31, 1994, by and between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              ("Pertamina") and Virginia Indonesia Company
              ("VICO"), LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia
              International Company.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-48-
              to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-47- Memorandum of Agreement for Purchase and Sale of
              LNG During 1995 - 1999 between Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              ("Pertamina") ("Seller") and Korea Gas Corporation
              ("KGC") ("Buyer") for the sale and purchase of
              certain quantities of LNG.  (filed as Exhibit (10)-
              49- to the Company's 1994 Form 10-K (No. 1-8791)).*

     (10)-48- Second Amended and Restated 1973 LNG Sales
              Contract, dated as of August 3, 1995 between
              Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              ("Pertamina"), as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power
              Co., Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc/.
              Kyushu Electric Power Co., Inc., Nippon Steel
              Corporation, Osaka Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co.,
              Ltd., as the Buyers, with related letter agreement,
              dated August 3, 1995, between Seller and Buyers
              (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Union Texas Petroleum
              Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for quarter ended
              September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-49- Second Amended and Restated 1981 Badak LNG Sales
              Contract, dated as of August 3, 1995, between
              Pertamina, as Seller, and Chubu Electric Power Co.,
              Inc., The Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc., Osaka
              Gas Co., Ltd. and Toho Gas Co., Ltd., as Buyers
              with related letter agreement, dated August 3,
              1995, between Seller and Buyers.  (filed as Exhibit
              10.106 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings,
              Inc.'s 1995 Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-
              9019)).*

     (10)-50- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Badak V) dated
              August 12, 1995, between Pertamina and Korea Gas
              Corporation.  (filed as Exhibit 10.107 to the Union
              Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1995 Form 10-K
              (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-51- LNG Sales and Purchase Contract (Badak VI), dated
              October 25, 1995, between Pertamina and Chinese
              Petroleum Corporation.  (filed as Exhibit 10.108 to
              the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.'s 1995
              Form 10-K (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-52- Allocation of Supply Entitlements between the Arun
              and Bontang Plants for LNG Sales (effective January
              1, 1995).

     (10)-53- Memorandum of Understanding  re:  Supply Agreements
              and Package VI Sales dated and effective as of the
              27th day of October, 1995, by and among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              ("Pertamina"); TOTAL Indonesie and Indonesia
              Petroleum, Ltd., (collectively referred to as the
              "TOTAL Group"); Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
              Sanga Sanga Limited, OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Union
              Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
              Company, Inc., and Virginia International Company
              (collectively referred to as the "VICO Group");
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., in respect of its
              interest in a certain portion of the Attaka Unit
              (referred to as "INPEX Attaka"); and Unocal
              Indonesia Company (referred to as "UNOCAL") (the
              TOTAL Group, the VICO Group, INPEX Attaka, and
              UNOCAL each referred to as an "East Kalimantan
              Contractor Group" and collectively called the "East
              Kalimantan Contractors").

     (10)-54- Package V Supply Agreement for Natural Gas in
              Support of the 1973 LNG Sales Contract Extension,
              dated June 16, 1995, effective October 6, 1994,
              between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, OPICOIL Houston, Inc.,
              Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas
              and Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia International
              Company (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Union Texas
              Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-
              9010)).*

     (10)-55- Package V Supply Agreement (1995 - 1999 LNG Sales
              to Korea Gas Corp.) dated June 16, 1995, between
              Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO
              Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil Houston, Inc., Union
              Texas East Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil
              Company, Inc. and Virginia International Company.

     (10)-56- Package V Supply Agreement (1998 - 1999 LNG Sales
              to Chinese Petroleum Corporation), dated as of June
              16, 1995, between Pertamina and Virginia Indonesia
              Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Opicoil
              Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
              Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc. and Virginia
              International Company.

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>

     (10)-57- Tripartite Agreement Regarding Producer
              Contributions to Dwiputrai Costs, dated as of
              January 1, 1995, by and among Perusahaan
              Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara
              ("Pertamina"); Mobil Oil Indonesia Inc. ("Mobil");
              and Virginia Indonesia Company, Total Indonesie,
              and Unocal Indonesia Company, acting on behalf of
              themselves and all other LNG producers in the East
              Kalimantan Production Sharing Contracts
              (collectively, the "East Kalimantan Producers").

     (10)-58- Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Badak
              Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of
              July 1, 1995, among Continental Bank International,
              as Trustee, and the Producers (filed as Exhibit
              10.4 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc.
              Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1995
              (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-59- Amendment No. 1 to Bontang III Loan Agreement,
              dated as of July 1, 1995, among Continental Bank
              International, as Trustee under the Bontang III
              Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, Train-E Finance
              Co., Ltd., as Tranche A Lender, and The Industrial
              Bank of Japan Trust Company, as Agent on behalf of
              the Majority Tranche B Lenders (filed as Exhibit
              10.6 to the Union Texas Petroleum Holdings., Inc.
              Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1995
              (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-60- Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bontang
              Excess Sales Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
              dated as of July 1, 1995, among Continental Bank
              International, as Trustee, and the Producers (filed
              as Exhibit 10.5 to the Union Texas Petroleum
              Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
              September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-61- Bontang V Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1995,
              among BankAmerica International, as Trustee under
              the Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement,
              as Borrower, Bontang Train-G Project Finance Co.,
              Ltd. ("Tranche A Lender"), the banks named therein
              as Tranche B Lenders, The Long-Term Credit Bank of
              Japan, Limited, New York Branch ("Facility Agent"),
              The Fuji Bank, Limited ("Intercreditor Agent"),
              Credit Lyonnais ("Technical Agent"), and Credit
              Lyonnais, The Fuji Bank, Limited and The Long-Term
              Credit Bank of Japan, Limited (collectively, the
              "Arrangers") (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Union
              Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the
              quarter ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File
              No. 1-9019)).*

              *  Incorporated herein by reference.<PAGE>
    

     (10)-62- Bontang V Producers Agreement, dated as of July 1,
              1995, by Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan Gas
              Bumi Negara, Virginia Indonesia Company, OPICOIL
              Houston, Inc., Virginia International Company,
              LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited, Union Texas East
              Kalimantan Limited, Universe Gas & Oil Company,
              Inc., Total Indonesie, Unocal Indonesia Company and
              Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. (collectively, the
              "Producers"), in favor of the Tranche A Lender,
              Facility Agent, Intercreditor Agent, Technical
              agent and Arrangers (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
              Union Texas Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for
              the quarter ended September 30, 1995 (Commission
              File No. 1-9019)).*

     (10)-63- Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, dated
              as of July 1, 1995, among the Producers and
              BankAmerica International, as Trustee and Paying
              Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Union Texas
              Petroleum Holdings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1995 (Commission File No. 1-
              9019)).*

     (10)-64- Bontang V Disbursement Trustee and Paying Agent
              Agreement dated as of July 1, 1995, by and among
              BankAmerica International, not in its individual
              capacity but solely as trustee and paying agent (in
              such capacity, the "Bontang V Trustee") under the
              Bontang V Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated
              as of July 1, 1995, as the same may be amended from
              time to time (the "Bontang V Trust Agreement"); and
              BankAmerica International, not in its individual
              capacity but solely as disbursement trustee and
              paying agent under this Agreement.

     (21)-1-  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.
              
     (23)-1-  Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.

     (23)-2-  Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.

     (27)-1-  Financial Data Schedule for the twelve months ended
              December 31, 1995.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

              The Company filed a Form 8-K dated November 15,
              1995 as required by SS 299.304 of Regulation S-K,
              disclosing changes in Registrant's Certifying
              Accountant.
     
              *  Incorporated herein by reference.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>


                           NILAM UNIT AGREEMENT

                              EAST KALIMANTAN

         ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC., ET AL. - TOTAL INDONESIE, ET AL.









     THIS AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THE TEXAS GENERAL
       ARBITRATION ACT ART. 224 (VERNON'S ANNOTATED TEXAS STATUTES)
<PAGE>
     THIS AGREEMENT, by and among ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC., a
Delaware corporation ("Huffco"), VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY, a
Virginia corporation ("Virginia"), THE SUPERIOR OIL COMPANY, a
Nevada corporation, GOLDEN EAGLE INDONESIA LIMITED,  a Bermuda
corporation, UNION TEXAS FAR EAST CORPORATION, a Delaware
corporation, and UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC., a Liberian corporation
(herein collectively referred to as the "Huffington Venturers");
and TOTAL INDONESIA ("Total"), a French corporation, and INDONESIA
PETROLEUM, Ltd. ("Inpex"), a Japanese corporation (herein
collectively referred to as the "Total Venturers"), subject in all
respects to the concurrence of PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA ("Pertamina"),

                                WITNESSETH:

RECITALS:

     1.    On the 8th day of August, 1968, Virginia and Huffco, on
the one hand, and P. N. PERTAMBANGAN MINJAK NASIONAL (predecessor
to Pertamina), on the other, entered into a Production Sharing
Contract covering certain specified areas in the Republic of
Indonesia.  This contract, as the same has from time to time been
amended since August 8, 1968, is hereafter for convenience referred
to as the Huffco Contract and the area covered thereby as the
Huffco Area.

     2.    Those of the Huffington Venturers other than Huffco and
Virginia have succeeded to undivided interests in the Huffco
Contract, and the Huffington Venturers are the owners of the rights
accorded to Huffco and Virginia thereunder.  Huffco acts as
contract operator for the Huffington Venturers in respect of
petroleum operations under the Huffco Contract on the Huffco Area
under and pursuant to; an Operating Agreement dated August 8, 1968,
by and among the Huffington Venturers, or their predecessors in
interest.  Said Operating Agreement is hereafter for convenience
referred to as the Huffco Operating Agreement.

     3.    On the 6th day of October, 1966, Japan Petroleum
Exploration Company, Ltd. (predecessor to Inpex in interest)
entered into a Production Sharing Contract with P. N. PERTAMBANGAN
MINJAK NASIONAL (predecessor to Pertamina) covering certain
specified areas in Indonesia.  This contract, as the same has from
time to time been amended since October 6, 1966, is hereafter for
convenience referred to as the Inpex Contract and the area covered
thereby as the Total-Inpex Area.

     4.    Total has succeeded to an undivided interest in the
Inpex Contract and the Total Venturers are the owners of the rights
accorded to Japan Petroleum Exploration Company, Ltd. thereunder. 
Total acts as contract operator for the Total Venturers in respect
to petroleum operations under the Inpex Contract on the Total-Inpex
Area under and pursuant to an Operating Agreement dated April 8,
1971, by and among the Total Venturers, or their predecessors in
interest.  Said Operating Agreement is hereafter for convenience
referred to as the Total-Inpex Operating Agreement.

     5.    The Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers have
heretofore conducted certain petroleum exploration activities on
their respective areas, which areas have a common boundary.  The
results of such exploration indicate the presence of a geological
structure straddling the common boundary.  Within the geological
structure hydrocarbons are contained on both sides of the common
boundary.  This geological structure has been designated the Nilam
Structure.

     6.    It is a requirement of the Government of the Republic of
Indonesia, through its State Enterprise Pertamina, for the Total
Venturers and the Huffington Venturers to cooperate mutually in the
exploration, development and production of hydrocarbons from the
Nilam Structure in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
respective Production Sharing Contracts, the laws, rules and
regulations applicable thereto AND SUBJECT ALWAYS to the
concurrence and approval of Pertamina as provided in the Decision
of Director General Oil and Natural Gas No. 402/D.D./Migas/1967
dated 20 December 1967.

                               THE AGREEMENT

     In consideration of the aforementioned recitals and upon the
mutual promises, covenants and conditions herein contained, the
Total Venturers and the Huffington Venturers hereby agree as
follows, to wit:

                                 ARTICLE 1
                                Definitions

     For the purposes only of this Agreement the following terms
shall have the definitions hereinafter set out. It is specifically
agreed that such definitions shall not have the effect of modifying
any of the defined terms under the Huffco Contract or the Inpex
Contract.

     1.1   "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Party, a company
or other entity that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such Party; and such control shall be deemed to exist
only in the event the controlling company or entity owns shares of
stock ownership which represent 50% or more of the total voting
rights.

     1.2   "Budget" means a work program and budget for operations
to be conducted under this Agreement on or in connection with the
Unit Area for a calendar year.  A Budget shall contain a properly
itemized estimate of the cost to the items provided for in the
related work program and a properly itemized estimate of all other
expenditures to be made for the Oil Joint Account and/or the Gas
Joint Account of the Parties during the calendar year to which it
relates.

     1.3   "Combination Well" means a well with two or more
completions, at least one of which is an Oil Well and at least one
of which is a Gas Well, both of which are productive at the same
time.

     1.4   "Gas" means hydrocarbons which exist in a gaseous state
under original reservoir conditions, and hydrocarbons produced in
a gaseous state from Oil Wells.

     1.5   "Gas Joint Account" means the account maintained by
Operator covering expenditures for operations under the Gas Unit to
be shared by the Parties in accordance with their respective
Participating Interests in the Gas Unit.

     1.6   "Gas Unit" means the unit formed hereby insofar as it
relates to Gas and Natural Gas Liquids.

     1.7   "Gas Well" means any completion within the Unit Area
producing or capable of producing Gas and no Oil.

     1.8   "Joint Operations" means all operations conducted by the
Operator on behalf of the Parties under the terms of this
Agreement.

     1.9   "Natural Gas Liquids" means liquid hydrocarbons obtained
from Gas by condensation or extraction, including condensate,
distillate, gasoline, propanes, butanes and other lighter
hydrocarbons.  

     1.10  "Non-Operators" means the Parties other than the
Operator.

     1.11  "Non-Unitized Substances" means all substances which the
Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers have the right to
explore for and produce under the Huffco Contract and the Inpex
Contract, respectively, other than Unitized Substances.

     1.12  "Oil" means hydrocarbons which exist in a liquid state
under original reservoir conditions, excluding, however, any part
thereof constituting Gas as defined above.

     1.13  "Unit Area" is defined to be (a) as to areal extent,
that area outlined on the map, attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and
hereby made a part hereof, which area is more particularly
described in Exhibit "B", attached hereto and hereby made a part
hereof and (b) as to subsurface extent, that interval extending
from the surface of the ground down to and including, but not
below, the point appearing in the Huffco No. 20 Nilam Well at the
electric log depth of 13,657 feet, being 100 feet below the base of
the G-61 sand, or the stratigraphic equivalent of such point
throughout the area described in Exhibit "B".  The Parties agree
that the description of the Unit Area contained in Exhibit "B"
shall be sufficient for the purposes hereof but agree to cause an
on the ground survey to be made of such area which shall be
executed by the Parties for identification with this Agreement, and
such survey shall govern in the event of any dispute concerning the
Unit Area.

     1.21  "Unit Operating Committee" means the committee provided
for in Section 8.1.

     1.22  "Unitized Substances" means all Oil, Gas and Natural Gas
Liquids produced, saved and sold from the Unit Area.

                                 ARTICLE 2

                          Participating Interests

     2.1   The Participating Interests of the Parties in Oil and in
the Oil Unit, until adjusted as provided for in Section 2.2, shall
be as follows:

           Huffington Venturers:        70.0%
           Total Venturer:              30.0%

     The Participating Interest of any Party comprised in the
Huffington Venturers shall be that percentage share of the
Participating Interest established above for the Huffington
Venturers as all of the Parties comprised in the Huffington
Venturers shall at any time and from time to time notify the Total
Venturers in writing.

     The Participating Interest of any Party comprised in the Total
Venturers shall be that percentage share of the Participating
Interest established above for the Total Venturers as all of the
Parties comprised in the Total Venturers shall at any time and from
time to time notify the Huffington Venturers in writing.

     2.2   The Participating Interests set forth in Section 2.1 for
the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit are based on preliminary estimates of
initial proved Oil in place and Gas in place (excluding in
connection with the estimate of Gas in place, any Gas in solution
with Oil under original reservoir conditions), respectively,
underlying the respective portions of the Huffco Area and the
Total-Inpex Area included within the Unit Area.  The Parties
recognize that the data on which such estimates are based are
incomplete, and therefore, such Participating Interests will be
adjusted periodically in accordance with the following:

     (a)   An interim redetermination of such Oil and Gas in place
shall be made not later than September 1, 1981 based on data
available on June 30, 1981.

     (b)   A final redetermination shall be made not later than
September 1, 1982 based on data available on June 30, 1982.

     Each such redetermination shall be made in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Exhibit "D" hereto.  In the event the
Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers are unable to agree
within a reasonable time on any technical points of contention
pertaining to the redetermination, such technical points shall be
resolved by a mutually acceptable expert who shall be a competent
petroleum engineering consultant or firm of petroleum engineering
consultants agreed to by them.  In the event that they do not agree
upon an expert within thirty (30) days following notice by one to
the other of the existence of such point of contention then either
may request Pertamina to nominate an expert or firm of experts.  At
the time of making such request the Huffington Venturers and the
Total Venturers shall each have the option of naming two persons or
firms who should not be nominated.  All costs relating to the
expert's award shall be borne equally by the Huffington Venturers
and the Total Venturers.

     The Participating Interests of the Huffington Venturers and
the Total Venturers in Oil and in the Oil Unit will be adjusted so
as to be in the same ratio as the redetermined initial proved Oil
in place underlying, respectively, those portions of the Huffco
Area and the Total-Inpex Area in the Unit Area, and the
Participating Interests of the Huffington Venturers and the Total
Venturers in Gas and Natural Gas Liquids and in the Gas Unit will
be adjusted so as to be in the same ratio as the redetermined
initial proved Gas in place (excluding in connection with the
redetermination of Gas in place any Gas in solution with Oil under
original reservoir conditions) underlying, respectively, those
portions of the Huffco Area and the Total Inpex Area in the Unit
Area.  Each such adjustment of Participating Interests shall be
made on the first day of the month following the redetermination
and will be effective as of the effective date of this Agreement as
though the revised Participating Interests had been originally set
forth in Section 2.1.

     The Parties recognize that each adjustment of Participating
Interests pursuant to this Section 2.2 will require Pertamina's
approval before being used for purposes of the Huffco Contract and
the Inpex Contract.  Pertamina has agreed that in granting or
withholding such approval it will apply the allocation principle
set forth in this Section 2.2 and the methodology for
redetermination of reserves set forth in Exhibit "D" hereto and
that, pending such approval, the adjusted Participating Interests
may be used on a provisional basis for Production Sharing Contract
purposes.

     Subject to the provisions of Article 11 costs previously
charged to the Oil Joint Account and the Gas Joint Account will be
reallocated among the Parties, in a manner acceptable to Pertamina,
so as to be consistent with the adjusted Participating Interests
for the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit, respectively, and as soon as
practicable after each adjustment the Operator will prepare the
necessary invoices or credits due from or to the Non-Operators so
as to give effect to such reallocations.  On the first day of the
first calendar month following receipt of the approvals referred to
in Article 18 and on the date of each such adjustment of
Participating Interests the historical gross production of Unitized
Substances, including production taken by Pertamina, will be
adjusted so as to allocate to the Huffco Area that portion of such
production equal to the Participating Interests of the Huffington
Venturers and to the Total-Inpex Area that portion of such
production equal to the Participating Interests of the Total
Venturers; and the gross revenues realized by the Parties and by
Pertamina from the disposition of such production, calculate din
accordance with Section 10.2, will be similarly adjusted and
allocated.  As soon as practicable after such adjustments Operator
will prepare a statement showing the amounts by which the Parties
have received more or less than their Participating Interest shares
of such revenues, and those Parties who have received more than
their Participating Interest share will make appropriate payments
to the other Parties.  For purposes of the foregoing sentence
revenues from Unitized Substances realized by Pertamina under the
Huffco Contract will be deemed realized by the Huffington
Venturers, and revenues from Unitized Substances realized by
Pertamina under the Inpex Contract will be deemed realized by the
Total Venturers.  It is recognized that such adjustments will
require further adjustment between the Parties and Pertamina in
accordance with the terms of the Huffco Contract and the Inpex
Contract, and these adjustments will be made in due course.

     2.3   All costs incurred under and pursuant to this Agreement
in connection with the exploration, development and operation of
the Unit Area for the production of Unitized Substances shall be
deemed to have been incurred from the Huffco Area under the Huffco
Contract and the Total-Inpex Area under the Inpex Contract in the
ratio of the applicable respective Participating Interests of the
Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers.  All Unitized
Substances produced, saved, and sold shall be deemed to have been
produced from the Huffco Area under the Huffco Contract and the
Total-Inpex Area under the Inpex Contract in the ratio of their
applicable respective Participating Interests.

                                 ARTICLE 3

              Interim Operations and Non-Unitized Operations

     3.1   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
contained, in particular the effective date of this Agreement, each
of the Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers, acting through
its respective contract operator, reserves the right, at its sole
cost, risk and expense, to drill for Unitized Substances within
that part of the Unit Area covered by its Production Sharing
Contract, provided that actual drilling on any such well commences
on or prior to June 30, 1981.  Drilling operations for any well
which are incomplete on July 1, 1981 will, at the option of the
drilling Party, either be abandoned or continuously prosecuted to
completion or abandonment, as provided below.  The Party conducting
such drilling operations shall (a) act as a reasonably prudent
operator, (b) accord the other Parties all rights which Operator is
obligated hereunder to accord to the Parties, (c) keep Operator
fully informed with respect to all aspects of such operations and
(d) exercises reasonable precautions to prevent interference with
Joint Operations.

     When any well drilled under the preceding paragraph has
reached its total depth and has been logged and tested to the
satisfaction of the drilling Party, notice shall be given to
Operator, together with a recommendation as to which course of
action specified in (a), (b) and (c) below should be followed. 
Operator shall immediately notify the members of the Unit Operating
Committee, including its own recommendations with respect to such
well, and within forty-eight (48) hours of such latter notification
each member of the Unit Operating Committee shall inform Operator
of its vote and Operator shall tally the votes of the members of
the Unit Operating Committee and inform the drilling Party whether
such well should be (a) completed for the production of Unitized
Substances and, if such be the case, in which zone or zones such
completion should be made, (b) temporarily abandoned or (c) plugged
and abandoned.  Any Party failing to notify Operator of its vote
within such forty-eight (48) hour period shall be deemed to have
voted in favor of Operator's recommendation.  The drilling Party
shall within a reasonable time after being informed of the decision
of the Unit Operating Committee complete operations on such well in
accordance with such decision; provided, that in carrying out such
operations the drilling Party shall adhere to the same standards
prescribed and be liable to the same extent as provided in Section
7.2.6.

     If the decision of the Unit Operating Committee is that such
well be completed for the production of Unitized Substances, the
completion costs (consisting of all costs incurred after the
decision to complete is given to the drilling Party, except
demobilization costs) shall be reimbursed to the Party conducting
the operations upon receipt of an invoice for same and shall be
charged to the Oil Joint Account or the Gas Joint Account as
provided in Section 11.4.  The costs of drilling the well (being
all costs except completion costs) shall be reimbursed to the
drilling Party and charged to the Oil Joint Account or the Gas
Joint Account at the time of the final adjustment of Participating
Interests as provided in Section 2.2 or at the time such well is
actually placed on production, whichever first occurs.

     If the decision of the Unit Operating Committee is to abandon
temporarily or plug and abandon such well and such well did not
prove, in accordance with the standards set forth in Exhibit "D"
hereto, the presence of two billion standard cubic feet of Gas
(excluding Gas in solution with Oil under original reservoir
conditions) in place, the costs of drilling (and of temporarily
abandoning or plugging and abandoning) such well shall not be
reimbursed to the drilling Party and charged to the Oil Joint
Account or the Gas Joint Account unless and until, pursuant to ta
decision of the Unit Operating Committee, the well shall be
utilized for Oil Unit or Gas Unit purposes.

     3.2   Each of the Huffington Venturers and the Total
Venturers, acting under the terms of its respective Operating
Agreement, reserves the right, at its sole cost, risk and expense,
to drill for and produce Non-Unitized Substances within the areal
extent of that part of the Unit Area covered by its respective
Production Sharing Contract at depths below the Unit Area.  In
exercising this right, the drilling party shall exercise reasonable
precaution to prevent interference with Joint Operations.  The
costs applicable to any such well incurred from and after the point
at which the well has reached total depth and before the well is
completed or abandoned shall be borne as follows:

           3.2.1     If the well is completed as a producer of
     Non-Unitized Substances or abandoned, such cost shall be
     borne by the drilling party.

           3.2.2     If, although projected as a well to be
     drilled in search of Non-Unitized Substances, the
     drilling Party recommends, and the Unit Operating
     Committee approves, that the well be completed for
     Unitized Substances, the approved completion operations
     will be accomplished by the drilling Party as specified
     by the Unit Operating Committee and the drilling and
     completion costs thereof applicable to the Oil Unit
     and/or the Gas Unit, determined as provided in Section
     11.4, shall be reimbursed to the drilling Party and
     charged to the Oil Joint Account or the Gas Joint
     Account, as may be appropriate; provided, that if such
     well was commenced prior to July 1, 1981, the provisions
     of Section 3.1 shall apply.

     3.3   If a well is approved by the Unit Operating Committee
and drilled in search of Unitized Substances, the well may be, with
approval of the Unit Operating Committee, drilled beyond the Unit
Area and completed to produce Non-Unitized Substances.  In such
instance the portion of drilling and completion costs of such well
applicable to Non-Unitized Substances, determined as provided in
Section 11.4, shall be borne by the Huffington Venturers, if the
well is located on the Huffco Area, or by the Total Venturers, if
the well is located on the Total-Inpex Area.

                                 ARTICLE 4

                           Ownership of Property

     All property, whether real or personal, acquired by Operator
at the cost of the Parties for use in Joint Operations shall be
owned in accordance with the Production Sharing Contract covering
the area upon which such operations were conducted.  Any right of
use or other interest in such property which under the applicable
Production Sharing Contract is granted to "Contractor" shall be
owned by the Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers in
accordance with their applicable respective Participating
Interests.  Such interest of the Huffington Venturers shall be
owned by each of them in proportion to their respective ownership
of interest in the Huffco Contract, subject to the provisions of
that certain Joint Venture Agreement, dated August 8, 1968, by and
among the Huffington Venturers, or their predecessors in interest
and the Huffco Operating Agreement.  Such interest of the Total
Venturers shall be owned by each of them in proportion to their
respective ownership of interest in the Inpex Contract, subject to
the provisions of the Total-Inpex Operating Agreement.

                                 ARTICLE 5

                                The Venture

     5.1   The Parties hereto agree in accordance with and subject
to the provisions of this Agreement and of the respective
Production Sharing Contracts to carry out a program of exploration
for and development of Unitized Substances in the Unit Area, such
exploration and development to include the installation and
operation of all necessary and desirable facilities in or outside
the Unit Area.  

     5.2   It is understood and agreed that this Agreement shall
not affect the rights, duties and obligations of the Huffington
Venturers, inter se, under the Joint Venture Agreement dated August
8, 1968 by and among the Huffington Venturers, or their
predecessors in interest, or the Huffco Operating Agreement, nor
will it affect the rights, duties and obligations of the Total
Venturers, inter se, under the Total-Inpex Operating Agreement;
provided, that the voting procedures set forth herein will control
with respect to the conduct of Joint Operations.

                                 ARTICLE 6

                        Obligations of the Parties

     It is not the purpose of this Agreement to amend or modify in
any way the terms and provisions of the Huffco Contract or the
Inpex Contract.  The Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers
understand and agree that each is solely responsible to Pertamina
with respect to its respective Production Sharing Contract with the
effect that the obligations and rights of the Parties vis-a-vis
Pertamina with respect to their respective Production Sharing
Contracts remain unaltered by the terms of this Agreement.  Without
prejudice to the aforementioned understanding Unitized Substances
produced, saved and sold and costs incurred in connection with
exploration, development and operation of the Unit Area for the
production of Unitized Substances are deemed allocated to the Inpex
Contract and the Huffco Contract as herein provided.  Any action
which may be sanctioned by the Unit Operating Committee shall be
subject to final approval by Pertamina, in accordance with the
terms and conditions stipulated in the Inpex Contract and the
Huffco Contract.

                                 ARTICLE 7

                                 Operator

     7.1   Subject to the terms and conditions hereof Huffco (or
any successor Operator for the Huffington Venturers in respect of
petroleum operations under the Huffco Contract chosen under the
Huffco Operating Agreement) is hereby designated and agrees to
serve as Operator for the Huffington Venturers and the Total
Venturers in connection with operations on or in connection with
the exploration, development and operation of the Unit Area for the
production of Unitized Substances.

     7.2   Subject to the provisions of Article 3, Operator, under
the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Production
Sharing Contracts, shall carry out and perform all operations on or
in connection with the exploration, development and operation of
the Unit Area for the production of Unitized Substances.  Operator
shall exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges with
respect to such operations as provided herein, subject only to such
restrictions as shall be placed upon Operator by this Agreement and
the Unit Operating Committee.  Specifically, Operator shall,
subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Huffco Contract
and the Inpex Contract:

           7.2.1     Have exclusive control of all operations
     hereunder and employ all personnel reasonably required
     therefor;

           7.2.2     Acquire all assets, including any
     equipment, materials and supplies, necessary or desirable
     for carrying on all operations conducted hereunder;

           7.2.3     Represent the Parties with respect to
     such operations, including but not limited to filing such
     reports with Pertamina as may be required or as directed
     by the Unit Operating Committee;

           7.2.4     Prepare and submit to the Unit Operating
     Committee proposed programs and Budgets at the time and
     in the manner set forth in Article 9 hereof;

           7.2.5     Make from time to time such
     recommendations for the more efficient carrying out of
     the said operations hereunder as it may consider
     feasible;

           7.2.6     Carry out all of the said operations
     hereunder in a workmanlike manner, in accordance with
     sound oil field and engineering practices, in compliance
     with the terms of the Inpex Contract and the Huffco
     Contract and in full compliance with all applicable laws
     and regulations; provided Operator shall not be liable to
     the other Parties except for gross negligence or willful
     misconduct;

           7.2.7     Enter into such contracts as may be
     required in connection with operations hereunder;

           7.2.8     Promptly pay and discharge all costs and
     expenses incurred in connection with operations
     hereunder;

           7.2.9     Deliver in kind to each of the Parties at
     the respective field terminals their respective
     Participating Interest share of all Unitized Substances.

                                 ARTICLE 8

                         Unit Operating Committee

     8.1   There shall be established a Unit Operating Committee
consisting of one representative appointed by each of the Parties. 
Each Party shall designate its respective representative by written
notice of the other Parties as soon as reasonably practicable after
the effective date hereof, and each by like notice may designate
one or more alternate representatives, any one of whom shall be
authorized to represent such Party in the absence of its
representative.  Operator's representative will be Chairman of the
Unit Operating Committee.  Each Party may by notice to the other
Parties substitute its representative or any alternate at any time
and from time to time, and such substitute shall have the same
powers and duties as the person for whom he is substituting.  Each
representative may have such advisors as he deems necessary at any
meeting of the Unit Operating Committee.

     8.2   The Unit Operating Committee shall meet if the
representative of any Party shall request a meeting by giving not
less than fifteen (15) days' notice to the other designated
representatives, which notice shall specify the matter or matters
to be considered at such meeting; provided, that if any shorter
notice period is specified herein with respect to any meeting or
voting requirement the latter shall prevail.  The Unit Operating
Committee shall meet at least twice in each year as provided in
Sections 9.1 and 9.2 for the purpose of considering and deciding
upon the Budget for the ensuing year.

     8.3   There shall also be established the Nilam Unit 
Technical Subcommittee, which shall act only in an advisory 
capacity and shall be composed of representatives of each 
Party.  Its chairman shall be one of Operator's represent-
atives.  The Nilam Unit Technical Subcommittee shall have, 
inter alia, the following functions: 

     (a)   to keep the Parties regularly informed of the 
           execution of operations in the Unit Area;

     (b)   to cooperate in the preparation of work programs;

     (c)   to follow the progress of operations; and 

            
 

     (d)   to prepare information and proposals for Unit 
           Operating Committee meetings. 

     Normally each meeting of the Unit Operating Committee 
shall be preceded by a meeting of the Nilam Unit Technical 
Subcommittee.

     8.4   The Unit Operating Committee shall appoint such 
other subcommittees as it may desire for the purpose of 
advising it in connection with operations in the Unit Area.
Such subcommittees shall be comprised of representatives of 
the Parties and shall meet at such time and carry out such charges
as may be directed by the Unit Operating Committee. 
Operator shall at all time fully cooperate with the subcom-
mittees in performing their charges. 

     8.5   No decision on any matter shall be taken at any 
meeting of the Unit Operating Committee unless either prior 
notice as provided in Section 8.2 shall have been given or 
the representatives agree that a matter of which no prior 
notice has been given shall be dealt with at the meeting in 
question. 

            
   

     8.6   Each of the Huffington Venturers will be entitled 
to vote that part of the Participating Interests of the Huffington
Venturers as it is entitled to vote under the Huffco Operating 
Agreement; and each of the Total Venturers will be entitled to vote
that part of the Participating Interests of the Total Venturers as
it is entitled to vote under the Total-Inpex Operating Agreement. 
Notice shall be given by the Huffington Venturers to the Total 
Venturers respecting the entitlement to vote Participating
Interests of any Party comprised in the Total Venturers, and 
any change therein.  Except for those matters provided for in 
Section 9.2 below all decisions of the Unit Operating Committee
shall require the affirmative vote of Parties voting Participating
Interests in the Gas Unit aggregating sixty-six and two-thirds 
percent (66 2/3%) at the time of the vote. 

     8.7   All meetings of the Unit Operating Committee shall 
be held in Jakarta, Indonesia, or at such other place as may 
be agreed upon from time to time by the Parties. 

     8.8   Any matter may be submitted to the Unit Operating 
Committee for consideration and vote without holding a 
meeting, provided that such matter is submitted in writing 
or by telegraph or telex or by telephone confirmed by tele-
graph or telex to the other representatives.  In such even


each representative shall vote by giving written, telegraphed or 
telexed notice of such vote to Operator, and any decision so
reached shall be binding on all the Parties hereto.  Operator shall
keep a written record of each such vote and the outcome of such 
voting. 

                                 ARTICLE 9

                      Operating Programs and Budgets

     9.1   By not later than July 1 of each calendar year
Operator shall submit to the Unit Operating Committee a 
proposed work program for the following calendar year.  Each
Party will furnish to Operator any comments or suggestions 
which it may have respecting such proposal as soon after 
receipt of same as may be reasonably practicable, and 
Operator shall furnish to each Party the comments and 
suggestions received.  At a meeting of the Unit Operating 
Committee of be held during the third quarter (but not later
than August 15) of such calendar year the proposed work 
program will be discussed, and Operator will respond to the 
comments and suggestions which it has received. 

     9.2   By not later than September 1 of each calendar 
year Operator shall submit to the Unit Operating Committee a 



recommended Budget for the following calendar year.  Such
recommended Budget shall be based upon the proposed work 
program referred to in Section 9.1, incorporating therein 
such suggestions and recommendations as may have been approved by 
a consensus of the Unit Operating Committee, but also 
taking into account changes in conditions which may have 
occurred in the intervening period.  At a meeting of the 
Unit Operating Committee to be held in September following 
the submission of such recommended Budget the same shall 
be voted on for approval under the following procedure.  The 
Huffington Venturers shall have one (1) vote and the Total 
Venturers shall have one (1) vote, and approval of the 
Budget shall require the unanimous vote of the two. 

     9.3   In the event a Budget is not approved under the 
procedure described in Section 9.2 above the Huffington 
Venturers and the Total Venturers shall, by not later than 
September 20, submit through Operator to Pertamina the 
Budgets which they respectively favor and will attempt to 
arrange a joint meeting with the appropriate representatives 
Pertamina to discuss the differences in the two Budgets.
The Budget which is approved by Pertamina shall be deemed 
the Budget approved by the Unit Operating Committee for the 
next calendar year. 



     9.4   Subject to the foregoing provisions of this 
Article 9, the Parties agree to cause their respective 
representatives on the Unit Operating Committee to adopt 
such Budgets as will comply with the requirements of the 
Huffco Contract and the Inpex Contract.  Further, the 
Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers shall include 
their proportionate part of Budgets adopted under this 
Article 9 in the work programs and budgets submitted to 
Pertamina under their respective Production Sharing 
Contracts.  In this regard Operator shall serve as liaison 
with Pertamina in seeking its approval of Budgets adopted 
under this Agreement. 

                                ARTICLE 10 

                        Distribution of Production

     10.1  Subject to the terms of the pertinent Production   
Sharing Contract, each of the Total Venturers and each of 
the Huffington Venturers may at all times take in kind or 
separately dispose of its respective Participating Interest 
share of each Unitized Substance.  In accordance with the 
terms of the Inpex Contract and the Huffco Contract, Operator 
shall have the right to use in conducting operations under 



this Agreement so much of the Oil, Gas and Natural Gas Liquids so 
used shall not be considered saved and sold for purposes of 
this Agreement. 

     10.2  During such period as one or more Parties are not 
taking their Participating Interest share of Unitized Substances 
in kind or separately disposing of the same, the other 
Parties shall, with respect to Gas, and may, but shall not 
be obligated to, with respect to Oil and Natural Gas Liquids, 
take in kind or separately dispose of such share.  In such 
event the Parties taking or separately disposing of such 
share shall, subject to the further provisions hereof, pay 
or cause to be paid to the non-taking Parties for such share 
on the basis of the fair market value thereof at the field 
terminal; provided, however, that such obligation to pay or 
cause to be paid shall be subject to whatever conditions are 
applicable to the Parties taking in kind or selling such 
Unitized Substances under the arrangements by which they are 
sold or taken in kind. 

     Subject to the succeeding paragraph of this Section 10.2,
such market value shall be determined on the basis of the 
price received for such Unitized Substances reduced by all 
costs incurred downstream from the field, including without 



limitation transportation, processing, insurance, capital
and interest costs, and selling costs, including without 
limitation, any brokerage, commissions, discounts or rebates, 
but excluding, however, all cost of Joint Operations charged 
to the Oil Joint Account or the Gas Joint Account under the 
provisions of this Agreement.  Upon request, the non-taking 
Parties shall be furnished reasonable documentation relative 
to the determination of such fair market value.  The obligation 
to pay or cause to be paid provided for in this Section 10.2
is expressly limited to the non-taking Parties' Participating 
Interest share of funds in fact received by the taking 
Parties as proceeds from the sale of Unitized Substances, 
and any payment by taking Parties to non-taking Parties 
shall be made promptly on receipt of funds. 

     The fair market value of Gas which is processed and 
manufactured into liquefied natural gas ("LNG"), for purposes 
of accounting hereunder shall in no event exceed that portion 
of the net proceeds for such LNG received by Parties after 
deducting all project and marketing costs incurred in pro-
cessing and selling of such gas.  For purposes of accounting 
hereunder the fair market value of Oil and of Natural Gas 
Liquids which are mixed in storage with Oil and are sold as 
a part of such Oil shall be equal to the applicable price



used for the recovery of "Operating Costs" under the Huffco 
Contract and the Inpex Contract. 

     The Parties agree to enter into such arrangements as 
may be necessary to insure the effectiveness of this Section 
10.2.  The provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not, however, 
prevent Pertamina from exercising any of its rights and 
options on this subject as provided in the Huffco Contract 
and the Inpex Contract. 

                                ARTICLE 11

                            Costs and Expenses

     11.1  All costs and expenses of whatsoever kind and 
nature incurred by Operator in performance of Joint Opera-
tions shall be charged to the Oil Joint Account or the Gas 
Joint Account in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement and shall be borne and paid by the Parties as 
provided in Sections 11.3 and 11.4.  Any significant departure 
from an agreed Budget shall be approved by the Unit Operating 
Committee before being put into execution.  If any such 
departure from an agreed Budget requires approval of Pertamina 
under the Huffco Contract or the Inpex Contract, then Operator 



shall promptly furnish to Pertamina information concerning 
such Budget departure.  Operator shall not make expenditures 
nor incur liabilities on behalf of the Parties for non-budgeted 
items without prior approval of the Unit Operating Committee 
unless such expenditures or liabilities are within:

           11.1.1    The equivalent of U. S. $100,000.00
           (Operator shall promptly report such non-budgeted items 
           and approval by the Unit Operating Committee thereof 
           shall constitute Operator's authority to again make 
           non-budgeted liabilities not in excess of the U. S. 
           $100,000.00 limitation); or 

           11.1.2    10% excess of the amount specified for 
           an individual category of an agreed program. 

This limitation shall not apply, and Operator is expressly 
authorized to make expenditures and incur liabilities without 
prior authorization or approval, when necessary or advisable, 
in Operator's judgment, to deal with unforeseen emergencies, 
including, but not limited to, well blowouts and fires. 
Operator shall promptly report to the other Parties the 
nature of any such emergency and the estimated related 
expenditures. 



     11.2  It is understood that Operator may from time to 
time use for the benefit of all Parties in accordance with 
approved Budgets the services of other persons, firms and 
corporations, including purchasing, engineering, legal, 
geophysical, geological, treasury, insurance, auditing, 
re-export, payroll and accounting and other miscellaneous 
services and advise, the cost of which shall be charged to 
the Oil Joint Account or the Gas Joint Account, as may be 
applicable.

     11.3  The following procedures will be followed so that 
costs and investments made by the Parties respecting exploration 
development and operations of the Unit Area for the production 
of Unitized Substances will be in the ratio of their applicable 
respective Participating Interests for the Oil Unit and the 
Gas Unit. 

           11.3.1    All charges to the Oil Joint Account 
           shall be borne by the Parties in the ratio of their 
           respective Participating interests in the Oil Unit, and
           all charges to the Gas Joint Account shall be borne by 
           the Parties in the ratio of their respective     
           Participating Interests in the Gas Unit, subject, in  
           each case, to adjustment as provided in Section 2.2.



           11.3.2    All costs and expenses incurred by Operator 
           after the date of execution hereof for Joint Operations 
           under this Agreement shall be charged to the Oil Joint 
           Account or the Gas Joint Account as provided in Section 
           11.4 

           11.3.3    In the execution of work programs prior to 
           the date of execution hereof Huffco, acting as Contract 
           Operator for the Huffington Venturers, and Total, 
           acting as Contract Operator for the Total Venturers, 
           have performed seismic operations, drilled wells and 
           otherwise incurred costs and made investments related 
           to the exploration, development and operation of the 
           Unit Area for the production of Unitized Substances.
           The Parties estimate that, subject to verification upon 
           audit on or before the expiration of one (1) year from 
           the date of execution hereof, as of such date such 
           costs and investments are as follows:

               (a)   The Huffington Venturers' portion of 
               such costs and investments applicable to the Oil
               Unit are U. S. $66,380.54 and of such costs and 
               investments applicable to the Gas Unit are U. S. 
               $154.162,126.



               (b)   The Total Venturers' portion of such 
               costs and investments applicable to the Oil Unit 
               are U. S. $32,756,015 and of such costs and invest-
               ments applicable to the Gas Unit are U. S.    
               $62,109,354. 

           11.3.4    The costs and investments applicable to 
           The Oil Unit estimated to have been incurred as of the 
           date of execution hereof shall be charged to the Oil 
           Joint Account and reimbursed to the Parties by whom 
           initially incurred on the first day of the first       
           calendar month following receipt of the approvals 
           referred to in Article 18.  If the audit of such costs 
           and investments mentioned above discloses any dis-
           crepancies with respect thereto, appropriate adjustments
           will be made. 

           11.3.5    With respect to costs and investments 
           applicable to the Gas Unit estimated to have been 
           incurred as of the date of execution hereof the 
           following shall apply:

               (a)   All of such costs and investments, other 
               than drilling and completion costs, shall be 



               charged to the Gas Joint Account and reimbursed to 
               the Parties by whom initially incurred on the 
               first day of the first calendar month following 
               receipt of the approvals referred to in Article 
               18.

               (b)   Drilling and completion costs will be 
           subject to the following:

                     (i)  If pursuant to a decision of the 
               Unit Operating Committee a Gas well which has
               been drilled on the date of execution hereof 
               should be placed on production prior to the 
               final adjustment of Participating Interests
               as provided in Section 2.2, the costs of 
               drilling and, if applicable, completing such 
               well incurred prior to the date of execution 
               hereof will be charged to the Gas Joint 
               Account and reimbursed to the Parties by whom 
               initially incurred at the time such well is 
               actually placed on production.

               (ii)  The remainder of such drilling and 
               completion costs will be charged to the Gas 



               Joint Account and reimbursed to the Parties 
               by whom initially incurred at the time of the 
               final adjustment of Participating Interests 
               as provided in Section 2.2. 

           If the audit of such costs and investments men-
     tioned above discloses any discrepancies with respect 
     to any of such costs and investments previously charged 
     to the Gas Joint Account, appropriate adjustments will 
     be made. 

     11.4  Certain wells and facilities are or will be 
capable of utilization, and may be so utilized, at one time 
or another and from time to time in connection with the Oil 
Unit, the Gas Unit and/or Non-Unitized Substances.  Costs
allocable to such wells and facilities will be allocated as 
provided below.

           11.4.1  During any period in which a well is 
     utilized solely for the Oil Unit and risk and expense 
     of operating the same will be wholly for the Oil Joint 
     Account.  Conversely, during any period in which a well 
     is utilized solely for the Gas Unit such risk and 
     expense will be wholly for the Gas Joint Account, and 
     

           
     during any period in which a well is utilized solely 
     for Non-Unitized Substances such risk and expense will 
     be wholly for the account of those parties on whose 
     Production Sharing Contract Area the well is located. 

           11.4.2  During any period in which a well is  
     operated as a Combination Well or a combination of an 
     Oil Well and/or Gas Well and a well producing Non-Unitized
     Substances the portion of risk and expense of operating 
     such well to be allocated to the Oil Joint Account will 
     be in the ratio that the number of completions producing 
     Oil in such well bears to al producing completions in 
     such well, and the portion of risk and expense of 
     operating such well to be allocated to the Gas Joint
     Account will be in the ratio that the number of completions 
     producing Gas in such well bears to all producing 
     completions in such well.  The remainder of such risk 
     and expenses will be allocated to those Parties on 
     whose Production Sharing Contract area the well is 
     located.  Downhole repair and workover costs of such 
     wells will be for the Oil Joint Account, if an Oil Well 
     is repaired or worked over, for the Gas Joint Account, 
     if a Gas Well is repaired or worked over, and for the 
     

     account of those Parties on whose Production Sharing 
     Contract area the well is located, if a well producing 
     Non-Unitized Substances is repaired or worked over. 

           11.4.3    All costs of reworking, recompleting or 
     converting a well into an Oil Well will be for the Oil 
     Joint Account.  Conversely, such costs respecting a 
     Gas Well will be for the Gas Joint Account, and 
     such costs respecting a well to produce Non-Unitized           
     Substances will be for the account of the Parties on 
     whose Production Sharing Contract the well is located. 

           11.4.4    While it is recognized that both Oil and 
     Gas will be produced from Oil Wells, for purposes of 
     this Agreement Oil Wells will be considered to be wells 
     utilized solely for the Oil Unit, and the risk and 
     expense of operating such wells will be borne as pro-
     vided above; provided, however, that the costs of 
     treating and storing (included but not limited to 
     compression, dehydration and reinjection) Gas produced 
     and saved from Oil Wells will be charged to the Gas 
     Joint Account. 

           



           11.4.5    Subject to the provisions of Section 
     11.4.6 below, at the time a well is initially completed
     the investment costs of such well allocable to Unitized 
     Substances will be charged to the Oil Joint Account, if 
     the well is to be utilized initially for the Oil Unit, 
     or to the Gas Joint Account, if the well is to be 
     utilized initially for the Gas Unit.  If a well is 
     initially completed as a Combination Well, such investment 
     costs will be allocated between the Oil Joint Account 
     and the Gas Joint Account in the Proportions that the 
     number of Oil Well completions and Gas Well completions, 
     respectively, in such well bears to the total number of 
     completions in such well within the Unit Area. 

           11.4.6    If the Unit Operating Committee should 
     approve the drilling of a well to the G-61 sand, the 
     Parties on whose Production Sharing Contract area the 
     well is located may, not later than (30) days 
     before actual drilling operations on such well are 
     commenced, request Operator to drill such well to test 
     an objective below the base of the Unit Area; and 
     Operator will carry out such requested operations below
     the base of the Unit Area for the benefit of and subject 
     to the instructions of the Parties making the request.



     In such event the Parties making such request shall 
     bear the costs of such well below the base of the Unit
     Area in accordance with the following:

           (a) The portion of intangible drilling costs
       incurred in drilling the well to be allocated to 
       operations below the base of the Unit Area will be 
       determined by multiplying (a) total intangible 
       drilling costs for the well, minus (b) the costs 
       which are allocable solely to specific zones as 
       provided in Section 11.4.7, by a faction, the 
       numerator of which is the number of days elapsed 
       from the time the drilling bit passes through the 
       base of the Unit Area until total depth in the 
       well is reached and the denominator of which is 
       the total number of days elapsed from the time 
       actual drilling operations on the well are commenced
       until total depth in the well is reached, and 
       adding to the product obtained costs which are 
       allocable solely to zones below the base of the 
       Unit Area as provided in Section 11.4.7.

           (b)  The portion of tangible drilling costs
       including but not limited to the wellhead, wellhead 


       equipment and tubulars, to be allocated to operations 
       below the base of the Unit Area will be in the 
       proportion that the number of initial completions 
       in the well below the base of the Unit Area bears 
       to total initial completions in the well; pro-
       vided, however, that in the event no initial
       completion is made in the well below the base 
       of the Unit Area there shall be allocated to 
       operations below the base of the Unit Area the 
       extra costs, if any, incurred in modifying the 
       well program for tangibles from that historically 
       used in drilling and equipping a well drilled to 
       the base of the Unit Area. 

       11.4.7  The Parties recognize that in the course 
     of drilling a well certain operations and procedures 
     will be conducted which are property allocable solely 
     to the zone on which they are performed.  Such operations 
     and procedures include, but are not limited to, testing, 
     shooting, acidizing, perforating and performing squeeze
     jobs.  If a well is being drilled below the base of the 
     Unit Area pursuant to Section 11.4.6, it is agreed that 
     each such cost will be allocated to the zone to which 
     it relates for purposes of determining the portion of 
     intangible drilling costs allocable to the Oil Joint   

 
           
     Account and/or the Gas Joint Account, on the one hand, 
     and to the Non-Unitized Substances, on the other hand.

           11.4.8    It is recognized that while certain faci-
     lities will serve only the Unit Area (the costs of 
     which will be allocated between the Oil Unit and the 
     Gas Unit in the manner provided below in  this Section
     11.4.8), other facilities will serve both the Unit Area 
     and other areas.  The portion of investment costs of 
     facilities serving more than one area will be allocated 
     among the areas served on the basis of the following:

               (a)   Investment costs of facilities placed in 
           service or to be placed in service solely in 
           connection with the production of Oil will be 
           allocated between the Oil Unit and other areas 
           served on the basis of relative BTU content of Oil 
           in the place in each such area. 

           (b)       Investment costs of facilities placed in 
           service or to be placed in service solely in 
           connection with the production of Gas and/or 
           Natural Gas Liquids will be allocated between the 
           Gas Unit and other areas served on the basis of 



           relative BTU content of Gas in place in each such 
           area. 

           (c)       Investment costs of facilities placed in 
           service or to be placed in service in connection 
           with the production of Oil, Gas and Natural Gas 
           Liquids will be allocated between the Unit Area 
           and other areas served on the basis of relative 
           BTU content of Oil and Gas in place in each such 
           area. 

           The foregoing allocations are subject to the 
     following:

           (d)       Facilities placed in service or to be 
           placed in service in connection only with the 
           production or handling of Oil and Natural Gas 
           Liquids will be deemed placed in service solely 
           for Oil in the proportion that estimated total Oil 
           throughput bears to estimated total throughput of 
           Oil and Natural Gas Liquids over the life of the 
           facilities, and the remainder of such facilities 
           will be deemed placed in service solely for Natural 
           Gas Liquids. 

     

               (e)   Investment costs of facilities heretofore 
           placed in service or approved by the Parties 
           before January 1, 1983 will, on the first day of 
           the first calendar month following receipt of the 
           approvals referred to in Article 18 or when 
           incurred, whichever is later, be allocated among 
           the areas served on the basis of relative BTU
           content of the applicable type of hydrocarbons 
           initially in place in each such area.  Such allocation
           will be adjusted on January 1, 1983 based upon 
           such redetermination of relative BTU content of 
           hydrocarbons initially in place which may have 
           been made at that date. 

               (f)   Investment costs of facilities approved 
           by the Parties in any year after 1982 will be 
           allocated among the areas served on the basis of 
           relative BTU content of the applicable type of 
           hydrocarbons remaining in place in each such area 
           as of January 1 of the year in which such facilities 
           are approved by the Parties. 

               (g)   There will be no adjustment of the allo-
           cation of investment costs among areas except as 
     

           provided in (e) above unless the Huffington Venturers 
           and the Total Venturers agree to such, using the 
           voting procedure specified in Section 9.2.

      
           At the time investment costs are allocated to the 
     Unit Area they will be further allocated between the 
     Oil Unit and the Gas Unit on the basis of the following: 

           (h)       Investment costs of facilities serving 
     only the Oil Unit will be charged to the Oil Joint 
     Account, and investment costs of facilities serving 
     only the Gas Unit will be charged to the Gas Joint 
     Account. 

           (i)       Investment costs of facilities serving 
     the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit will be allocated 
     between the two as follows: 

                     (i)  Costs of facilities placed in 
           service or approved by the Parties prior to 
           January 1, 1983 will be allocated ten percent 
           (10%) to the Oil Unit and ninety percent 
           (90%) to the Gas Unit.  Such allocations will 



           be adjusted as of January 1, 1983 to be in 
           the ratio of the relative BTU content of oil, 
           on the one hand, and Gas, on the other hand, 
           initially in place in the Unit Area as determined 
           by the Parties pursuant to the redetermination 
           of Oil and Gas in place provided for in 
           Section 2.2 (b).

                     (ii)  Costs of facilities approved by 
           the Parties in any year after 1982 will be 
           allocated on the basis of relative BTU content 
           of Oil, on the one hand, and Gas, on the 
           other hand, remaining in place in the Unit 
           Area as of January 1 of the year in which 
           such facilities are approved by the Parties. 

     The portion of investment costs allocated to the 
     Oil Unit under the foregoing will be charged to 
     the Oil Joint Account, and the portion of such 
     costs allocated to the Gas Unit will be charged to 
     the Gas Joint Account. 

For purposes of this Section 11.4.8, a barrel of Oil 
will be deemed to contain 5.6 million BTU's, and a 



standard MCF of Gas will be deemed to contain 1.1
million BTU's.  Further, in the case of computation of 
BTU content of Gas there shall be excluded from the 
computations provided for above the BTU content of Gas 
in solution with Oil under original reservoir conditions. 

     11.4.9    The costs of operating facilities serving 
the Unit Area will be allocated between the Oil Unit 
and the Gas Unit as provided in the Unit Accounting 
Procedure. 

     11.5      In the event a well is drilled below the base of 
the Unit Area in accordance with the terms hereof the Huffington 
Venturers and/or the Total Venturers, as owners of Production 
Sharing Contract rights below the base of the Unit Area, 
agree to bear and pay the portion of the operating costs and 
investments applicable to below the base of the Unit Area 
and to Non-Unitized Substances determined as provided above. 

     11.6      Upon request of Operator, each Party shall advance 
to Operator from time to time, its proportionate part of any 
agreed Budget on a monthly basis.  At least fifteen (15)
business days before the end of each month, Operator shall 
deliver to each Party a written request that such Party 



advance its share of Budget funds estimated to be paid out 
during the ensuing month.  To the extent that payments 
exceed advances or advances exceed payments during the 
preceding month, Operator shall adjust its next ensuing 
request for advance by an amount equal to such deficiency or 
excess.  Each such request shall specify the various currencies 
required, the total amount thereof and the names and addresses 
of the banking institutions where such currencies are to be
credited to Operator's account.  Each Party shall furnish 
its respective share of advances in the required currencies 
no later than the last day of the month during which such 
request was delivered by Operator.  In addition to its 
regular monthly requests for funds, Operator may from time 
to time make special written requests to cover any unforeseen 
requirements, which special written request shall contain 
the information required in Operator's monthly request. 
Thereafter, the Parties shall provide the additional funds 
in the specified currencies within the period specified in 
Article 1.4 of the Unit Accounting Procedure. 

     Operator shall account for all sums advanced and shall 
furnish each Party monthly statements accurately reflecting 
the disposition of such advances and report all charges and 
credits to the Oil Joint Account and the Gas Joint Account 



in accordance with the Unit Accounting Procedure.  Statements 
covering each month shall be sent by Operator to the Parties 
not later than forty-five (45) days after the end of such 
month.  If any over or under expenditures of advanced funds 
are not adjusted by ensuing requests for advance of Budget 
funds as provided by this Article 11.6, each Party shall pay 
to Operator or Operator shall pay to each Party within 
fifteen (15) days after receipt of such statement the amount 
shown thereon to be due from such Party or from Operator. 
If any payments as provided in this Article 11 are not made 
within the time specified herein, such unpaid amounts shall 
bear interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%)
per month until paid.  Further, Operator shall have the 
right to apply pro tanto all sums payable by Operator to 
such delinquent Party to the payment of the amounts due and 
unpaid by such Party. 

     11.7  Each such statement for any period during any 
calendar year shall be subject to correction by the Operator 
or objection by each Party, provided that such correction or 
objection is made in writing within two (2) years after the 
end of such year, with adequate specification of the item or
items corrected or objected to, and the reason for the 
correction or objection.  Each statement that is not so 



corrected or objected to before the end of said period of 
two (2) years shall thereafter be final and conclusive. 

     11.8  Operator shall assist Pertamina in its endeavor 
to keep books and accounts in accordance with the terms of 
the Inpex Contract and the Huffco Contract and at the direc-
tion of the Unit Operating Committee may cause audits to be 
made of such books and accounts. 

     11.9  Operator shall keep in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting practices accurate and itemized accounts
and records of costs and expenditures arising out of the 
operations hereunder reflecting the status of the Oil Joint 
Account and the Gas Joint Account. 

     11.10 All costs, expenses, credits, related matters 
and methods of handling the accounting with respect thereto 
shall be in accordance with the provisions of the Unit 
Accounting Procedure. 


                                     

                                     



                                ARTICLE 12

                                 Insurance

     12.1  Operator shall take out and keep in force all 
insurance required by law or decided upon by the Unit Operating 
Committee, provided, however that any Party may to the 
extent its own insurance (including self insurance) satis-
fies the requirement of such law elect not to participate 
therein and provided further that it shall be a condition of 
such non-participation that the Party concerned: 

           (a) give notice of its non-participation to the 
     other parties;

           (b) obtain and maintain adequate insurance of its 
     Participating Interest share of the risks covered or 
     provide to the other Parties adequate evidence of its 
     financial responsibility; and 

           (c) do nothing which may interfere with the 
     Operator's placing of such insurance for the other 
     Parties. 




     All insurance placed by any Party for its own account shall 
contain a waiver of rights of subrogation in favor of all 
the other Parties and of Operator and in favor of any con-
tractor or sub-contractor with respect to which Operator 
shall have waived its rights of recourse in its capacity as 
Operator.  Operator shall, upon request, furnish to Non-
Operators all pertinent details relating to such insurance. 
Operator shall also furnish promptly to Non-Operators copies 
of reports or claims made under such insurance respecting 
accidental damage to wells or facilities located within the 
Unit Area. 

                                Article 13 

Rights, Access to Premises, Logs, Records and Confidentiality

     13.1  Total, as Contract Operator for the Total 
Venturers, shall at all times have the right to participate 
with Operator in the settlement of any claims or disputes 
arising out of operations hereunder, and shall have the 
right to participate through its counsel, at the expense of 
the Total Venturers, in any litigation or arbitration 
arising out of operations under this Agreement.  Operator 
shall, when any such activities are contemplated, give the 



other Parties reasonable notice thereof to enable them to 
have a representative present if they elect to do so. 

     13.2  Operator shall keep accurate logs, date and 
records of all information acquired in conducting the opera-
tions contemplated hereby and shall furnish the other Parties 
copies of same upon request.  Likewise, samples of cores and 
cuttings of formation encountered in drilling wells will be 
furnished at Operator's local office in accordance with 
instructions of the Parties.  Operator shall also furnish to 
Pertamina covering operations conducted pursuant hereto. 
Authorized representatives of the Huffington Venturers and 
the Total Venturers shall at all reasonable times and at 
their own risk have access to the premises where any opera-
tion is being carried on by Operator and to all information 
and records of Operator pertaining to operations hereunder. 

     13.3  Information gained by the Parties as a result of 
operations under this Agreement which has not been made
public prior to the effective date of this Agreement or 
which is not made public under the terms hereof shall be 
treated as confidential between the Parties, including their 
respective Affiliates, and shall not be revealed to outside 
parties without prior written approval of all Parties which 



consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, consideration 
being given to reporting requirements of governmental agencies, 
stock exchanges, accounting practices and lending institutions. 
Any branch of the provisions of this Section 13.3 by a 
Party's Affiliate shall constitute a breach of this article 
by such Party.  Nothing contained in this Section 13.3 shall 
prevent the Operator from furnishing data and information to 
representatives of the Government of the Republic of Indonesia
or Pertamina. 

                                ARTICLE 14 

                               Force Majeure

     The obligations of each Party under this Agreement, 
other than the obligation to make money payments, shall be 
suspended while such Party is prevented or hindered from 
complying therewith, in whole or in part, by force majeure. 
As used herein, force majeure shall mean causes beyond the 
control of such Party and shall include but not be limited 
to strikes; lockouts; labor disturbances; acts of God;
unavoidable accidents; acts of war (declared or undeclared)
or conditions arising out of or attributable to war; shortage
of necessary equipment, materials or labor, or restrictions 



thereof or limitations upon the use thereof; and delays in 
transportation.  Any Party subject to force majeure shall 
take all reasonable actions necessary to remedy such a 
situation at the earliest possible date.  Any Party proclaiming 
force majeure shall give prompt notice of same to the other 
Parties, including sufficient information as to the cause 
and anticipated date of removal. 

                                ARTICLE 15 

           Rules and Regulations, Applicable Law and Arbitration

     15.1  This Agreement is subject to all the provisions 
of the Huffco Contract and the Inpex Contract, as amended, 
to all valid and applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
orders of the Republic of Indonesia; and all operations 
shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the 
Huffco Contract and the Inpex Contract, as amended, and such 
laws, rules, regulations and orders. 

     15.2  In the event of any dispute between the Parties 
as to the interpretation of the terms hereof this Agreement 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Texas.



     15.3  Any dispute relating to the interpretation or 
performance of this Agreement shall be finally settled by 
arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Conciliation and 
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, effec-
tive at the time.  Any such dispute shall be heard and 
determined by a single arbitrator, appointed in accordance 
with such rules, provided that any such dispute shall be 
heard and determined by three (3) arbitrators so appointed, 
upon written request of any Party to such effect made 
within two (2) weeks after commencement of any such arbitra-
tion proceeding.  This covenant to arbitrate shall be enforce-
able and judgment from any award rendered by the arbitrator(s)
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Any such arbitration shall be held in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada, or at such other place as the Parties may mutually 
agree upon.

                                ARTICLE 16 

                                  Notices

     All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given and 
delivered to a Party when delivered in person to an authorized 



representative of that Party, or when sent by telex (confirmed
by air mail) or by telephone (confirmed by telex) to that 
Party at its address hereinafter specified:

               Huffco Indonesia,     
               A Division of 
               Roy M. Huffington, Inc. 
               P. O. Box 2828
               19th Floor, Skyline Building 
               Jalan Thamrin No 9 
               Jakarta, Indonesia 


               Attention:  President 
               Telex Address:  79644421
               
               With Copy to: 

               Roy Huffington, Inc. 
               36th Floor, The 1100 Milam Building 
               Houston, Texas   77002
               Attention:  Vice President Production 
               Telex Address:  762-020

               Golden Eagle Indonesia Limited 
               c/o Ultramar Company Limited 
               90 South Bedford Road 
               Mt. Kisco, New York   10549
               Telex Address:  137302

               Union Texas Far East Corporation 
               P. O. Box 2120
               Houston, Texas   77001
               Attn:  Vice President and General Manager 
               International Producing Operations 
               Telex Address:  775255

               Universe Tankships, Inc. 
               512 Gulf Building 
               P. O. Box 1166
               Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  15230
               Attn: Mr. E. D. Loughney - "Personal"

               





               Virginia International Company 
               3900 Capital Bank Plaza 
               P. O. Box 4576
               Houston, Texas   77210
               Attn: Mr. J. D. Taylor, President 

               Total Indonesia 
               Tromolpos 10/JKT
               Jakarta Pusat 
               Cable:  TOTALINDO JAKARTA 
               Telex:  796-44108
               Attn:   General Manager 

       c.c.    Total Indonesia 
               39/43 Quai Andre Citroen 
               75739 Paris, CEDEX15
               Attn: Director General 
               Telex Address:  270587 TOTALEX PARIS 

               Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd. 
               10th Floor, Toranomon 37 Mori Building 
               NO. 5-1, Toranomon 3 - chome 
               Minato-Ku, Tokyo 105, Japan 
               Attn:  T. Kusuoka 
               Telex Address:  242-4210 JAIPEX J 


                                ARTICLE 17 
                Relationship of Parties and Tax Provisions

     17.1  The rights, duties, obligations and liabilities 
of the Parties under this Agreement shall be several and not 
joint or collective, and each Party shall be responsible 
only for its obligations as set out herein.  It is not the 
purpose or intention of this Agreement to create any part-
nership, mining partnership or association, and neither this 
Agreement nor the operations hereunder shall be construed as 
creating any such relationship. 



     17.2  Each Party elects to be excluded from the appli-
cation of all of the provisions of Subchapter K of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1954 as authorized by 
regulations promulgated by the Secretary or his delegate 
under Section 761 (a) thereof, insofar as such Subchapter or 
any portion or portions thereof may be applicable to such 
Party.  The Parties agree to execute or join in such instru-
ments as are necessary to make such election effective and 
hereby authorize and direct Operator to take such action 
with the proper administrative office or agency as may be 
necessary or convenient to effectuate such purpose. 

                                ARTICLE 18

                 Effective Date and Term of this Agreement

     This Agreement shall become effective as of January 1, 
1980 upon its being approved by the Government of the Republic 
of Indonesia and by Pertamina and approval being given by 
the Japanese Government to Inpex.  Upon such approvals this 
Agreement shall remain in effect for so long as either one 
of the Huffco Contract and the Inpex Contract, and any 
extensions, renewals or renegotiations thereof, remains in 
effect. 



                                ARTICLE 19

                            General Provisions

     19.1  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and 
be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Parties 
hereto.  If during the term hereof one or both of the Production 
Sharing Contracts terminate with respect to one or more of 
the Unitized Substances, Pertamina shall at that time succeed 
to the rights and obligations so affected of the Huffington 
Venturers or the Total Venturers, as the case may be, in 
this Agreement.   No assignment or other transfer of this 
Agreement shall be effective until such approval by Pertamina 
as may be required by the Production Sharing Contracts shall 
have been obtained.  An assignment shall not relieve the 
assigning Party of its obligations hereunder without the 
express written consent of the non-assigning Parties. 

     19.2  Article headings herein are for convenience only and
shall not be considered in the interpretation or con-
struction of this Agreement. 

 




     19.3  None of the requirements or provisions of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be waived by any Party by any 
failure to enforce any remedy or take advantage of any 
default and each Party hereto shall at all times have the 
right to require strict compliance with this Agreement by 
the other Parties. 

     19.4  Unless otherwise clearly specified in this Agree-
ment all sums of money set forth in this Agreement are 
expressed in United States Dollars. 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused these 
presents to be duly executed by their duly authorized officers 
on this the 3rd day of December, 1982, effective 
as of January 1, 1980.

                     TOTAL INDONESIE 

                     By:  /S/

                     ROY M. HUFFINGTON, INC. 

                     By:   /S/




                     INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD. 

                     By:  /S/

                     VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY 

                     By:   /S/

                     THE SUPERIOR OIL COMPANY 

                     By:   /S/

                     GOLDEN EAGLE INDONESIA LIMITED 

                     By:   /S/

                     UNION TEXAS FAR EAST CORPORATION 

                     By:   /S/

                     UNIVERSE TANKSHIPS, INC. 

                     By:   /S/              



                                EXHIBIT B  
                    Attached to Nilam Unit Agreement, 
                     effective as of January 1, 1980 


                         DESCRIPTION OF UNIT AREA 

           From the southwest corner of the Badak Unit, 
being that unit created by instrument dated June 25, 1977
but effective as of January 1, 1976 by and among the 
Huffington Venturers and the Total Venturers, or their 
predecessors in interest, go directly west 1500 meters to 
a point whose coordinates are 117 degrees 22' 30.0" E and 0 
degrees 23' 48.0" S; then go due south approximately 21 kms. to a 
point 300 meters south of the vegetation line marking the 
southerly side of the Mahakam River as of the effective 
date of the Nilam Unit Agreement and defined by coordinates 
117 degrees 22' 30.0" E and 0 degrees 35' 10.0" S.  From 
this point east, the unit boundary is 300 meters south of 
and parallel to such vegetation line marking the southerly 
side of the Mahakam River to a point defined by coordinates 117
degrees 28' 47.0" E and 0 degrees 23' 48.0" S; then go due west 
to the southwest corner of the Badak Unit. 0  
           
                
                  

     

  
                                                                            
               
                 
      
                                        
     
      
                                   

     
                     

                        

      

     




                                EXHIBIT "C"

     Attached to Nilam Unit Agreement, effective as of 
January 1, 1980.

                        UNIT ACCOUNTING PROCEDURE 

                          I. GENERAL PROVISIONS 

     1.    DEFINITIONS

     "Joint Property" shall mean the real and personal 
     property subject to the Agreement to which this 
     "Unit Accounting Procedure" is attached. 

     "Material" shall mean personal property, equipment or 
     supplies acquired or held for use on the Joint Property.

     "Controllable Material" shall mean Material which at 
     the time is so classified in the Material Classification
     Manual as most recently recommended by the Council of 
     Petroleum Accountants Societies of North America.

      



     Terms used in this Unit Accounting Procedure which are 
defined in the Agreement shall have the meaning attributed 
to them in the Agreement. 

     2.    PURPOSE - CONFLICT WITH AGREEMENT
     The purpose of this Unit Accounting Procedure is to 
establish equitable methods for determining charges and 
credits, with no duplication thereof, applicable to 
operations under the Agreement.  In the event any of such 
methods prove unfair or inequitable, to Operator or Non-
Operators, the Parties will meet and in good faith negotiate 
with respect to changes in methods necessary to correct any 
unfairness or inequity.  In the event of a conflict between 
the provisions of this Unit Accounting Procedure and of the 
Agreement to which this Unit Accounting Procedure is attached, 
the provisions of the Agreement shall control. 

     3.    STATEMENTS AND BILLINGS

     Operator shall furnish Non-Operators, on or before forty-
five (45) calendar days following the last day of each month, 
a statement showing their proportionate shares of all expenditures
and receipts, as recorded during such month.  Such statements will 
reflect all charges and credits to the Oil Joint Account and the 
Gas Joint Account, summarized by appropriate classifications 
indicating the nature thereof, detailed to permit application 
of costs and expenses to wells, fields, or other appropriate 
designations as may be specified by the Unit Operating Committee. 
Items of Controllable Material and unusual charges and credits 
shall also be detailed. 

     4.    PAYMENTS AND ADVANCES BY NON-OPERATORS

     Each of the Parties hereto shall advance its proportionate 
part of budget funds as provided by the terms of the Nilam Unit 
Agreement to which this Unit Accounting Procedure is attached. 
Should the Operator be required, on short notice, to pay any 
large sums of money on behalf of either Joint Account, the 
payment of which sums were unforeseen at the time of the 
written request for monthly requirements, Operator may make 
calls on the Non-Operator for additional interim advances 
covering their respective shares of such payments.  Each 
Non-Operator shall pay its due proportion of all such bills 
or calls for additional advances within fifteen (15) days 
after receipt thereof.  If payment is not made within such 
time, the defaulting Party shall be subject to the remedies 
provided for in the Nilam Unit Agreement to which this Unit 
Accounting Procedure is attached. 

     5.    ADJUSTMENTS AND SETTLEMENTS

     On the monthly statement, as required by Sec 3 above, 
Operator shall indicate the aggregate amounts actually 
expended on Joint Operations for the Oil Unit and the Gas
Unit during such month as well as the aggregate amounts 
actually advanced by Non-Operators.  Such statements shall 
not prejudice the right of any Non-Operators to protest or 
questions the correctness thereof; provided, however, all 
statements rendered to the Non-Operators by Operator during any 
calendar year shall conclusively be presumed to be true and 
correct after twenty-four (24) months following the end of 
any such calendar year, unless within the said twenty-four
(24) month period of Non-Operator takes written exception 
thereto and makes claim on Operator for adjustment.  No 
adjustment favorable to Operator shall be made unless it is 
made within the same prescribed period.  The provisions of 
this paragraph shall not prevent adjustments resulting from 
a physical inventory of the Joint Property as provided for 
in Section VII.

     6.    AUDITS

     A Non-Operator, upon at least thirty (30) days advance 
written notice in writing to Operator and all other Non-
Operators, shall have the right at its sold expense to 
audit Operator's accounts and records relating to the 
accounting hereunder for any calendar year within the 
twenty-four (24) month period following the end of such 
calendar year; provided however, the making of an audit 
shall not extend the time for the taking of written exception 
to and the adjustment of accounts as provided for in 
Paragraph 5 of this Section I.  Non-Operators shall make 
every reasonable effort to conduct joint or simultaneous 
audits in a manner which will result in a minimum of incon-
venience to the Operator. 

     7.    ACCOUNTING OF OPERATING COSTS

     Operating costs shall be recorded by Operator in cost 
centers identified as specific and non-specific to Joint 
Operations.  Such cost centers shall be consistent with and 
in relation to categories in current Budgets.  The allocation 
of operating costs to such cost centers shall be made as 
specified in Sections II and III of this Unit Accounting 


Procedure and shall be applied consistently. 

     8.    ACCOUNTING OF INVESTMENT COSTS

     Investment costs shall be recorded by Operator in AFE
accounts in a manner consistent with and in relation to 
categories in current Budgets. 

           II.  DIRECT UNIT OPERATING EXPENSES 

     Subject to limitation hereinafter prescribed, Operator 
shall charge the Oil Joint Account and/or the Gas Joint 
Account with the following items:

     1.    RENTALS AND ROYALTIES

Rentals and royalties attributable to the Unit Area or 
production therefrom when such rentals and royalties are 
paid by Operator for the account of the Parties. 

     2.    LABOR

     A.    Salaries and wages of Operator's employees 
     directly engaged in the Joint Operations, and salaries 
     or wages of employees (whenever located) who are tempo-



     rarily assigned to, and directly engaged in the Joint 
     Operations, whether in Indonesia or elsewhere. 

     B.    Operator's cost of holiday, vacation, sickness 
     compensatory rest time, overseas differential, re-
     location allowances, allowances for housing and living 
     disability benefits and other customary allowances paid 
     to the employees whose salaries and wages are chargeable 
     to the Oil Joint Account and/or the Gas Joint Account 
     under Paragraph 2A of this Section II.

     C.    Expenditures of contributions made pursuant to 
     assessments imposed by governmental authority which are 
     applicable to Operator's labor cost of salaries and 
     wages chargeable under Paragraphs 2A and 2B of this 
     Section II. 

     D.    Reasonable personal expenses of those employees 
     whose salaries and wages are chargeable under Paragraph 
     2A of this Section II and for which expenses of the employees
     are reimbursed under Operator's usual practice. 

     3.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Operator's cost of plans for employee's group life insurance,
hospitalization, pension, retirement, stock purchase, thrift, 
bonus and other benefit plans of a like nature which are 
applicable to costs chargeable under Paragraph 2 hereof. 

     4.    MATERIAL

Material purchased or furnished by Operator for use on the 
Joint Property. 

     5.    TRANSPORTATION AND TRAVELING EXPENSES

Actual cost of the following when necessary for the exploration, 
development, maintenance, and operation of the Joint Property.

           A.  Transportation cost of material, equipment, 
     and supplies. 

           B.  Transportation cost of employees assigned to 
     the Joint Operations, their families, and their personal 
     and household effects, to and from the Unit Area or 
     other location where they reside or work, also trans-


     portation costs of employees and their families for 
     annual vacation or periodic leave. 

           C.  Transportation costs and traveling expenses, 
     outside of Houston, Texas, of employees of Operator and 
     its Affiliates when temporarily assigned to perform work 
     for the sole benefit of the Joint Operation. 

     6.    SERVICES 

           A.  The cost of contract services and utilities 
     from outside sources. 

           B.  Actual cost of technical services, such as 
     laboratory analysis, geophysical and geological inter-
     pretation, drafting, etc., performed outside of the 
     Unit Area by independent contractors for the benefit of 
     the Joint Operations. 

           C.  Use and service of equipment and facilities 
     furnished by Operator as provided in Paragraph 5 of 
     Section IV hereof. 

     
     

     7.    DAMAGES AND LOSSES TO JOINT PROPERTY

All costs or expenses necessary for the repair or replace-
ment of Joint Property made necessary because of damages or 
losses incurred by fire, flood, storm, theft, accident, or 
any other cause to the extent not compensated by insurance. 
Operator shall furnish Non-Operator written notice of damages 
or losses incurred as soon as practicable after a report 
thereof has been received by Operator. 

     8.    LITIGATION AND DAMAGES

Expenditures for the Joint Operations in connection with 
actual or threatened litigation (including investigation and 
securing of evidence), discharge of liens, judgements and 
liquidated claims, and in compromise of claims, accident 
compensation, death settlements and burial expenses paid in 
accordance with labor law or union contracts to the extent 
that any of the foregoing is not recovered from an insurance 
underwriter; provided no charge shall be made for services 
rendered to Operator by Operator's in-house legal staff,
resident outside Indonesia (such charges to be considered
Administrative Overhead under Section III hereof) except 
upon agreement between Operator and Non-Operators.



     9.    TAXES

All taxes, custom duties, fees and governmental assessments 
of every kind and nature assessed or levied upon or in 
connection with the Joint Property, the operation thereof, 
or the production therefrom, and which have been paid by the 
Operator for the benefit of the Parties. 

     10.   INSURANCE

           A.  Premiums paid for insurance carried for the 
     benefit of the operations hereunder, together with all 
     expenditures incurred and paid in settlement of any and 
     all losses, claims, judgments and other expenses, 
     including legal services, not recovered from insurance 
     carrier. 

           B.  If no insurance is carried as to a particular 
     loss, the actual expenditures incurred and paid by the 
     Operator in settlement of any and all losses, claims, 
     damages, judgments and any other expenses, including 
     outside legal services. 

     11.   OFFICES AND CAMPS

All offices and camp expenses (excluding those expenses 
covered under Section III below), including but limited 
to, housing, employee hospital and medical expenses, 
recreation and athletic expenses, schools for employees and 
their children, safety and other relevant activities 
applicable to employees and their families shall be charged 
to the applicable Joint Account.  If such offices or camps 
are used in operation of the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit, or 
of one or both of such Units and of properties not covered 
by this Agreement, such costs shall be allocated between such 
Unit(s) and/or properties serviced in the same proportions 
as the aggregate of other direct charges applicable to such 
Unit(s) and/or properties. 

     12.   OTHER EXPENDITURES

Any other expenditure not covered or dealt with in the 
foregoing provisions of this Section II, or in Section III, 
and which is incurred by the Operator for the necessary and 
proper conduct of the Joint Operations. 

     13.   FOREIGN EXCHANGE

The Oil Joint Account and the Gas Joint Account shall bear 
losses and credits sustained on foreign exchange incurred by 
Operator in the performance of operations under the Agreement 
to which this Unit Accounting Procedure is attached. 

     14.   ALLOCATION RULE

     Common direct Nilam Unit operating expenses incurred dur-
ing a year for the benefit of the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit 
will be allocated to the Oil Joint Account and the Gas Joint 
Account, respectively, in the ratio of direct expenditures 
for the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit during such year. 

               III.  INDIRECT OPERATING EXPENSES 

Operator may charge the Oil Joint Account and/or the Gas 
Joint Account for indirect costs by use of an allocation of 
area expense as follows:

     The indirect costs charged by Operator to East Kalimantan 
operations in a year will be the amount of indirect charges 
allocated to such area in such year under the provisions of 
the Huffco Operating Agreement, as the same may be amended 
from time to time.  Operator shall allocate to the Unit Area 
a portion of such indirect costs of its East Kalimantan 
operations based upon the relative direct expenditures in 
each of the areas in East Kalimantan in which it operates. 
Operator will furnish statements by its outside auditors 
justifying the allocation of such costs among the areas in 
which it operates in East Kalimantan and certifying that the 
portion of such costs not allocated to the Unit Area has 
been allocated by Operator to the other areas in which it 
operates in East Kalimantan and paid to Operator by the 
parties on behalf of which it operates.  The portion of 
indirect East Kalimantan expenses in a year allocated to the 
Unit Area will be further allocated to the Oil Joint Account 
and the Gas Joint Account, respectively, in the ratio of 
total direct expenditures for the Oil Unit and the Gas Unit 
during such year. 

               IV.  BASIS OF CHARGES TO THE 
           OIL JOINT ACCOUNT AND THE GAS JOINT ACCOUNT 

Subject to the further provisions of this Section Iv, 
Operator will procure all Material and services for the 
Joint Property.  At the Operator's option, Non-Operators
may supply Material or services for the Joint Property. 

     1.    PURCHASES

Material purchased and service procured shall be charged at 
the price paid by Operator. 

           A.  Imported Materials, equipment and supplies at
     the manufacturer's or suppliers' net invoice price 
     (after all trade and cash discounts), reasonable fees 
     or costs paid to third parties for purchasing and 
     shipping, insurance costs, transportation costs to 
     shipping point, crating and handling costs, transpor-
     tation costs to point of entry, customs and like 
     importation costs, any applicable duties or taxes,
     handling from shipside to customs warehouse and trans-
     portation and handling from customs warehouse. 

           B.  Local purchased Materials, equipment and 
     supplies, at the vendor's net invoice price (after all
     trade and cash discounts) plus transportation and other 
     related costs from place of purchase. 

     2.    MATERIALS FURNISHED FROM OPERATOR'S WAREHOUSE OR 
           OTHER PROPERTIES 

           A.  New Material (Condition "A")
           (1) All such Condition "A" Material supplied from 
           Operator's warehouse or other properties shall be 
           on the same cost basis as (but not in excess of)
           that for purchases in this Section IV, Item 1.

           (2) If Material is moved to the property from 
           the Operator's warehouse or other properties, no
           charge shall be made for a distance greater than
           the distance from the nearest entry point normally
           used, or for warehousing costs, except by agreement
           with the Non-Operators. 

           B.  Used Material (Condition "B" and "C")

           (1) Material in sound and serviceable condition 
           and suitable for reuse without reconditioning, 
           shall be classified as Condition "B" and priced at
           seventy-five percent (75%) of current and new 
           price. 
           
           (2) Material which cannot be classified as 
           Condition "B" but which, 
               (a)   After reconditioning will be further 
           serviceable for original function as good 
           secondhand Material (Condition "B"), or 

               (b)   Is serviceable for original function but 
           substantially not suitable for reconditioning, 

           shall be classified as Condition "C" and priced at 
           fifty percent (50%) of current new price. 

           (3) PREMIUM PRICES

Whenever Material is not readily obtainable at prices speci-
fied in Paragraph 1 and 2 of this Section IV because of
national emergencies, strikes or other unusual causes over 
which the Operator has no control, the Operator may charge 
the Oil Joint Account and/or Gas Joint Account, as 
applicable, for the required Material at the 
Operator's actual cost incurred in procuring such 
Material, in making it suitable for use, and in moving it to 
the Joint Property, provided, that notice in writing is 
furnished to Non-Operators of the proposed charge prior to 
billing Non-Operators for such Material.

     4.    WARRANTY OF MATERIAL FURNISHED BY OPERATOR

Operator does not warrant the Material furnished.  In case 
of defective Material, credit shall not be passed to the Oil 
Joint Account or the Gas Joint Account until adjustment has 
been received by Operator from the manufacturers or their 
agents.

     5.    EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES FURNISHED BY OPERATOR

Operator will charge the Oil Joint Account and/or Gas 
Joint Account, as applicable, for the cost of all 
equipment and facilities used directly or indirectly 
in Oil Unit or Gas Unit operations.  Cost is deemed 
to include all freight and handling cost, taxes of 
whatever nature, and any and all other costs associated 
with the acquisition of such equipment and facilities. 

               V.    DISPOSAL OF MATERIAL  

The Operator may purchase, but shall be under no obligation 
to purchase, interest of Non-Operators in surplus condition 



"A" or "B" Material.  The disposition of surplus Controllable 
Material, not purchased by Operator, shall be subject to 
agreement between Operator and Non-Operators, provided 
Operator shall dispose of normal accumulations of junk and 
scrap Material either by transfer or sale from the Joint 
Property.

     1.    MATERIAL PURCHASED BY THE OPERATOR OR NON-OPERATORS

Material purchased by either the Operator or Non-Operator 
shall be credited by the Operator to the Oil Joint Account 
and/or Gas Joint Account, as applicable, for the month in 
which the Material is removed by the purchaser. 

     2.    DIVISION IN KIND

Division of Material in kind, if made between Operator and 
Non-Operators, shall be in proportion to the respective 
interests in such Material.  The Parties will thereupon be 
charged individually with the value of the Material received
or receivable.  Proper credits shall be made by the Operator 
in the monthly statement of operations. 

     3.    TRANSFERS TO OUTSIDERS

Transfers to outsiders of Material from the Joint Property 
shall be credited by Operator to the Oil Joint Account and/or 
Gas Joint Account, as applicable, at the net amount collected 
by Operator from transferee.  Any claim by transferee related 
to such transfer shall be charged back to the Oil Joint Account 
and/or the Gas Joint Account if and when paid by Operator. 

           VI. BASIS OR PRICING MATERIAL TRANSFERRED FROM 
                         JOINT ACCOUNT 

 Material purchased by either Operator or Non-Operator or 
divided in kind, unless otherwise agreed to between Operator 
and Non-Operator shall be priced on the following basis:

     1.    NEW PRICE DEFINED

New price as used in this Section VI shall be the price 
specified for New Material in Section IV. 

     2.    NEW MATERIAL 

New Material (Condition "A"), being new Material procured 
for the Joint Property but never used, at one hundred percent 
(100%) of current new price (plus sales tax, if any).              

     3.    GOOD USED MATERIAL

Good used Material (Condition "B"), being used Material in 
sound and serviceable condition, suitable for reuse without 
reconditioning, at seventy-five percent (75%) of current new 
price. 

     4.    OTHER USED MATERIAL

Used Material (Condition "C) at fifty percent (50%) of 
current new price, being used Material which: 

           A.  Is not in sound and serviceable condition but 
     suitable for reuse after reconditioning, or 

           B.  Is serviceable for original function but not 
     suitable for reconditioning. 

     5.    BAD-ORDER MATERIAL

Material (Condition "D") no longer suitable for its original 


purpose without excessive repair cost but usable for some 
other purpose, at a price comparable with that of items 
normally used for such other purposes. 

     6.    JUNK MATERIAL

Junk Material (Condition "E"), being obsolete and scrap 
material, at prevailing prices. 

     7.    TEMPORARILY USED MATERIAL

When the use of Material is temporary and its service to the 
Joint Property does not justify the reduction in price as 
provided for in Paragraph 3 of this Section VI, such material 
shall be priced on a basis that will leave a net charge to 
the Oil Joint Account and/or Gas Joint Account, as applicable, 
consistent with the value of the service rendered. 

               VII.  INVENTORIES 

The Operator shall maintain detailed records of controllable 
material. 

     1.    PERIODIC INVENTORIES NOTICE AND REPRESENTATION

At reasonable intervals, inventories shall be taken by 
Operator of Material in the Oil Joint Account and the Gas 
Joint Account.  Written notice of intention to take inventory 
shall be given by Operator at least thirty (30) days before 
any inventory is to begin so that Non-Operators may be 
represented when any inventory is taken.  Failure of 
Non-Operators to be represented at an inventory shall bind 
Non-Operators to accept the inventory taken by Operator, who 
shall in that event furnish Non-Operators with a copy thereof. 

     2.    RECONCILIATION AND ADJUSTMENTS OF INVENTORY

Reconciliation of inventory which has been charged to the 
Oil Joint Account or the Gas Joint Account by the Operator 
and a list of overages and shortages shall be jointly deter-
mined by Operator and Non-Operators.  Inventory adjustment 
shall be made by Operator with the Oil Joint Account and/or 
Gas Joint Account, as applicable, for overages and short-
ages but Operator shall be held accountable to 
Non-Operators only for shortages due to gross negligence 
or willful misconduct. 

EXHIBIT   D 

                     ATTACHED TO NILAM UNIT AGREEMENT
                     EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 1, 1980  
               

     
         
           
 
                                            
     

      
                                        

                               METHODOLOGY 

                     FOR CALCULATING NILAM RESERVES   

In the following, it is assumed that Participating Interests will
be adjusted to be in accordance with the volumes of proven hy-
drocarbons in-place at standard conditions (60 degrees F, 14.696
psia) from the volumetric equations generally accepted by the
Petroleum Industry.  The method for the determination of petro-
physical parameters and for mapping each reservoir is described
below, and the basic principles on which an agreement may be 
reached are put forward. 



1.   PETROPHYSICAL PARAMETERS

     1.1   Net Sand and Net Pay 

           For each reservoir, the net sand will be taken as the 
           cumulative reservoir thickness, with a clay content 
           (Vol) equal to or less than 35% and a useful porosity
           (ou) equal to or more than 10%.  
           In the event of the successful RFT, FIT, DST or Pt, (as
           defined in paragraphs 3.2 and 3.3) in an interval 
           where the Volay is greater than 35% or useful porosity 
           less than 10%, the Volay or useful porosity limits 
           for that reservoir in that well, will be extended as 
           agreed by the NUTC. 

           The thickness will be read from the Gamma-Ray curve of
           the FDC-CNL log adjusted for hole deviation and ex-
           pressed in feet.  (Figures will be rounded to the 
           nearest feet).  In non-vertical wellbores the true 
           thickness of the sand will be calculated using the best
           available deviation data.

           Net pay is defined as the hydrocarbon bearing portion of
           the net sand (see Section 3 : Criteria for proven re-
           serves).

     

           
           
       



                                  - 2 - 



     1.2   Clay Content = (Vcl) 

           The clay content will be calculated from the Gamma-Ray
           reading, using the formula:

                           GR - GR min 
               Vcl =     ________________
                         GR clay - GR min 

           Where   =     GR min = GR reading in the clean sands 
           
           GR clay =     GR reading in the adjacent shales,
                         except organic shales 

           The calculations shall be made on a well-by-well basis. 

     1.3   Useful porosity - (ou) 

           Whenever possible, the useful porosity will be   
           calculated from the FDC-CHL every 2 foot interval, 
           after corrections for lithology, clay content and light
           hydrocarbons have been made.  These corrections shall 
           be made as follows: 

           a.  Correction for lithology and clay content:

                            2 (2.7l - pma)
               oNc = On +  __________________ - (Vcl x oNcl)
                                   3

               oDc = Od - (Vcl x oDCl) 

                           pma - pb
                     Od = __________
                           pma - pmf 
<PAGE>
                           pma - pcl 
                   Odcl =  _________
                           pma - pmf                        
                                        
 
  
 




                                  - 3 -  



                     pma = matrix density 
                      
                     pcl = FDC reading in the shales 
                     
                     pmf = mud filtrate density 
           
                   Oncl  = CNL reading in the shales 


           pmf values :

                         - water base mud : pmf = l + (.73 x ppm
                                                            10-6)
                         - oil base mud   : pmf = .85

           b.  Correction for light hydrocarbons :

                               7 ODC = 2 Onc
                              ______________
               b.1 Compute o1 =      9

               b.2 Compute Sw from Indonesia formula:



                                           1 
              Sw n/2  =      _____________________________
                                       Vcl
                                  (1 - ___ )
                                        2
                           
                              Vcl                  olm/2
                 Rt          _____             +  ______
                              Rcl                  a.Rw
  

                     (where m = w, n = 2, a = .81)

                     Where Rcl = shale resistivity 

                                 Rw - formation water resistivity 
                                     (see 1.4)










                                 - 4 -   



           b.3       Compute Sxo 


                                                   1 
                     Sxo =       ________________________________
                                                 Vcl
                                           (1 - _____)
                      Rxo                                             2
                                  Vcl                   o1
                               ________           +   _______     
                                   Rcl                  a.Rmf
                         

               Where a = .81 and Rmd = mud filtrate resistivity.
               If no reliable Rxo log is available, Sxo - Sw1/5 

           b.4       Compute residual hydrocarbon saturation:

                          Srh = 1 Sxo 

                     No hydrocarbon correction will be made if 
                     Srh < 0.02.

           b.5 Compute hydrocarbon density :

                         8 - 1 + Srh (1.17 + .72 o)              
                 ph =    __________________________
                             Srh (1.67 + .75 o) 

            Where o =    1         3o1 - m2.15 Odc 
                       _____  x   ___________________
                        Odc            0.85   














                                  - 5 -  


           b.6 Hydrocarbon correction:

           1.07 o1 Srh [pmf (1.11 - .15 ppm .10-6) -1.15ph]   
           ______________________________________________ +oDc
    oDc =                         pmf - pma


        
                    o1 Srh x (0 - 1.67 ph + .17)
      oNc =        ____________________________
                               J                + oNc

           Where J = (1 - ppm -6 )


           b.7 Compute new o1 where o1 =    7 oDC + 2 oNC  
                                            _____________ 
                                                  9

           b.7 Go back to step b.2 (iterate 3 times)  

           b.9 ou= o1 (after 3 iterations) 

     c.    For caved intervals: as the FDC-CNL is not reliable, 
           useful porosity will be calculated from the sonic log 
           corrected for clay content and compaction. 

                    1     t zone -  t ma             t cl -  t ma
               ou = __    --------------  - Vcl x    ------------ 
                    Cp    t mf -   t ma              t mf -  t ma
   


















                                  - 6 -  



           Where Cp, comparison factor = 1
                t ma = matrix transit time 
                t cl = sonic reading in shales 
                t mf = mud filtrate transit time 


           For water base muds,  t mf = 189 microsecs/ft. 
           for oil base muds,    t mf = 210 microsecs/ft. 


     d.    For detrital coals within a sand, porosity will be 
           taken from average porosity values in the adjacent 
           intervals within the sand. 


     1.4   Water Resistivity : (Rw)

           A table of Rw values, reservoir by reservoir wig be 
           established by the Nilam Unit Technical Committee. 
           This table will be updated as new information is 
           gathered.  

     1.5   Water Saturation :  (Sw)

           Water Saturation shall be calculated every 2 feet using 
           the Schlumberger Sw formula for Indonesia :

                                      1
           Swn/2 =   ______________________________________
                           (1 - Vcl)
                                ___
                                 2
             Rt           Vcl                +      ou m/2 
                      ______________           ____________
                            Rcl                     aRw

               Where : a = .81,   m = 2,   n = 2











                                  - 7 - 



     Rt is the uncorrected value of the deep Resistivity curve 
     from the Induction logs (except for wells Nilam 4, 5, 8, 40
     and 43 where the uncorrected reading of the Dual Laterolog 
     will be taken from average values in the adjacent intervals 
     within the sane. 

     1.6   Clay and Matrix Parameters 

           (Rcl,  tcl, Oncl, pcl  tma, pma cp)

           All these parameters will be deduced from the    
           appropriate standard cross-plots.  Whenever possible
           these cross-plots will be made for each zone (i.e. D, E,
           F, G), in order to take into account the changes of 
           these parameters with depth.  The chosen values will 
           be, whenever possible, kept constant all over the 
           NILAM Unit. 


2.   VOLUME COMPUTATION:

     2.1   Net-pay Maps 

           In addition to the usual considerations of fluids and 
           pressure incompatibilities, which lead to the de-
           finition of separated reservoirs the following 
           principles will be applied:

           The contour interval will be 10 feet unless the 
           thickest net sand in a reservoir is 15 feet, or 
           less, in which case the contour interval will be 
           5 feet. 

















                                  - 8 -  



           2.1.1  Maximum thickness  = The maximum thickness of one
           reservoir will be equal to the thickest net sand en-
           countered by a well, adjusted for hole deviation, 
           rounded to the next higher 5 feet (e.g. well bore sand
           = 18'; max. thickness = 20'; wellbore sand = 
           25' ; max thickness = 25').

           2.1.2  Zero contours = The zero contour will be extra-
           polated from sand values in a reservoir (linear extra-
           polation), except in cases where a zero sand well 
           would fall within the extrapolated zone.  In such cases,
           the zero contour will be drawn through the zero sand  
           well, and other contours linearly interpolated between
           0 and the nearest sand. 
    

           2.1.3  Single well reservoirs = If a reservoir in a 
           well is further than 2 km from the nearest other well in
           the same reservoir it will be considered as a single 
           well reservoir.  No mapping shall be attempted for 
           single well reservoirs.  The corresponding reserves 
           will be computed by acreage assignment. 

           2.1.4  Acreage assignment = For a reservoir which cannot
           be mapped (see 2.1.3), volumes will be calculated by 
           assigning to each well an area over which the wellbore 
           net pay will be considered as constant. 
           
           
      
  
     
















                                  - 9 -  



           The acreage thus assigned will be a circle around the 
           well containing 320 acres for a gas reservoir, and a 
           circle around the well containing 80 acres for an oil 
           reservoir. 

     2.1.5 The subsurface trace of the wellbore will be calculated
           from available deviation data.  Mapping of sands will 
           be carried out using the true subsurface position and 
           true vertical thickness. 

     2.1.6 Net pay maps = Will be constructed from net sand maps 
           prepared as above, taking hydrocarbon contacts into 
           consideration.  (Net pay defined in 1.1.1)

     2.1.7 No mapping will be attempted between wells in any given 
           reservoir greater than two kilometers apart, or more 
           than two kilometers beyond well control. 



     2.2   Hydrocarbon Volumes 

           2.2.1     Volumes of hydrocarbons at standard conditions
           will be defined as :

                     Vsc - VRC / FVF

                     where VRC is the reservoir rock volume as 
                     calculated by planimetry from an agreed 
                     net pay map of the reservoir in question, 
                     multiplied by oavg x (1-Sw avg.) and FVF 
                     is the formation volume factor. 


















                                 - 10 -  


                              (h x ou)
           with oavg =     ______________
                                 h


             Sw avg  =        (h x ou x Sw) 
                              _____________
                                (h x ou) 


           and h, is the true vertical thickness of the pay 
           interval (normally 2 feet) corresponding to each
           value of ou, Sw. 
           All the values of ou and Sw from all the wells in 
           a given reservoir will be considered and given 
           equal weight. 

     2.2.2 Datum level = The datum level will be chosen for 
           each reservoir to be the midpoint between the 
           highest proven oil or gas and the lowest proven 
           oil or gas in that reservoir. 

     2.2.3 Formation volume factor = gas (BG)
           The formation volume factor for gas will be defined 
           as : 
                            Psc Tz
                     Bg =  ____________   cuft/SCF 
                             Tsc P

           where Psc = 14.696 Psia;  Tsc = 520.0 Or



















                                 - 11 -  




           Values of P and T should be average reservoir 
           pressure and temperature determined from DST and/or 
           BHP surveys when available and reliable.  Actual gas 
           analysis data will be used for the calculation of '2'
           when available and reliable. 


           In lieu of the above data, the following empirical 
           formulas should be used:

                     Zone D, z = 0.8899
                     Zone E, z = 0.9328
                     Zone F, z = 1.0052
                     Zone G, z = 1.0589

           The value of P, T will be taken from the following 
           formulae:

                     T (Or) = 0.0206d = 464.0
                     P (Psia = 0.4820d = 397.0

           where d = depth sub-sea, in feet, of the reservoir's
           datum level where d is deeper than 7,000 feet. 

     2.2.4 Formation volume factor = oil (Bo)

           For the purpose of the unitization, the Parties agree 
           to use the average oil formation volume factor available
           from FLASH analysis, at normal operating conditions,
           of recombined samples of the reservoir oil, zone by 
           zone (D, E, F, G).  In the case where no PVT flash 
           data are available for the zone in question, the Bo 
           value of the nearest zone where it has been measured 
           will be used. 

 
           









3.   CRITERIA FOR PROVEN RESERVES

     3.1   Correlations and Maps 

     3.1.1 Gas zones: Gas reserves are considered proven in a 
           well when all of the following conditions are met,:             

           - the zones has Vclay less than or equal to 35%
             and ou  equal to or greater than 10%, subject to 
             paragraph 1.1.

           - the zone is logically correlated to a proven area 
             of the reservoir (regardless of structural position)
            
           - the sand can be logically extended (i.e. mapped 
             within the limitation of paragraph 2.1.3)

           - the calculated Sw in the cleanest part of the zone 
             is below the following cut-off (otherwise one of 
             the following tests is required : DST,m RFT, FIT or
             Pt)

                           Vcl < 10%    Sw < 50%
                     10% < Vcl < 20%    Sw < 55%
                     20% < Vcl < 30%    Sw < 60%
                     30% < Vcl < 35%    Sw < 65% 

            If Vcl > 30%, regardless of the Sw value, and the sand 
            is below the LPG one of the following tests is required 
            to prove gas reserves : RFT, FIT, DST OR PT.  






















                                 - 13 -  



           3.1.2     Oil zones : Oil reserves are proven in a well 
                     when all of the following conditions are ful-
                     filled :  

                     - the zone has Vclay less than or equal to 35%
                       and ou equal to or greater than 10%, subject
                       to Paragraph 1.1.

                     - the zone is logically correlated to a proven 
                       area of the reservoir

                     - the sane can be logically extended, and the
                       well is less than 1 km from the nearest   
                       proven oil well in the reservoir.

                     - if the zone is below the LPO, the calculated
                       Sw is less than the following cut-off 
                       otherwise, one of the following tests is 
                       required : DST, RFT, FIT, or Pt)

                           Vcl < 10 %   Sw < 40%
                     10% < Vcl < 20 %   Sw < 45%
                     20% < Vcl < 30 %   Sw < 50%

                     (If Vcl > 30%, one of the following tests is
                     required to prove reserves : RFT,DST,FIT,PT).

                     If the zone is above the HPO, one of the 
                     following tests is required to determine if
                     the hydrocarbon is oil  : DST, FIT, RFT, PT,
                     otherwise it is proved gas. 

















                                 - 14 -  


           3.2 RFT and FIT tests

               A RFT or a FIT showing a minimum recovery of 2 SCF
               of gas, will be considered as proving gas reserves, 
               or 1 liter of oil (with a maximum GOR of 3000      
               SCF/STB) will be considered as proving oil reserves.

           3.3 DST and PT

               Recovery of a minimum of 200,000 SCF/D of gas, 
               will be considered as proving gas reserves. 
               The recovery of a minimum of 10 BOPD, with a GOR 
               or less than 3000 SCF/STB will be considered as 
               proving oil reserves. 

           3.4 In cases where a DST or PT and either a RFT or a FIT
               have been carried out on the same zone (and are both
               mechanically successful), only the DST or PT result 
               will be used. 































                                 - 15 -  



                  DEFINITIONS OF TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS

Page 2

           Vcl       = clay content expressed in percent 
           FDC       = Formation Density Compensated 
           CNL       = Compensated Neutron Log 

           GR        = Gamma Ray 
           GR min    = minimum Gamma Ray reading in API units 
           GR max    = maximum Gamma Ray reading 
           Onc       = porosity from neutron log corrected for clay
           oDc       = porosity from density log corrected for clay
           oN        = porosity from neutron log 
           pma       = matrix density in gm/cc
           oNcl      = neutron porosity of clay 
           oD        = porosity calculated from density log 
           pcl       = clay density 
           pmf       = density of mud filtrate 
           oDcl      = porosity from density log of clay 

Page 3

           o1        = porosity corrected for light hydrocarbon  
                       effects 
           Sw        = water saturation 
           Rt        = resistivity from log 
           Rw        = formation water resistivity 
           Rcl       = resistivity of clay 





















                                  - 16 - 



Page 4

           Sxo       = flushed zone water saturation 
           Rxo       = resistivity of flushed zone 
           Rmf       = resistivity of mud filtrate 
           Srh       = residual hydrocarbon saturation 
           ph        = hydrocarbon density 


Page 5

           oNC       = porosity from neutron log corrected for 
                       clay and light hydrocarbon 
           oDC       = porosity from density log corrected for 
                       clay and light hydrocarbons 
           ppm       = mud filtrate salinity expressed in ppm 
           Cp        = compaction factor 
            tma      = interval transit time of the matrix 
            tcl      = interval transit time of the clay 
            tmf      = interval transit time of the mud filtrate 
            t zone   = interval transit time of the zone 

Page 9

           Bg        =  Formation Volume Factor for gas 
           Pst       =  Pressure at Standard Conditions 
           T         =  Reservoir Temperature (oR)
           z         =  Supercompressibility Factor 
           Tsc       =  Temperature at Standard Conditions 
           P         =  Reservoir Pressure (psia)
           oR        =  Degrees Rankin 
           SCF       =  Standard Cubic Feet 
           Psia      =  Pounds per square inch absolute 
           cu ft     =  Cubic Foot
           
            












                                  - 17 - 



Page 11 

           Bo        = Formation Volume Factor for oil 
           PVT       = Pressure Volume Temperature 
           

Page 12

           DST       = Drill Stem Test
           PT        = Production Test 
           LPG       = Low Proven Gas - The lowest structural 

                                        occurrence of proven gas as
                                        defined in Section 3.1.1
           

Page 13

           LPO       = Low Proven Oil - The lowest structural 
                                        occurrence of proven oil 
                                        as defined in Section 3.1.2

           HPO       =  High Proven Oil - The highest structural 
                                          occurrence of proven oil
                                          as defined in Section 
                                          3.1.2

Page 14

           SCF/D     = Standard Cubic Feet/Day
           STB       = Stock Tank Barrel
           BOPD      = Barrels Oil Per Day
           GOR       = Gas Oil Ratio
            
 
               <PAGE>
Jakarta

December 6, 1982

PERTAMINA
Bacan Koordinator Kontraktor Asing
Annex Building, 5th Fl.
Jln. Merdeka Timur 1-A
Jakarta

Attn:  Mr. D. Zahar
       Head of BKKA



Dear Sir:

Re:  Nilam Unit Agreement           
     
     Section 2.2 of the Nilam Unit Agreement provides for a final
redetermination of Participating Interests in the Nilam Oil Unit
and Nilam Gas Unit based on data available on June 30, 1982.

     Such adjustment of Participating Interests requires
Pertamina's approval before being used for purposes of the Huffco
Contract and the Inpex Contract, as those terms are defined in the
Nilam Unit Agreement.

     The parties have now reviewed the data available on June 30,
1982, and are in agreement that:

     The Participating Interests of the parties in Oil and the Oil
Unit shall be as follows:

     Huffington Venturers:              78.84%
     Total Venturers:                   21.16%

     The Participating Interests of the parties in Gas and Natural
Gas Liquids and in the Gas Unit shall be as follows:

     Huffington Venturers:              81.43%
     Total Venturers:                   18.57%

     In accordance with the terms of the Nilam Unit Agreement,
Huffco and Total request that Pertamina approve the revised
Participating Interests as above stated.

     It is our understanding that the Nilam Unit Agreement has been
approved in principle by the Government, subject only to their
approval of the final Participating Interests.  We request
therefore, that when confirming your approval pursuant to Section
2.2, you confirm the Government's approval of the Nilam Unit
Agreement and the final Participating Interests as set out above.

Very truly yours,


For and on behalf of                    For and on behalf of

HUFFCO VENTURERS:                       TOTAL VENTURERS:


/S/                                     /S/
J.R. Weyler                             J. M. Demanche
President, Huffco Indonesia             General Manager, Total
                                        Indonesie

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.52
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

[MOBIL OIL INDONESIA INC. LETTERHEAD]

14 February, 1995

Mr. J.M. Hosanski
Vice President LNG
TOTAL Indonesie

Mr. S.G. Leson
Vice President LNG & Operations
UNOCAL

Mr. C.L. Harris
Vice President LNG
VICO


Gentlemen,

     The purpose of this letter is to confirm our understanding
regarding the allocation of supply entitlements between the Arun
Plant and Bontang Plant for LNG sales made by PERTAMINA.  The
agreement of supply allocation will support PERTAMINA's LNG
marketing objectives and facilitate effective planning and
implementation of PERTAMINA's LNG sales contracts.

     Effective 1 January 1995, all contracts for additional LNG
sales entered into (or in a form which has been substantially
agreed to) before 1 January 1996 will be allocated 100% to the
Bontang Plant.  It is acknowledged the supply allocation for the
extensions of the 1973 and 1981 Japanese Western Buyers contracts
(10 and 5 years, respectively), the medium term sale to Korea Gas
Corporation (MOA dated 30 September 1994), the medium term sale to
Chinese Petroleum Corporation (MOA dated 6 December 1994), the long
term sales to Korea Gas Corporation and Chinese Petroleum
Corporation (Badak V and Badak VI, respectively), the two year
extension of the Chubu Yokkaichi Sales Contract, and the sale to
Korea Gas Corporation for two additional cargoes in February 1995
are allocated 100% to the Bontang Plant.

     The parties also acknowledge that because (1) the Arun Plant
has sufficient inventory and was ready and able to deliver its
entitlement to the last 1973 Sales Contract cargo transported on
the LNG tanker Libra in 1994, but (2) that at Pertamina's direction
such cargo was transferred to and loaded at Bontang on December 22,
1994, in order to provide sufficient inventory at both Plants for
the delivery of the two additional cargoes to Korea Gas Corporation
in February 1995, Arun's 1994 entitlement to such cargo was carried
forward to 1995.  The parties further acknowledge that the 1973
Sales Contract cargo transported on the LNG tanker Libra originally
scheduled to be lifted from the Bontang Plant on January 11, 1995,
was transferred to and loaded at the Arun Plant on January 11,
1995, in full satisfaction of Arun's 1994 carry-forward
entitlement.

     Representatives from MOBIL, TOTAL, UNOCAL and VICO will
consult with each other with a view to agreeing before the end of
1995 to the allocation of supply entitlements for additional LNG
sales entered into 1 January 1996 and after.

     If this letter reflects our agreement on the allocation of
supply entitlements please sign four original copies attached.


                                   Very truly yours,

                                   /S/
                                   J.B. King
                                   Vice President Gas Product


TOTAL Indonesie          UNOCAL Indonesia Company      VICO
Indonesia

By:  /S/            By:  /S/                      By:  /S/                 

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.55
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>


                        PACKAGE V SUPPLY AGREEMENT

              (1995-1999 LNG SALES TO KOREA GAS CORPORATION)


                                  between


                                 PERTAMINA


                                    and


                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                                    and
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY




                     Dated: June 16, 1995    
                     Effective: September 30, 1994
<PAGE>
                        PACKAGE V SUPPLY AGREEMENT
              (1995-1999 LNG SALES TO KOREA GAS CORPORATION) 

    THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta on
June 16, 1995, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA
INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED, OPICOIL
HOUSTON, INC., UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS &
OIL COMPANY, INC., and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein
referred to collectively as "Contractors" and individually as
"Contractor"), on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH:

    A.   WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all
of the interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and
Restated Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but
effective as of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended
is herein referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract
dated April 23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such
contract  as  hereafter  amended is herein referred to as the
"Renewed Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract are herein referred to collectively as the "Production
Sharing Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein referred
to as the "VICO Contract Area";  and

    B.   WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts,
each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive,
sell and freely export its respective share of the Natural Gas
produced and saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage
share of such Natural Gas to which each of PERTAMINA and
Contractors is entitled, as determined under the Production Sharing
Contracts, is herein referred to as the "Production Sharing
Percentage" of such party);  and

    C.   WHEREAS, the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO
Contract Area exceed the reserves of Natural Gas committed to be
produced, supplied and delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to
meet a portion of PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales
contracts, LPG sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts; 
and

    D.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors,
has constructed and expanded and is further expanding the Natural
Gas liquefaction and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on
the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as the
"Bontang Plant");  and

    E.   WHEREAS, funds for the expansion of the liquefaction
plant will be provided to PERTAMINA through financing of the cost
of such expansion on terms, mutually agreeable to PERTAMINA and
Contractors, which provide for the repayment of funds provided
pursuant to such financing and the cost of such funds (repayment of
funds and the cost of such funds are hereinafter referred to as
"Financing Costs"); and

    F.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the
Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of
February 9, 1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing
Agreement"), which provides for the operation of the Bontang Plant
and the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as
determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein
referred to as "Plant Operating Costs");  and

    G.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use
the Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract
Gas (as defined in Section 2.2 hereof) and the Other Contract Gas
(as defined in Section 2.3 hereof);  and

    H.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors
and its production sharing contractors in other contract areas in
East Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas"),
has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement dated September 30,
1994, ("MOA", and unless otherwise so stated, any terms defined in
the MOA shall have the same meanings when used herein) with Korea
Gas Corporation ("Buyer") pursuant to which PERTAMINA is obligated
to sell to Buyer certain quantities of LNG on an ex-ship basis and
certain quantities of LNG on an FOB basis; and 

    I.   WHEREAS, the MOA provides that the Natural Gas to be
processed into LNG and sold by PERTAMINA under the MOA is to be
produced from the areas in East Kalimantan covered by production
sharing contracts between PERTAMINA and its suppliers, which
consists of the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas;
and 

    J.   WHEREAS, arrangements for the transportation of the
ex-ship quantities pursuant to the MOA and for the payment of costs
respecting such transportation will be made on terms mutually
agreeable to PERTAMINA and Contractors (herein referred to as
"Transportation Costs"); and

    K.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to
supply and deliver Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in
support of the performance by PERTAMINA of an agreed portion of its
obligations under the MOA; and 

    L.   WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as herein
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement, 

    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE 1
                        EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION

    This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of September 30,
1994, and shall terminate on the date when all rights and
obligations of Contractors hereunder have been satisfied.


                                 ARTICLE 2
                      SUPPLY COMMITMENT AND QUANTITY

    2.1  Net Gas Requirement.  The total quantity of net
Natural Gas required to be supplied and delivered out of proved
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for
liquefaction and sale as LNG under the MOA is estimated to be .3243
trillion standard cubic feet ("t.s.c.f.").  Such quantity is herein
referred to as the "MOA Net Gas Requirement".  The MOA Net Gas
Requirement is based on the Fixed Quantities which Buyer has
committed to purchase pursuant to the terms of the MOA.

    2.2  VICO Contract Gas.  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby
commit and agree to supply and deliver from proved economically
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in specific fields within the
VICO Contract Area sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from
the liquefaction thereof) to meet a portion of the MOA Net Gas
Requirement over the term of this Supply Agreement consisting of
0.0700 t.s.c.f., or 21.5956% thereof.  Such quantities of net
Natural Gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply
Agreement are herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and
the above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the
"Producers' Percentage".  The specific fields from which the VICO
Contract Gas will be committed are identified in the supplemental
memorandum entered into among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas pursuant
to the Memorandum of Understanding Re:  Supply Agreements and
Package V Sales dated October 5, 1994 (the "Package V Supplemental
Memorandum").   The VICO participating fields and the quantities in
each field comprising the VICO Contract Gas are as follows:

    Participating Fields           Quantity of Gas (t.s.c.f.)
    Badak                               0.0232
    Lampake                             0.0020
    Mutiara                             0.0093
    Nilam                               0.0245
    Pamaguan                            0.0003
    Semberah                            0.0107
The quantities committed from each field are subject to revision
from time to time, as the reserves from the fields may be updated
and as additional data, from deliverability studies and otherwise,
become available.

    2.3  Other Contract Gas.  To meet the balance of the MOA
Net Gas Requirement, constituting  0.2543 t.s.c.f., or  78.4044%
thereof, sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the
liquefaction thereof) will be committed for supply and delivery by
PERTAMINA and its production sharing contractors from proved
economically recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Other
Contract Areas by separate supply agreements, similar hereto and
compatible herewith, executed and delivered concurrently herewith
(such amounts are herein collectively referred to as the "Other
Contract Gas").  The specific fields from which the Other Contract
Gas will be committed are also identified in the Package V
Supplemental Memorandum.

    2.4  DeGolyer and MacNaughton Certification.  The amounts
of net Natural Gas constituting the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas are part of the estimates of proved recoverable
reserves of Natural Gas as certified by the independent consultant
firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton in written statements based on
data available on May 31, 1994.

    The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof and the
Producers' Percentage were established by PERTAMINA at a meeting on
May 29, 1995 of the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee.


                                 ARTICLE 3
                        COORDINATION OF GAS SUPPLY

    The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to
secure the optimal ultimate recovery of Natural Gas. The supply of
Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract
Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve and permit
full utilization of such Natural Gas.  The sources of supply,
producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related matters shall
be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee, consisting of representatives from PERTAMINA, VICO,
TOTAL Indonesie and Unocal Indonesia Company.


                                 ARTICLE 4
                ADMINISTRATION, INSURANCE AND CONSULTATION

    4.1  MOA.  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and
prompt administration of the MOA for the benefit of PERTAMINA and
Contractors.  All matters which affect the MOA or the sale,
transportation and delivery of LNG thereunder will be administered
by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and the
representative appointed by Contractors under Article 9 hereof.  It
is understood, however, that it will be necessary from time to time
for PERTAMINA, as seller under the MOA, to take certain
administrative and operational actions without prior consultation
where immediate action is required.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of any such action.  

    4.2  Insurance.  PERTAMINA shall ensure that the interests
of it and each Contractor in respect of each ex-ship cargo of LNG
transported by PERTAMINA from the Bontang Plant to Buyer shall be
adequately insured pursuant to arrangements mutually agreed to by
PERTAMINA and each Contractor. PERTAMINA and each Contractor shall
be entitled to receive its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of any proceeds paid under a marine insurance
policy covering an ex-ship cargo of LNG being transported from the
Bontang Plant.  Such proceeds shall be remitted by the insurer
directly to the bank designated as Trustee pursuant to Article 6
hereof.


    4.3  Consultation.  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to
consult with each other freely on all matters relating to the MOA. 
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the MOA or to any permitted action or election
thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a change
in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto, a
memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as soon
as feasible and signed by each party hereto.

                                 ARTICLE 5
                       TITLE, DELIVERY AND INVOICING

    5.1  Title.  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from
the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract
Gas to be delivered to Buyer at the "Delivery Point" as that term
is defined in the MOA.  Title to each Contractor's share of the LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas shall pass
to PERTAMINA at the same time as the passage of title from
PERTAMINA to Buyer pursuant to the MOA.  

    5.2  Delivery and Invoicing.  At the time of delivery of
each cargo of LNG to Buyer at the relevant "Delivery Point",
PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with appropriate documentation
to evidence the quantity and quality of LNG delivered, together
with copies of the invoices to Buyer in respect of the sale of LNG
in question.  PERTAMINA will also furnish Contractors with a copy
of each invoice or billing delivered to Buyer on account of
interest or other payment obligation of Buyer pursuant to the MOA
concurrently with its being furnished to Buyer.  Calculation of the
Contract Sales Price as provided for in the MOA, the amount of
sales invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any adjustments,
shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior
to presentation to Buyer.


                                 ARTICLE 6
                          ENTITLEMENT AND PAYMENT

    6.1  Contractor Entitlement.  The amounts to be paid to
each Contractor for its share of the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of Natural Gas to be supplied under this Supply
Agreement shall be its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of the sum of:

    (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyer to PERTAMINA for LNG
sold and delivered under the MOA;

    (b)  all other amounts which Buyer shall become obligated
to pay pursuant to the MOA with regard to deliveries of LNG
thereunder including, but not limited to, any interest accruing on
overdue invoice payments;

    (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and

    (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
this Section 6.1.

    6.2  PERTAMINA Assignment of Contractor Percentage Share. 
In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of the
payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section 6.1
hereof, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor that
Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 6.1 hereof.

    6.3  Method of Payment.  Throughout the term of this Supply
Agreement, all those payments referred to in Section 6.1 hereof
shall be paid in U.S. Dollars, directly to  BankAmerica
International in New York City (or such other leading bank in the
United States as shall be selected by PERTAMINA and approved by
Contractors) pursuant to a Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, the
parties to which shall be PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee
thereunder.  Amounts so received by the Trustee  shall  be  used
for payment of (i) Financing Costs; (ii) an agreed  portionof 
Plant Operating Costs; (iii) Transportation Costs in respect of the
ex-ship cargoes; and (iv) other costs approved by PERTAMINA and
Contractors. Amounts received by the Trustee, to the extentthat
they are not used for payment of the costs referred to in the
preceding sentence, shall, insofar as they are applicable to the
VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to PERTAMINA  and each  Contractor
in accordance with its Production Sharing Percentage at a bank or
banks of its choice.  

    6.4  Contractors' Right to Payment.  The right of
Contractors to the payments provided for in this Article 6 shall
extend throughout the term of this Supply Agreement and shall not
be affected by the production rates or sources of Natural Gas
supplied from the VICO Contract Gas or the Other Contract Gas from
time to time during the term hereof.


                                 ARTICLE 7
                              DELIVERABILITY

    7.1  Oversupply of VICO Contract Gas.  If the quantities
of net Natural Gas produced from the participating fields within
the VICO Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply
Agreement exceed in the aggregate the quantity of the VICO Contract
Gas, the Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues
to be paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be
increased, and Contractors, together with PERTAMINA, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas
from reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such excess
quantities.

    7.2  Shortfall of VICO Contract Gas.  If the quantities of
net Natural Gas produced from the participating fields within the
VICO Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement
are in the aggregate less than the quantity of the VICO Contract
Gas, the Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues
to be paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be
reduced, and the production sharing contractors in the Other
Contract Areas and any new contract area, together with PERTAMINA,
will be credited with and have the right to receive revenue from
future marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net
Natural Gas from reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess
quantities delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area.


                                 ARTICLE 8
                       ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

    8.1  Arbitration.  All disputes arising in connection with
this Supply Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration
conducted in the English language in Paris, France, by three
arbitrators under the Rules of Arbitration of the International
Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment upon the award rendered may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction, or application may be
made to such court for a juridical acceptance of the award and an
order of enforcement, as the case may be.  
    8.2  Governing Law.  This Supply Agreement shall be
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, United States of America.  


                                 ARTICLE 9
                        CONTRACTORS' REPRESENTATIVE

    VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 hereof and for the giving of notices, responses or
other communications to and from Contractors under this Supply
Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written notice to
such effect from Contractors to PERTAMINA.

                                ARTICLE 10
                                  NOTICES

    Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail, cable, telex or facsimile to the following addresses:

    To PERTAMINA:

    PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
    (PERTAMINA)
    Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
    Jakarta, Indonesia 
    Attention:  Head of BPPKA

    Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
    Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
    Facsimile:  3846932


    To Contractors:

    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
    6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
    South Tower
    Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
    P.O. Box 2828
    Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
    Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia

    Cable:  VICO
    Telex:  62458 or 62468
    Facsimile:  523-6100

    cc:  VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
         One Houston Center
         1221 McKinney
         Suite 700
         P.O. Box 1551
         Houston, Texas 77251-1551
         U.S.A.
         Attention:  Chairman
 
         Telex:  166-100
         Facsimile:  (713) 754-6698

A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.


                                ARTICLE 11
                               MISCELLANEOUS

    11.1 Amendment.  This Supply Agreement shall not be amended
or modified except by written agreement signed by the parties
hereto.

    11.2 Successors and Assigns.  This Supply Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, PERTAMINA and each
Contractor, their respective successors and assigns, provided that
this Supply Agreement shall be assignable by a Contractor only if
such Contractor concurrently assigns to the same assignee an equal
interest in the Production Sharing Contracts.

    11.3 Exclusivity.  The parties to this Supply Agreement shall
be the only persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations
hereunder of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities
not parties to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to
enforce any of the obligations hereunder of any of the parties
hereto.

    11.4 Headings and Subheadings.  The Article headings and
subheadings used herein are for convenience of reference only.


    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.



PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK    CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



BY                  /S/                     BY                  /S/        
              



         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED



         BY                  /S/        
              



         OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.



         BY                  /S/        
              


         UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
         LIMITED



         BY                  /S/        
              



         UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.



         BY                  /S/        
              



         VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY



         BY                  /S/        
              

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.56
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

                        PACKAGE V SUPPLY AGREEMENT 

          (1998-1999 LNG SALES TO CHINESE PETROLEUM CORPORATION)


                                  between


                                 PERTAMINA


                                    and


                        VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
                         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED
                           OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.
                    UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED
                     UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.
                                    and
                      VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY




                     Dated: June 16, 1995
                     Effective: December 6, 1994
<PAGE>
                        PACKAGE V SUPPLY AGREEMENT
          (1998-1999 LNG SALES TO CHINESE PETROLEUM CORPORATION) 

    THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT, made and entered into in Jakarta on
June 16, 1995, by and between PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN
GAS BUMI NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"), on the one hand, and VIRGINIA
INDONESIA COMPANY ("VICO"), LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED, OPICOIL
HOUSTON, INC., UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN LIMITED, UNIVERSE GAS &
OIL COMPANY, INC., and VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY (herein
referred to collectively as "Contractors" and individually as
"Contractor"), on the other hand,

                                WITNESSETH:

    A.   WHEREAS, Contractors individually own or control all
of the interest of "Contractors" in that certain Amended and
Restated Production Sharing Contract, dated April 23, 1990, but
effective as of August 8, 1968 (such contract as hereafter amended
is herein referred to as the "Amended and Restated Production
Sharing Contract") and that certain Production Sharing Contract
dated April 23, 1990, but effective as of August 8, 1998 (such
contract  as  hereafter  amended is herein referred to as the
"Renewed Production Sharing Contract").  The Amended and Restated
Production Sharing Contract and the Renewed Production Sharing
Contract are herein referred to collectively as the "Production
Sharing Contracts" and the area covered thereby is herein referred
to as the "VICO Contract Area";  and

    B.   WHEREAS, pursuant to the Production Sharing Contracts,
each of PERTAMINA and Contractors is entitled to take and receive,
sell and freely export its respective share of the Natural Gas
produced and saved from the VICO Contract Area (the percentage
share of such Natural Gas to which each of PERTAMINA and
Contractors is entitled, as determined under the Production Sharing
Contracts, is herein referred to as the "Production Sharing
Percentage" of such party);  and

    C.   WHEREAS, the reserves of Natural Gas in the VICO
Contract Area exceed the reserves of Natural Gas committed to be
produced, supplied and delivered by PERTAMINA and Contractors to
meet a portion of PERTAMINA's existing obligations under LNG sales
contracts, LPG sales contracts, and domestic gas sales contracts; 
and

    D.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, with assistance from Contractors,
has constructed and expanded and is further expanding the Natural
Gas liquefaction and related facilities located at Bontang Bay, on
the east coast of Kalimantan, Indonesia (herein referred to as the
"Bontang Plant");  and

    E.   WHEREAS, funds for the expansion of the liquefaction
plant will be provided to PERTAMINA through financing of the cost
of such expansion on terms, mutually agreeable to PERTAMINA and
Contractors, which provide for the repayment of funds provided
pursuant to such financing and the cost of such funds (repayment of
funds and the cost of such funds are hereinafter referred to as
"Financing Costs"); and

    F.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors are parties to the
Amended and Restated Bontang Processing Agreement dated as of
February 9, 1988 (as from time to time amended, the "Processing
Agreement"), which provides for the operation of the Bontang Plant
and the payment of the costs of such operation (such costs as
determined in accordance with the Processing Agreement are herein
referred to as "Plant Operating Costs");  and

    G.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and Contractors have agreed to use
the Bontang Plant in part for the liquefaction of the VICO Contract
Gas (as defined in Section 2.2 hereof) and the Other Contract Gas
(as defined in Section 2.3 hereof);  and

    H.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA, in collaboration with Contractors
and its production sharing contractors in other contract areas in
East Kalimantan (herein referred to as the "Other Contract Areas"),
has entered into a Memorandum of Agreement dated December 6, 1994
("MOA", and unless otherwise so stated, any terms defined in the
MOA shall have the same meanings when used herein) with Chinese
Petroleum Corporation ("Buyer") pursuant to which PERTAMINA is
obligated to sell to Buyer certain quantities of LNG on an ex ship
basis; and 

    I.   WHEREAS, the MOA provides that the Natural Gas to be
processed into LNG and sold by PERTAMINA under the MOA is to be
produced from the areas in East Kalimantan covered by production
sharing contracts between PERTAMINA and its suppliers, which
consists of the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract Areas;
and 

    J.   WHEREAS, arrangements for the transportation of the ex
ship quantities pursuant to the MOA and for the payment of costs
respecting such transportation will be made on terms mutually
agreeable to PERTAMINA and Contractors (herein referred to as
"Transportation Costs"); and

    K.   WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and each Contractor desire to
supply and deliver Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area in
support of the performance by PERTAMINA of an agreed portion of its
obligations under the MOA; and 

    L.   WHEREAS, each Contractor desires to dispose of its
Production Sharing Percentage of the VICO Contract Gas (as herein
defined) in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement, 

    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE 1
                        EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION

    This Supply Agreement shall be effective as of December 6,
1994, and shall terminate on the date when all rights and
obligations of Contractors hereunder have been satisfied.


                                 ARTICLE 2
                      SUPPLY COMMITMENT AND QUANTITY

    2.1  Net Gas Requirement.  The total quantity of net
Natural Gas required to be supplied and delivered out of proved
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in East Kalimantan for
liquefaction and sale as LNG under the MOA is estimated to be
0.0482 trillion standard cubic feet ("t.s.c.f.").  Such quantity is
herein referred to as the "MOA Net Gas Requirement".  The MOA Net
Gas Requirement is based on the Fixed Quantities which Buyer has
committed to purchase pursuant to the terms of the MOA.

    2.2  VICO Contract Gas.  PERTAMINA and Contractors hereby
commit and agree to supply and deliver from proved economically
recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in specific fields within the
VICO Contract Area sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from
the liquefaction thereof) to meet a portion of the MOA Net Gas
Requirement over the term of this Supply Agreement consisting of
0.0104 t.s.c.f., or 21.5956% thereof.  Such quantities of net
Natural Gas committed to be supplied pursuant to this Supply
Agreement are herein referred to as the "VICO Contract Gas", and
the above-stated percentage is herein referred to as the
"Producers' Percentage".  The specific fields from which the VICO
Contract Gas will be committed are identified in the supplemental
memorandum entered into among PERTAMINA, Contractors and the
production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas pursuant
to the Memorandum of Understanding Re:  Supply Agreements and
Package V Sales dated October5, 1994 (the "Package V Supplemental
Memorandum").   The VICO participating fields and the quantities in
each field comprising the VICO Contract Gas are as follows:

    Participating Fields          Quantity of Gas (t.s.c.f.)
    Badak                               0.0034
    Lampake                             0.0003
    Mutiara                             0.0014
    Nilam                               0.0036
    Pamaguan                            0.0000
    Semberah                            0.0016
The quantities committed from each field are subject to revision
from time to time, as the reserves from the fields may be updated
and as additional data, from deliverability studies and otherwise,
become available.

    2.3  Other Contract Gas.  To meet the balance of the MOA
Net Gas Requirement, constituting  0.0378 t.s.c.f., or 78.4044%
thereof,  sufficient Natural Gas (and LNG resulting from the
liquefaction thereof) will be committed for supply and delivery by
PERTAMINA and its production sharing contractors from proved
economically recoverable reserves of Natural Gas in the Other
Contract Areas by separate supply agreements, similar hereto and
compatible herewith, executed and delivered concurrently herewith
(such amounts are herein collectively referred to as the "Other
Contract Gas").  The specific fields from which the Other Contract
Gas will be committed are also identified in the Package V
Supplemental Memorandum.

    2.4  DeGolyer and MacNaughton Certification.  The amounts
of net Natural Gas constituting the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas are part of the estimates of proved recoverable
reserves of Natural Gas as certified by the independent consultant
firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton in written statements based on
data available on May 31, 1994.

    The quantities for the VICO Contract Gas and the Other
Contract Gas set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3 hereof and the
Producers' Percentage were established by PERTAMINA at a meeting on
May 29, 1995 of the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee.


                                 ARTICLE 3
                        COORDINATION OF GAS SUPPLY

    The VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract Gas may be
produced from participating fields at times and production rates
which may change from time to time during the term hereof so as to
secure the optimal ultimate recovery of Natural Gas. The supply of
Natural Gas from the VICO Contract Area and the Other Contract
Areas will be coordinated by PERTAMINA so as to conserve and permit
full utilization of such Natural Gas.  The sources of supply,
producing rates, quality of gas, metering and related matters shall
be matters for study by the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee, consisting of representatives from PERTAMINA, VICO,
TOTAL Indonesie and Unocal Indonesia Company.


                                 ARTICLE 4
                ADMINISTRATION, INSURANCE AND CONSULTATION

    4.1  MOA.  PERTAMINA shall be responsible for the due and
prompt administration of the MOA for the benefit of PERTAMINA and
Contractors.  All matters which affect the MOA or the sale,
transportation and delivery of LNG thereunder will be administered
by a representative to be appointed by PERTAMINA and the
representative appointed by Contractors under Article 9 hereof.  It
is understood, however, that it will be necessary from time to time
for PERTAMINA, as seller under the MOA, to take certain
administrative and operational actions without prior consultation
where immediate action is required.  Contractors will be promptly
advised of any such action.  

    4.2  Insurance.  PERTAMINA shall ensure that the interests
of it and each Contractor in respect of each cargo of LNG
transported by PERTAMINA from the Bontang Plant to Buyer shall be
adequately insured pursuant to arrangements mutually agreed to by
PERTAMINA and each Contractor. PERTAMINA and each Contractor shall
be entitled to receive its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of any proceeds paid under a marine insurance
policy covering a cargo of LNG being transported from the Bontang
Plant.  Such proceeds shall be remitted by the insurer directly to
the bank designated as Trustee pursuant to Article 6 hereof.

    4.3  Consultation.  PERTAMINA and Contractors agree to
consult with each other freely on all matters relating to the MOA. 
PERTAMINA and Contractors shall confer and agree as to any
amendment to the MOA or to any permitted action or election
thereunder which constitutes a material adjustment in the
quantities of LNG to be sold and delivered thereunder or a change
in the terms thereof.  At the request of any party hereto, a
memorandum evidencing any such agreement shall be prepared as soon
as feasible and signed by each party hereto.


                                 ARTICLE 5
                       TITLE, DELIVERY AND INVOICING

    5.1  Title.  PERTAMINA will cause the LNG resulting from
the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the Other Contract
Gas to be delivered to Buyer at the "Delivery Point" as that term
is defined in the MOA.  Title to each Contractor's share of the LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas shall pass
to PERTAMINA at the same time as the passage of title from
PERTAMINA to Buyer pursuant to the MOA.  

    5.2  Delivery and Invoicing.  At the time of delivery of
each cargo of LNG to Buyer at the relevant "Delivery Point",
PERTAMINA will furnish Contractors with appropriate documentation
to evidence the quantity and quality of LNG delivered, together
with copies of the invoices to Buyer in respect of the sale of LNG
in question.  PERTAMINA will also furnish Contractors with a copy
of each invoice or billing delivered to Buyer on account of
interest or other payment obligation of Buyer pursuant to the MOA
concurrently with its being furnished to Buyer.  Calculation of the
Contract Sales Price as provided for in the MOA, the amount of
sales invoices and other billings to Buyer, and any adjustments,
shall be reviewed and approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors prior
to presentation to Buyer.


                                 ARTICLE 6
                          ENTITLEMENT AND PAYMENT

    6.1  Contractor Entitlement.  The amounts to be paid to
each Contractor for its share of the LNG resulting from the
liquefaction of Natural Gas to be supplied under this Supply
Agreement shall be its Production Sharing Percentage of the
Producers' Percentage of the sum of:

    (a)  all amounts to be paid by Buyer to PERTAMINA for LNG
sold and delivered under the MOA;

    (b)  all other amounts which Buyer shall become obligated
to pay pursuant to the MOA with regard to deliveries of LNG
thereunder including, but not limited to any interest accruing on
overdue invoice payments;

    (c)  amounts payable by insurers in respect of LNG
resulting from the liquefaction of the VICO Contract Gas and the
Other Contract Gas; and

    (d)  interest earned on any of the amounts referred to in
this Section 6.1.

    6.2  PERTAMINA Assignment of Contractor Percentage Share. 
In order to arrange for the receipt by each Contractor of the
payments to which such Contractor is entitled under Section 6.1
hereof, PERTAMINA hereby assigns to each Contractor that
Contractor's Production Sharing Percentage of the Producers'
Percentage of all amounts referred to in Section 6.1 hereof.

    6.3  Method of Payment.  Throughout the term of this Supply
Agreement, all those payments referred to in Section 6.1 hereof
shall be paid in U.S. Dollars, directly to  BankAmerica
International in New York City (or such other leading bank in the
United States as shall be selected by PERTAMINA and approved by
Contractors) pursuant to a Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement, the
parties to which shall be PERTAMINA, Contractors, the production
sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas and the Trustee
thereunder.  Amounts so received by the Trustee shall be used for
payment of (i) Financing Costs; (ii) an agreed portion of Plant
Operating Costs; (iii) Transportation Costs; and (iv) other costs
approved by PERTAMINA and Contractors.  Amounts received by the
Trustee, to the extent that they are not used for payment of the 
costs referred to in the preceding sentence,  shall, insofar as
they are applicable to the VICO Contract Gas, be disbursed to
PERTAMINA and each Contractor in accordance with its Production
Sharing Percentage at a bank or banks of its choice.  

    6.4  Contractors' Right to Payment.  The right of
Contractors to the payments provided for in this Article6 shall
extend throughout the term of this Supply Agreement and shall not
be affected by the production rates or sources of Natural Gas
supplied from the VICO Contract Gas or the Other Contract Gas from
time to time during the term hereof.


                                 ARTICLE 7
                              DELIVERABILITY

    7.1  Oversupply of VICO Contract Gas.  If the quantities
of net Natural Gas produced from the participating fields within
the VICO Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply
Agreement exceed in the aggregate the quantity of the VICO Contract
Gas, the Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues
to be paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be
increased, and Contractors, together with PERTAMINA, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas
from reserves in the Other Contract Areas equal to such excess
quantities.

7.2Shortfall of VICO Contract Gas.  If the quantities of net
Natural Gas produced from the participating fields within the VICO
Contract Area and delivered pursuant to this Supply Agreement are
in the aggregate less than the quantity of the VICO Contract Gas,
the Producers' Percentage (and the percentage of the revenues to be
paid to PERTAMINA and Contractors hereunder) will not be reduced,
and the production sharing contractors in the Other Contract Areas
and any new contract area, together with PERTAMINA, will be
credited with and have the right to receive revenue from future
marketing opportunities in respect of a quantity of net Natural Gas
from reserves in the VICO Contract Area equal to excess quantities
delivered from sources within the Gas Supply Area.


                                 ARTICLE 8
                       ARBITRATION AND GOVERNING LAW

    8.1  Arbitration.  All disputes arising in connection with
this Supply Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration
conducted in the English language in Paris, France, by three
arbitrators under the Rules of Arbitration of the International
Chamber of Commerce.  Judgment upon the award rendered may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction, or application may be
made to such court for a juridical acceptance of the award and an
order of enforcement, as the case may be.  

    8.2  Governing Law.  This Supply Agreement shall be
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, United States of America.  


                                 ARTICLE 9
                        CONTRACTORS' REPRESENTATIVE

    VICO is designated representative by Contractors for
performance on behalf of Contractors of their obligation under
Section 4.1 hereof and for the giving of notices, responses or
other communications to and from Contractors under this Supply
Agreement.  Such representative may be changed by written notice to
such effect from Contractors to PERTAMINA.

                                ARTICLE 10
                                  NOTICES

    Any notices to the parties shall be in writing and sent by
mail, cable, telex or facsimile to the following addresses:

    To PERTAMINA:

    PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
    (PERTAMINA)
    Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur 1 A
    Jakarta, Indonesia 
    Attention:  Head of BPPKA

    Cable:  PERTAMINA, Jakarta, Indonesia
    Telex:  PERTAMINA, 44134 Jakarta
    Facsimile:  3846932


    To Contractors:

    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY (VICO)
    6th Floor, Kuningan Plaza
    South Tower
    Jl. H.R. Rasuna Said Kav. C11-14
    P.O. Box 2828
    Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia
    Attention:  President - VICO Indonesia

    Cable:  VICO
    Telex:  62458 or 62468
    Facsimile:  523-6100

cc:      VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY
         One Houston Center
         1221 McKinney
         Suite 700
         P.O. Box 1551
         Houston, Texas 77251-1551
         U.S.A.
         Attention:  Chairman
 
         Telex:  166-100
         Facsimile:  (713) 754-6698

A party may change its address by written notice to the other
parties.


                                ARTICLE 11
                               MISCELLANEOUS

    11.1 Amendment.  This Supply Agreement shall not be amended
or modified except by written agreement signed by the parties
hereto.

    11.2 Successors and Assigns.  This Supply Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, PERTAMINA and each
Contractor, their respective successors and assigns, provided that
this Supply Agreement shall be assignable by a Contractor only if
such Contractor concurrently assigns to the same assignee an equal
interest in the Production Sharing Contracts.

    11.3 Exclusivity.  The parties to this Supply Agreement shall
be the only persons or entities entitled to enforce the obligations
hereunder of the other parties hereto, and no persons or entities
not parties to this Supply Agreement shall have the right to
enforce any of the obligations hereunder of any of the parties
hereto.

    11.4 Headings and Subheadings.  The Article headings and
subheadings used herein are for convenience of reference only.


    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, PERTAMINA and Contractors have caused
their duly authorized representatives to execute this Supply
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.



PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK    CONTRACTORS:
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)
    VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



BY          /S/                   BY               /S/           




         LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED



         BY               /S/           
           



         OPICOIL HOUSTON, INC.



         BY               /S/           
           


         UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
         LIMITED



         BY               /S/           
           



         UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY, INC.



         BY               /S/           
            



         VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY



         BY               /S/           
             

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.57
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

                          TRIPARTITE AGREEMENT
                               REGARDING 
                PRODUCER CONTRIBUTIONS TO DWIPUTRA COSTS


THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered effective as of 1 January, 1995
(the "Effective Date"), by and among PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA) ("PERTAMINA"); MOBIL OIL INDONESIA
INC. ("MOBIL"); and VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY, TOTAL INDONESIE,
and UNOCAL INDONESIA COMPANY, acting on behalf of themselves and
all other LNG producers in the East Kalimantan Production Sharing
Contracts (collectively, the "EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS").

WHEREAS PERTAMINA has entered into a charter party dated 2 June
1994 with Pacific LNG Transport Limited for the vessel "DwiPutra"
(the "Dwiputra"), in connection with which PERTAMINA is obligated
to pay charter hire payments to Pacific LNG Transport Limited and
the costs of bunker fuel and diesel, liquid nitrogen and utilities
to others; and

WHEREAS MOBIL and the EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS have reached
agreement on a procedure for contributing to the payment of the
costs of the Dwiputra.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the
mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, it is hereby
agreed as follows:

1.   The provisions of this Agreement will apply as if this
     Agreement were entered into on the Effective Date.  Unless
     otherwise agreed by the parties hereto, this Agreement will
     continue in force until the expiry or other termination of the
     charter party for the Dwiputra, notwithstanding any amendment,
     revision, extension or renewal of such charter party.

2.   The provisions of this Agreement will apply to all voyages of
     the Dwiputra commencing on or after the Effective Date.  A
     voyage will be deemed to commence with the commencement of
     loading of a cargo in respect of that voyage.

3.   The EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS shall enter into a Disbursement
     Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement with Continental Bank
     International or other international bank as may be agreed
     between the parties hereto (the "Trustee") to establish the
     Trustee as the Disbursement Trustee for a new Disbursement
     Trust Account related to the Dwiputra (the "Dwiputra Trust"). 
     It is the intention of the parties hereto that the respective
     balances in the existing Bonny Disbursement Trustee and Paying
     Agent Agreement dated 8 December 1990, as amended, (the "Bonny
     Trust") due to MOBIL and the EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS shall
     be determined and distributed to the respective parties, and
     that the Bonny Trust shall thereupon be terminated in its
     entirety as soon as possible but no later than 30 June 1995. 
     It is the further intention of the parties that Tripartite
     Agreement: Bonny and SS Lake Charles shall be terminated in
     its entirety at the same time the Bonny Trust is terminated. 
     It is acknowledged that implementation and administration of
     the Dwiputra Trust and all agreements related thereto will be
     the sole responsibility of the EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS.

4.   The parties hereto agree that for the eight Dwiputra cargoes
     scheduled to be loaded at the Arun plant in the 1995 Annual
     Program, PERTAMINA and MOBIL will instruct the trustee under
     the respective trustee and paying agent agreement for the
     relevant sales agreement for the applicable Dwiputra cargo to
     make payments from the cargo proceeds to the Dwiputra Trust
     equivalent to US$0.7766 per MMBTU delivered under the relevant
     sales agreement, provided that pending finalization of the
     Dwiputra Trust, PERTAMINA and MOBIL will instruct the trustee
     to make such payments to the Bonny Trust instead, and such
     payments shall be treated hereunder as if they had been made
     to the Dwiputra Trust.  Such payments will be due and payable
     to the Dwiputra Trust immediately upon receipt of payment from
     the buyer under the relevant sales contract.  As long as the
     number and cargo designation of Dwiputra cargoes delivered
     from Arun in the 1995 Annual Program does not change, such
     payments represent full and final settlement in respect of
     MOBIL's contribution to the costs of the Dwiputra, no
     interplant accounting or other financial adjustments will be
     required or be made in respect of payments due from MOBIL for
     the Dwiputra, and the EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS will bear full
     responsibility for all costs and/or other liabilities related
     to the Dwiputra.  The parties hereto shall endeavor to ensure
     that the Dwiputra cargoes scheduled from Arun in the 1995
     Annual Program do not change with respect to the number or
     cargo designation.  If the number of Dwiputra voyages from
     Arun or the cargo designation of such voyages is different
     from that specified in the 1995 Annual Program, the parties
     hereto shall meet and discuss whether the foregoing payment
     procedures should be revised.

5.   If in any subsequent years there are to be additional Dwiputra
     cargoes delivered from Arun other than those cargoes subject
     to paragraph 4 above, the parties shall meet and discuss the
     terms and conditions to be applicable to such additional
     cargoes.

6.   This Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance
     with the laws of the State of New York, United States of
     America.

7.   This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each
     of which will be an original and all of which will constitute
     one and the same agreement, and will be effective as to all
     parties when each party has executed and delivered at least
     one counterpart, regardless of whether all parties execute the
     same counterpart.

IN WITNESS HEREOF the parties have cause the execution of this
Agreement through the signature of their authorized representatives
set forth below.

PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA (PERTAMINA)

By:    /S/                              
Name:  SOEGIANTO                   
Title:         Sr. V.P. Director Finance Corporate     

MOBIL OIL INDONESIA INC.

By:    /S/                              
Name:  S.R. Hemmeline                   
Title:         Vice President Gas Products        


THE "EAST KALIMANTAN PRODUCERS":

VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY

By:    /S/                              
Name:  C.L. Harris                 
Title:         Vice President LNG            

TOTAL INDONESIE

By:    /S/                              
Name:  J.M. Hosanski                    
Title:         Vice President LNG            

UNOCAL INDONESIA COMPANY

By:    /S/                              
Name:  S.G. Leson                  
Title:         Vice President LNG Operations      

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>

                              EXHIBIT (21)-1-

                     COMPANIES OWNED BY UNIMAR COMPANY


     The following is a list of companies owned, directly and
indirectly, by Unimar Company, together with their respective
jurisdictions of incorporation.  In each case, all of the
outstanding voting securities of each company listed are owned by
the company indicated by indentation as its parent, except as
otherwise noted.


                                                 State of
                                               Incorporation

Unimar Company (a General Partnership under The
 Texas Uniform Partnership Act)
  Unimar Financing Corporation                       Delaware
  ENSTAR Corporation.                                Delaware
       VICO 7.5, Inc.                                Delaware
      Virginia Indonesia Company                     Delaware
        Virginia Services, Inc.                      Delaware
        Virginia Services, Ltd.                Delaware
        Purchasing Services, Inc.                    Delaware
    ENSTAR Indonesia, Inc.                           Delaware
      Virginia International Company                 Delaware
        VICO Trading, Inc.                           Delaware
    ENSTAR Petroleum Ltd.                            Canada
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT (23)-1-

                     CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


     We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration
statement (Post-effective amendment No. 2 on Form S-3 to Form S-14
(No. 2-93037)) of Unimar Company of our report dated February 12,
1996, relating to the consolidated balance sheet of Unimar Company
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1995 and the related
consolidated statement of earnings, cash flows and changes in
partners' capital for the year ended December 31, 1995 and all
related schedules, which report appears in the December 31, 1995
annual report on Form 10-K of Unimar Company.


                                                    KPMG Peat Marwick LLP


                    





Houston, Texas
March 19, 1996
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED
FROM THE UNIMAR COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FILED WITH FORM 10-K FILED ON
MARCH 19, 1996 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1995
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1995
<CASH>                                           4,882
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                    7,415
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                      9,839
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                25,508
<PP&E>                                       1,051,972
<DEPRECIATION>                                 673,543
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 407,214
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           31,463
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                             0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                           0
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   407,214
<SALES>                                        202,019
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               202,019
<CGS>                                           66,466
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   66,568
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                 1,460
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  54
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                134,422
<INCOME-TAX>                                    94,281
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             40,141
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    40,141
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                        0
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.64
<SEQUENCE>10
<TEXT>

                        DISBURSEMENT TRUSTEE AND
                         PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT
                                    
                              (Series 95-1)


     THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into as of this 1st day of
July, 1995, by and among BankAmerica International, not in its
individual capacity but solely as trustee and paying agent (in such
capacity, the "Bontang V Trustee") under the Bontang V Trustee and
Paying Agent Agreement dated as of July 1, 1995, as the same may be
amended from time to time (the "Bontang V Trust Agreement"); and
BankAmerica International, not in its individual capacity but
solely as disbursement trustee and paying agent under this
Agreement:

                                WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, the Bontang V Trustee has entered into a Loan
Agreement dated as of July 1, 1995, among the Bontang V Trustee, as
Borrower; Bontang Train-G Project Finance Co., Ltd., as Tranche A
Lender; the Tranche B Lenders and Arrangers named therein; The
Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan, Limited, New York Branch, as
facility Agent; The Fuji Bank, Limited, as Intercreditor Agent; and
Credit Lyonnais, as Technical Agent (as amended or modified from
time to time, the "Bontang V Loan Agreement"); and 

     WHEREAS, as a matter of convenience, certain loan proceeds to
be received by the Bontang V Trustee under the Bontang V Loan
Agreement may be maintained in a disbursement trust fund until such
time as they are to be disbursed in accordance with the terms
hereof and of the Bontang V Trust Agreement;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and the
mutual promises hereinafter contained and other good and valuable
consideration, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                 Article 1
                                Definitions

     When used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings
set forth below:

     "Bontang V Loan Agreement" shall have the meaning given such
term heretofore in this Agreement.

     "Bontang V Trust Agreement" shall have the meaning given such
term heretofore in this Agreement.

     "Bontang V Trustee" shall have the meaning given such term
heretofore in this Agreement.

     "Capital Project Creditors" shall mean those persons to whom
payments are to be made hereunder as specified in payment
instructions duly given in accordance with the terms hereof.

     "Depositary" shall mean the United States headquarters or a
United States branch of the following institutions appointed
pursuant to Section 3.1 as a depositary of funds, properties and
rights in the Disbursement Trust Fund:

     (a)  any branch or affiliate of BankAmerica International with
the power to act as a Depositary, or

     (b)  any other bank, trust company or financial institution
(in each case with trust powers) which (i) has a net worth in
excess of $100,000,000.00 or (ii) has outstanding debt securities
rated A or better by Standard and Poor's Rating Group or its
equivalent by Moody's Investors Service or another nationally
recognized rating agency in the United States and, in either case,
has been approved in writing by the Bontang V Trustee.

     "Disbursement Trust Account" shall mean the records of account
established and maintained by the Trustee pursuant to Section 2.4
hereof with respect to the Disbursement Trust Fund, which shall be
designated by the Trustee and referred to by the parties hereto as
the "Series 95-1 Disbursement Trust Account."

     "Disbursement Trust Fund" shall mean the disbursement trust
fund established pursuant to Article 2 hereof, which shall be
designated as the "Series 95-1 Disbursement Trust Fund."

     "Escrow Agent" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 3.4 hereof.

     "Lenders" shall mean the lenders advancing funds to the
Bontang V Trustee under the Bontang V Loan Agreement.

     "Loan Proceeds" means the funds advanced to the Bontang V
Trustee under the Bontang V Loan Agreement, and any Transferred
Amounts (as defined in Section 3.5(a) of the Bontang V Trust
Agreement).

     "Producers" shall have the meaning given such term in the
Bontang V Trust Agreement.

     "Trustee" shall mean BankAmerica International, acting not in
its individual capacity but solely as disbursement trustee and
paying agent under this Agreement, and its successors.

     Any capitalized terms used herein that are not defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Bontang V Trust
Agreement.

                                 Article 2
                     Appointment and Status of Trustee

     2.1  Appointment.  The Bontang V Trustee hereby appoints
BankAmerica International, and BankAmerica International hereby
accepts appointment as, and agrees to act as, the Trustee
hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions hereof.  The
appointment of the Trustee is made hereunder pursuant to and for
the implementation of Section 3.5 of the Bontang V Trust Agreement. 
The appointment hereunder may be changed only by the agreement in
writing of the Bontang V Trustee;  provided, however, that the
resignation of or the appointment of a successor to the Bontang V
Trustee in accordance with the Bontang V Trust Agreement shall be
deemed also to be a resignation or, as the case may be, an
appointment of a successor to the Trustee hereunder.

     2.2  Receipt of Loan proceeds.  The Trustee shall receive and
hold, or cause to be held as part of the Disbursement Trust Fund,
all disbursements of Loan Proceeds received by it from the Lenders
under the Bontang V Loan Agreement.

     2.3  Disbursement Trust Fund.  All such amounts received
hereunder, including and together with any security or securities
acquired or other investments made for or with such amounts, all
appreciation and interest or dividends thereon and other income or
property received therefrom, shall constitute and be part of the
Disbursement Trust Fund to be held in trust for the benefit of
those having a right, to the extent provided herein, to
disbursements hereunder.

     2.4  Disbursement Trust Account.  The Trustee shall establish
and maintain at the Trustee's office records of account in which
necessary entries shall be made with respect to all receipts into
and payments out of the Disbursement Trust Account, which shall be
consistent with the treatment of Bontang V Trust Funds under
Section 9.3 (excluding the first sentence thereof) of the Bontang
V Trust Agreement.

     2.5  Recording of Entries.  In the records of account of the
Disbursement Trust Account, the Trustee shall, after receipt of
payment instructions pursuant to Article 4 hereof, record and make
entries for each of the Capital Project Creditors and the Bontang
V Trustee to reflect clearly the interest of each party in the
assets of the Disbursement Trust Fund that arise pursuant to such
instructions for payment to each respective party and the receipts
and payments therefrom.

     2.6  Currencies.  The Trustee shall hold or cause to be held
in the Disbursement Trust Fund all sums of money in the same
currencies as shall have been paid into it, unless otherwise
directed by the Bontang V Trustee for effecting necessary payments,
and the Trustee may establish and maintain bank accounts in such
currencies as shall be necessary for the foregoing.

     2.7  Reports.  The Trustee shall furnish to the Bontang V
Trustee:

     (a)  within 20 days after the close of each calendar quarter,
a statement prepared by the Trustee setting forth the amount and
source (by category) of funds received and disbursed pursuant to
this Agreement during such preceding calendar quarter, and a
statement of the cash and investments held under this Agreement as
of the end of such period; and 

     (b)  within 45 days after the close of each calendar year, a
statement prepared by the Trustee setting forth the amount and
source (by category) of funds received and disbursed pursuant to
this Agreement during the previous calendar year and the income
earned on funds held in the Disbursement Trust Fund during the
previous calendar year, and a statement of the cash and investments
held under this Agreement as of the end of such period.

                                 Article 3
                        Depositary and Escrow Agent

     3.1  Appointment.  The Trustee may, upon the consent of the
Bontang V Trustee, appoint and remove any Depositary for the
purposes of safekeeping, investment or disbursement of funds,
properties and rights in the Disbursement Trust Fund, and may
entrust the Depositary with the exclusive custody and possession of
such funds, properties and rights in the Disbursement Trust Fund.

     3.2  Notification.  If the Trustee shall have appointed a
Depositary, it shall notify the Bontang V Trustee of the
appointment as soon as practicable.

     3.3  Responsibilities of Trustee.  If the Trustee shall have
appointed a Depositary, the Trustee's responsibilities with respect
to the funds, properties and rights held by the Depositary shall
only be to maintain and administer the accounting of the
Disbursement Trust Account, and the Depositary shall have the
exclusive custody, responsibility for and possession of the funds,
properties and rights held by it.

     3.4  Escrow Agent.  The Trustee may, upon the consent of the
Bontang V Trustee, appoint and remove any bank, trust company or
financial institution that conforms to the definition of
"Depositary" as an escrow agent ("Escrow Agent"), and with respect
thereto, the provisions of Sections 3.2 and 3.3 above shall apply
mutatis mutandis.

     3.5  Conditions of Appointment.  It shall be a condition to
the appointment of any Depositary or Escrow Agent hereunder that
the bank, trust company or financial institution so appointed shall
agree to hold the funds, properties and rights held by it in trust
on the same basis, and subject to the same rights and obligations,
as are set forth in this Agreement with respect to the Trustee, and
upon such agreement, such rights and obligations shall be enjoyed
by and binding upon such Depositary or Escrow Agent.  The terms of
appointment of any Depositary or Escrow Agent shall not be
inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the Bontang V
Trust Agreement or the Bontang V Loan Agreement.

     3.6  Required Consent.  Without the consent of the Bontang V
Trustee, no funds, properties or rights shall be transferred from
the custody and possession of the Trustee to the custody and
possession of a Depositary or Escrow Agent, nor shall any such
funds, properties or rights be transferred from a Depositary or
Escrow Agent to the Trustee without such consent, unless such
transfer shall be required for effecting necessary payments
hereunder.

                                 Article 4
                     Payment Instructions and Interest

     4.1  No Interest.  Except as otherwise provided in Article 6
below, no party shall have any interest or any right of whatever
kind or nature in the Disbursement Trust Fund until payment
instructions shall have been duly provided pursuant hereto.  Upon
receipt by the Trustee of payment instructions provided in
accordance with and meeting the requirements of Section 4.2 below,
the payee (including any Capital Project Creditor) named therein
shall acquire an interest in the funds and assets of the
Disbursement Trust Fund only to the extent set forth in said
payment instructions.

     4.2  Payment Instructions.  With respect to any particular
payment, payment instructions hereunder will be honored only upon
the receipt of the Trustee of payment instructions from the Bontang
V Trustee.  Each payment instruction from the Bontang V Trustee
hereunder shall include the following information:

     (i)  the designation of this Agreement as that under which
          payment is to be made;

     (ii) the name of payee and the place and manner of payment;

     (iii)     the amount of such payment and the currency to be
               used; and

     (iv) a brief description of the purpose of such payment,
          together with the relevant invoice number or designation
          of other relevant payment documentation.

     4.3  Incompleteness.  If any payment instruction does not
include all of the information required by Section 4.2 above, the
Trustee shall promptly notify the Bontang V Trustee by telex or
telecopier transmission (with a copy to the Producers) and shall
not comply with such incomplete instructions.

     4.4  Entitled to Rely.  The Trustee and any Depositary or
Escrow Agent shall  be entitled to rely upon payment instructions
provided in accordance with this Article 4 in making payments out
of the funds in the Disbursement Trust Fund.

     4.5  Making of Payments.  Each of the Trustee and any
Depositary or Escrow Agent shall honor each payment instruction
submitted to it in accordance with this Article 4 by making the
payments specified therein only to the extent and out of amounts
then held in the Disbursement Trust Fund.  In honoring such payment
instruction, neither the Trustee nor any Depositary or Escrow Agent
shall have any responsibility for determining whether or not the
payment being disbursed is being made in accordance with the
Bontang V Loan Agreement, the Bontang V Trust Agreement or any
other agreements or understandings, it being understood that the
Trustee's and any Depositary's or Escrow Agent's sole
responsibility with regard to any payment instructions shall be to
make disbursements in accordance therewith.

     4.6  Sufficient Funds Required.  Neither the Trustee nor any
Depositary or Escrow Agent shall be obligated to make a payment
unless and until it holds sufficient funds in the Disbursement
Trust Fund to make all payments referred to in the related payment
instruction, unless a partial payment is directed by the Bontang V
Trustee, but the Trustee or Depositary or Escrow Agent shall honor
any subsequent payment instruction if there shall be sufficient
funds to do so in the Disbursement Trust Fund.

     4.7  Currencies of Payments.  All payments made by the Trustee
or any Depositary or Escrow Agent in currencies other than those
held in the Disbursement Trust Fund shall be effected by such
exchange transactions pursuant to procedures directed by the
Producers and advised to the Trustee or such Depositary or Escrow
Agent, and the honoring of a payment instruction may be delayed for
any period necessary to effect such transactions.  Expenses and
risk of exchange shall be borne by the Disbursement Trust Fund.

     4.8  Distribution of Annual Income.  The Trustee shall invest
monies in the Disbursement Trust Account in the same type of
investments and in the same manner as provided for in Sections 10.1
and 10.2 of the Bontang V Trust Agreement.  Upon receipt of payment
instructions from the Bontang V Trustee on or after February 15 of
each year, which payment instructions shall include notification
from the Accountants regarding the amount of investment income
earned during such previous calendar year, the Trustee shall
promptly pay to the Bontang V Trustee the amount of such investment
income.

                                 Article 5
                          Concerning the Trustee

     5.1  Duties.  In connection with its duties, rights and powers
under this Agreement (including in relation to transactions it may
enter into pursuant thereto), the Trustee shall be subject to the
following:

     (a)  The Trustee shall be entitled to act upon any notice,
certificate, request, direction, waiver, receipt or other document
that it in good faith believes to be genuine; and it shall be
entitled to rely upon the due execution, validity and
effectiveness, and the truth and acceptability of any provisions
contained therein.

     (b)  The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
or for any act done or omitted by it in good faith or for any
mistake of fact or law, or for anything which it may do or refrain
from doing, except for its own gross negligence or willful
misconduct, nor shall the Trustee be liable for special, indirect
or consequential loss or damage of any kind, including, without
limitation, lost profits, except such losses or damages resulting
from its willful misconduct.

     (c)  Neither the Trustee nor any Depositary or Escrow Agent
shall be required to furnish any bond or other security for the
faithful performance of its duties as such, in any jurisdiction.

     (d)  The Trustee may consult with, and obtain advice from,
accounting and legal advisers, and it shall incur no liability or
loss and shall be fully protected in acting in good faith in
accordance with the opinion and advice of such advisers.

     (e)  The Trustee shall have no duties other than those
specifically set forth or provided for in this Agreement.  The
Trustee shall have no obligation to familiarize itself with and
shall have no responsibility with respect to any agreement to which
it is not a party relating to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement nor any obligation to inquire whether any notice,
instruction, statement or calculation is in conformity with the
terms of any such agreement, except for those irregularities,
errors or mistakes apparent on the face of such document or to the
knowledge of the Trustee.  If, however, any remittance or
communication received by the Trustee appears erroneous or
irregular on its face, the Trustee shall be under a duty to make
prompt inquiry to the person or party originating such remittance
or communication in order to determine whether a clerical error or
inadvertent mistake has occurred.

     5.2  Compensation.  The Trustee shall be entitled to
reasonable compensation to be agreed upon from time to time among
the parties for the services to be performed by it hereunder and to
be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Trustee in connection therewith.  The Trustee may charge such
agreed compensation and expenses to the Disbursement Trust Fund,
providing the Bontang V Trustee with such evidence as to the nature
and amount of such expenses as the Bontang V Trustee may reasonably
require.  If the balance in the Disbursement Trust Fund is
insufficient therefor, then the Bontang V Trustee shall pay such
compensation and expenses to the Trustee.

                                 Article 6
                                Termination

     This Agreement and the Disbursement Trust Fund shall continue
until the Trustee shall have received instructions from the Bontang
V Trustee to terminate the Disbursement Trust Fund.  Upon receipt
of such instructions, the Trustee shall forthwith convert to cash
any investments then held by it and promptly pay over to the
parties specified in such instructions such cash proceeds plus any
other amounts then held in the Disbursement Trust Fund, less any
amounts payable to the Trustee under Sections 5.2 and 7.3 hereof.

                                 Article 7
                            General Provisions

     7.1  Amendment.  This Agreement may not be revoked, amended,
modified, varied or supplemented except by a written instrument
duly executed by the Trustee and the Bontang V Trustee.

     7.2  Enforcement.  Enforcement of any provision of this
Agreement shall not be affected by any previous waiver or course of
dealing.

     7.3  Indemnification.  The Bontang V Trustee shall indemnify
the Trustee and all Depositaries and Escrow Agents for, and hold
each of them harmless against, any loss, liability, claim,
judgment, settlement, compromise or reasonable expense incurred or
suffered without gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part
of the Trustee or any Depositary or Escrow Agent, arising out of or
in connection with its entering into this Agreement and carrying
out its duties or exercising its rights hereunder.

     7.4  Claims against Trustee.  If any person shall claim
compensation for any damage sustained by reason of the failure to
perform, or the breach of, any provision of this Agreement, such
person shall, within 30 days after sustaining such damage or
acquiring knowledge of such event or failure or breach of
performance, make a written statement to the breaching person of
the nature of the damage sustained and the details and amount
thereof.  Should such person fail to make the statements required
hereunder within the 30-day period, its claim for such compensation
shall be deemed to be forfeited and waived and upon expiration of
the 30-day period such claim for damages shall be invalidated.

     7.5  Incumbency Certificates.  The Bontang V Trustee shall
furnish the Trustee and all Depositaries and Escrow Agents from
time to time with duly executed incumbency certificates showing the
names, titles and specimen signatures of the persons authorized on
behalf of the Bontang V Trustee to take the actions and give the
notifications, approvals and instructions required by this
Agreement.

     7.6  Notices.  All notices, approvals, instructions, and other
communications for purposes of this Agreement shall be in writing,
which shall include transmission by telex or telecopier.  All
communications given by telex or telecopier shall be directed as
set forth below, provided that if any communication is received by
the Trustee from a telex or telecopy number other than those set
forth below, its responses thereto may be directed to the number
from which such communication was received:

          A.   To the Bontang V Trustee at the following mail,
               telex and telecopier addresses:

               BankAmerica International
               1 World Trade Center, 9th Floor
               New York, New York  10048
               Attn: Vice President-Manager, ITB
               Telex:              62-944
               Answerback:         BOA UW
               Telecopier No.:     (212) 390-2249

          B.   To the Trustee at the following mail, telex and
               telecopier addresses:

               BankAmerica International
               1 World Trade Center, 9th Floor
               New York, New York  10048
               Attn: Vice President-Manager, ITB
               Telex:              62-944
               Answerback:         BOA UW
               Telecopier No.:     (212) 390-2249

     Any party hereto may designate additional addresses for
particular communications as required from time to time, and may
change any address, by notice given 10 days in advance of such
additions or changes.  Immediately upon receiving communications by
telex or telecopier,  a party may request a repeat transmittal of
the entire communication or confirmation of particular matters.

     7.7  DISPUTES.  ALL DISPUTES ARISING BETWEEN THE PARTIES
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE INTERPRETATION OR PERFORMANCE
HEREOF, SHALL BE FINALLY SETTLED BY ARBITRATION CONDUCTED IN THE
ENGLISH LANGUAGE IN PARIS, FRANCE, BY THREE ARBITRATORS UNDER THE
RULES OF ARBITRATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. 
JUDGMENT UPON THE AWARD RENDERED MAY BE ENTERED IN ANY COURT HAVING
JURISDICTION, OR APPLICATION MAY BE MADE TO SUCH COURT FOR A
JUDICIAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE AWARD AND AN ORDER OF ENFORCEMENT, AS
THE CASE MAY BE.  ANY AWARD MADE UNDER THIS SECTION 7.7 SHALL BE
BINDING UPON ALL PARTIES CONCERNED.

     7.8  Governing Law.  This agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the law of the State of New york,
United States of America, applicable to agreements made and to be
performed entirely within such state.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized signatories as of
the date first above written.


BANKAMERICA INTERNATIONAL,
as Trustee and Paying Agent the Bontang V 
Trustee and Paying Agent Agreement dated 
as of July 1, 1995

By:            /S/            
     Name: Vincent Chorney
     Title: Attorney-in-Fact

BANKAMERICA INTERNATIONAL,
as Disbursement Trustee and Paying Agent
hereunder

By:            /S/            
     Name: Vincent Chorney
     Title: Attorney-in-Fact

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.2
<SEQUENCE>11
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT (23)-2-

                     CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement (Post-effective amendment No. 2 on Form S-3
to Form S-14 (No. 2-93037)) of Unimar Company and in the related
Prospectus of our report dated February 24, 1995, with respect to
the consolidated financial statements of Unimar Company and
subsidiaries included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 1995.


                                                        ERNST & YOUNG LLP


                    





Houston, Texas
March 19, 1996

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.53
<SEQUENCE>12
<TEXT>

                       MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
               RE: SUPPLY AGREEMENTS AND PACKAGE VI SALES


This Memorandum of Understanding is dated and effective as of the
27th day of October, 1995, by and among PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN
MINYAK DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA ("PERTAMINA"); TOTAL Indonesie and
Indonesia Petroleum, Ltd., (collectively referred to as the "TOTAL
Group"); Virginia Indonesia Company, LASMO Sanga Sanga Limited,
OPICOIL Houston, Inc., Union Texas East Kalimantan Limited,
Universe Gas & Oil Company, Inc., and Virginia International
Company (collectively referred to as the "VICO Group"); Indonesia
Petroleum, Ltd., in respect of its interest in a certain portion of
the Attaka Unit (referred to as "INPEX Attaka"); and Unocal
Indonesia Company (referred to as "UNOCAL") (the TOTAL Group, the
VICO Group, INPEX Attaka, and UNOCAL each referred to as an "East
Kalimantan Contractor Group" and collectively called the "East
Kalimantan Contractors").

                                WITNESSETH

WHEREAS, the parties desire to confirm their mutual intention under
supply agreements entered into heretofore and hereafter ("Supply
Agreements"), to assist the East Kalimantan Gas Reserves Management
Committee ("EKGRMC") in its task of coordinating the exploitation
of East Kalimantan gas reserves so as to achieve optimum production
rates and ultimate recovery of such gas reserves and to assist each
party in planning investment in and development of the various
fields so as to assure the most favorable economic results;

WHEREAS, PERTAMINA and the East Kalimantan Contractors desire to
agree that certain sales of natural gas are to be grouped together
for the purposes of Package VI;

WHEREAS, each East Kalimantan Contractor Group is entering into
and/or will enter into supply agreements for the supply and
delivery of natural gas from such group's respective contract area
in support of the performance by PERTAMINA of its obligations under
each Package VI sales contract (hereinafter collectively called
"Package VI Supply Agreements") which provide or will provide for
the allocation as between East Kalimantan Contractor Groups of
their rights and obligations thereunder in "Producers'
Percentages";

WHEREAS, the parties have agreed to Provisional Producers'
Percentages (as hereinafter defined) provisionally applicable under
the Package VI Supply Agreements in respect of natural gas supplied
thereunder prior to determination of the Producers' Percentages
hereunder;

WHEREAS, in determining the Producers' Percentages for the Package
VI Supply Agreements, the parties are complying with PERTAMINA'S
Gas Utilization Policy; and

WHEREAS, without prejudice to PERTAMINA's future decisions with
respect to the prioritization of associated gas in the calculation
of producers' percentages for packages subsequent to Package VI,
the parties have agreed that the Producers' Percentages shall
reflect the proportions between uncommitted net gas reserves in the
East Kalimantan Contractors' respective contract areas determined
(i) based on a new estimate by the independent petroleum consultant
firm of DeGolyer and MacNaughton (hereinafter called "D&M") of the
proved recoverable reserves of natural gas in each participating
field in each such contract area as certified by D&M (hereinafter
called the "1995 D&M Certificate"), such estimate to be based on
data available on or before April 30, 1995 (hereinafter called the
"Data Cut-Off Date"), (ii) after adjustment to take  into account
updated data in respect of the various supply sources in regard to
field and Lex shrinkages, fuel and flare, CO2 and inerts, Bontang
C5+, and such other items as set forth in PART TWO Section 2(b)
below, (iii) after adjustment to take into account the fuel
reallocation as set forth in PART TWO Section 2(c) below, and (iv)
after deduction of prior commitments of natural gas.

NOW, IT IS HEREBY AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

                                 PART ONE

1.   The provisions of PART ONE shall apply to all Supply
     Agreements under which natural gas from fields in East
     Kalimantan are committed by an East Kalimantan Contractor
     Group in support of PERTAMINA's obligations under natural gas
     sales contracts.  So that in the implementation of this PART
     ONE all of the rights and abilities conveyed to one field and
     one PSC area shall also be conveyed to all fields and to all
     PSC areas on the same or otherwise compatible basis, the
     collective terms "Attaka Contract Gas" and "Attaka Field" as
     they appear in any Supply Agreement shall hereafter be
     substituted by or otherwise mean, respectively, "INPEX
     Contract GAS and UNOCAL Contract Gas" and "INPEX Contract Area
     and UNOCAL Contract Area", individually or collectively as
     such terms apply.

2.   In order to optimize the economic recovery of natural gas,
     each East Kalimantan Contractor Group may, subject to
     PERTAMINA's approval, deliver natural gas ("Substitute Gas")
     from any participating field(s) under the Supply Agreements
     (the "Supplying Field") in substitution for deliveries from
     another participating field(s) (the "Substituted Field");
     however, if Substitute Gas can be delivered more economically
     from field(s) other than the participating field(s), then
     PERTAMINA will decide accordingly. The details regarding any
     plans for deliverability substitution (including the period of
     time, quantity of gas and fields involved) shall be reviewed
     and studied by the EKGRMC in accordance with PERTAMINA's
     guidelines so as to optimize, on an economic basis, the
     recovery of natural gas reserves from the East Kalimantan gas
     supply area ("Gas Supply Area").  Any such substitution shall
     not affect the aggregate rates of production to be maintained
     in respect of such PSC as provided in the annual plan
     determined by the EKGRMC.

3.   Deliverability substitution under this Memorandum of
     Understanding shall not affect the requirement to supply the
     aggregate quantities of net natural gas that a field has
     contributed towards the "Contract Gas" committed under each
     Supply Agreement.  Substitute Gas shall for the purposes of
     the Supply Agreements be treated as if it had been produced
     from the Substituted Field.  The Substitute Gas shall be
     deemed to be stored in the Substituted Field on behalf of the
     Supplying Field (hereinafter referred to as "Stored Gas").

4.   In accordance with PERTAMINA's policy of production priority
     for associated gas, associated gas produced and delivered from
     a field may be treated as if such gas had been produced from
     a field or fields within the Gas Supply Area; in such event,
     the quantity of associated gas produced is deemed to be stored
     in the other field(s).  No substitution under this Memorandum
     of Understanding shall have the effect of limiting the
     production priority of associated gas as a substitute for non-
     associated gas.

5.   Stored Gas resulting from deliverability substitution and
     associated gas deemed stored as a result of production
     priority shall be available for future delivery in support of
     PERTAMINA's obligations.

6.   Notwithstanding the above, in order to optimize the economic
     recovery of natural gas, INPEX Attaka may, subject to
     PERTAMINA's approval, deliver natural gas ("INPEX Substitute
     Gas") from any participating field(s) under the Supply
     Agreements in the UNOCAL PSC area (the "UNOCAL Supplying
     Field") in substitution for deliveries from an INPEX
     participating field (the "INPEX Substituted Field").  The
     details regarding any plans for deliverability substitution
     with INPEX Substitute Gas shall be reviewed and studied by the
     EKGRMC in accordance with PERTAMINA's guidelines so as to
     optimize, on an economic basis, the recovery of natural gas
     reserves from the Gas Supply Area.  Any substitution with
     INPEX Substitute Gas shall not affect the sum of the aggregate
     rates of production to be maintained in respect of the INPEX
     Attaka PSC and UNOCAL PSC, as such rates are provided in the
     annual plan determined by the EKGRMC.  INPEX Substitute Gas
     shall for the purposes of the Supply Agreements be treated as
     if it had been produced from the INPEX Substituted Field.  The
     INPEX Substitute Gas shall be deemed to be stored in the INPEX
     Substituted Field on behalf of the UNOCAL Supplying Field
     (hereinafter referred to as "INPEX Stored Gas").  INPEX Stored
     Gas shall be available for future delivery in support of
     PERTAMINA's obligations.


                                 PART TWO

1.   Provisional Producers' Percentages

     The Provisional Producers' Percentages (and the provisional
     allocation of supply commitments as between the East
     Kalimantan Contractors under the Package VI Supply Agreements)
     are:

     - INPEX Attaka Producers' Percentage:   1.6% (one decimal six
percent)
     - TOTAL Group Producers' Percentage:    72.2% (seventy-two
decimal two percent)
     - UNOCAL Producers Percentage:     4.6% (four decimal six
percent)
     - VICO Group Producers' Percentage:     21.6% (twenty-one
decimal six percent)

     The use of the Provisional Producers Percentages is
     provisional pending determination hereunder of the Producers'
     Percentages, and the Producers' Percentages shall apply and be
     deemed to have applied with retroactive effect from the
     effective date of each Package VI Supply Agreement. 
     Accordingly, for the purposes of any Package VI Supply
     Agreement under which natural gas has been supplied before the
     determination of the Producers' Percentages, (i) the volumes
     of natural gas required to have been delivered shall be
     accordingly adjusted, and (ii) arrangements will be made for
     the parties which have been overpaid as a result of the
     interim use of the Provisional Producers Percentages to
     compensate (but such compensation shall not include interest)
     any parties which have been underpaid as a result thereof,
     such compensation to be made by cash settlement no later than
     thirty (30) calendar days after the execution of the
     Supplemental Memorandum referred to in Section 6 below.

2.   Determination of Producers' Percentages

     The Producers' Percentages and the allocation of supply
     commitments as between the East Kalimantan Contractors under
     each of the Package VI Supply Agreements shall be determined
     on the basis of the principles and procedures set forth in
     this Section 2.  Table 1 attached and hereby incorporated
     herewith represents the proper method of calculation of
     Initial Adjusted Net Gas Reserves of each participating field. 
     In the event of any conflict between any provision contained
     in the text of this Memorandum of Understanding and anything
     contained in Table 1, the provision contained in the text
     shall prevail.  References to specific sections or paragraphs
     shall be interpreted as referring to specific sections or
     paragraphs of this PART TWO.

     (a)  D&M Reserves

          The estimate of each fields proved initial recoverable
          wet-gas reserves expressed in billions of standard cubic
          feet ("BSCF") of wet-gas, as certified in the 1995 D&M
          Certificate (the "D&M Reserves"), shall serve as the
          basis for determination of the Producers' Percentages. 
          The field's D&M Reserves, minus its total wet-gas
          production (i.e. wellhead gas plus field condensate) as
          of December 31, 1994 ("Past Field Production"), shall be
          hereinafter referred to as its "Remaining D&M Reserves
          After Production".

     (b)  Determination of Net Gas

          The D&M Reserves for each field shall be adjusted by
          deducting the following amounts (expressed in BSCF) to
          determine the amount of net natural gas deemed available
          to each field ("Initial Net Gas Reserves").

          (1)  PAST FIELD CONDENSATE SHRINKAGE shall be the
               actual/measured amount of condensate shrinkage for
               the field during the period up to and including
               December 31, 1994, but not including any Lex
               shrinkage; the amount shall also be expressed as a
               percentage of Past Field Production.

          (2)  FUTURE FIELD CONDENSATE SHRINKAGE shall be
               calculated by determining the average annual amount
               of condensate shrinkage (excluding Lex shrinkage)
               over the shorter of (a) the period since production
               began; or (b) the last five Years, expressed as a
               percentage of wet-gas production, and applying such
               percentage to the field's Remaining D&M Reserves
               After Production; provided, however, that if data
               for at least one Year is unavailable due to
               insufficient production history of the field, or if
               based on a production plan of the remaining D&M
               Reserves the quantities of field condensate
               shrinkage would be modified, then evidence shall be
               produced to substantiate the expected condensate
               shrinkage, and calculated values, after
               substantiation, shall be deemed representative of
               the Future Field Condensate Shrinkage.  In
               particular, for the fields named in the LEMIGAS
               letter dated April 27, 1995, the calculation
               methodology described in such letter shall be
               followed.

          (3)  PAST FIELD FLARE shall be the actual/measured
               amount (or if the actual/measured amount is
               unavailable, the calculated amount) of gas flared
               by the field during the period up to and including
               December 31, 1994, but not including any Lex flare;
               the amount shall also be expressed as a percentage
               of Past Field Production.

          (4)  FUTURE FIELD FLARE shall be calculated by
               determining the lowest amount of gas flared
               (excluding Lex flare) in any one Year of the last
               five years, expressed as a percentage of wet-gas
               production, and applying that percentage to the
               field's Remaining D&M Reserves After Production;
               provided, however, that if data for at least five
               Years is unavailable due to insufficient production
               history of the field or if a Development Project is
               anticipated which would modify the quantities of
               gas flared, then evidence shall be produced to
               substantiate the expected field flare, and
               calculated values, after substantiation, shall be
               deemed representative of the Future Field Flare.

          (5)  PAST FIELD FUEL shall be the actual/measured amount
               of fuel consumed by the field during th period up
               to and including December 31, 1994, but not
               including any Lex fuel; the amount shall also be
               expressed as a percentage of Past Field Production.

          (6)  FUTURE FIELD FUEL shall be calculated by
               determining the total amount of fuel gas (excluding
               Lex fuel) required to produce the field's Remaining
               D&M Reserves After Production.  Such calculation
               shall take account of the anticipated annual fuel
               requirements based on the field facilities required
               to produce the field's Remaining D&M Reserves After
               Production and shall be consistent with the field
               abandonment pressure utilized by D&M in the 1995
               D&M Certificate.  Unless otherwise justified by
               standard petroleum engineering practices or by the
               limited amount of remaining D&M Reserves in a given
               participating field, as approved by PERTAMINA after
               consultation at the EKGRMC or its reserves sub-
               committee, such field's future fuel gas
               requirements shall be calculated on the assumption
               that such field will be maintained in production
               until the end of the Production Sharing Contract
               covering the field.  The amount shall also be
               expressed as a percentage of Remaining D&M Reserves
               After Production.  The calculated values after
               substantiation shall be deemed representative of
               Future Field Fuel.

          Wet-gas field shrinkage, flare and fuel is referred to as
          "Gas to Lex".  The numbers resulting after subtraction
          respectively of (1), (3) and (5) above from the field's
          Past Field Production, and of (2), (4) and (6) above from
          the field's Remaining D&M Reserves After Production,
          shall hereinafter be referred to respectively as the
          field's "Past Gas to Lex" and the field's "Future Gas to
          Lex".

          (7)  PAST LEX SHRINKAGE shall be the actual/measured
               amount (or if the actual/measured amount is
               unavailable, the calculated amount) of shrinkage at
               the Lex plant during the period up to and including
               December 31, 1994; the amount shall also be
               expressed as a percentage of Past Gas to Lex.

          (8)  FUTURE LEX SHRINKAGE shall be calculated by
               determining the average annual amount of Lex
               shrinkage over the shorter of (a) the period since
               production began; or (b) the last five Years,
               expressed as a percentage of Gas to Lex, and
               applying such percentage to the field's Future Gas
               to Lex; provided, however, that if a Development
               Project is anticipated which would modify the
               quantities of Lex shrinkage, then evidence shall be
               produced to substantiate the expected Lex
               shrinkage, and calculated values, after
               substantiation, shall be deemed representative of
               the Future Lex Shrinkage.

          (9)  PAST LEX FUEL shall be the actual/measured amount
               of Lex fuel gas during the period up to and
               including December 31, 1994; the amount shall also
               be expressed as a percentage of Past Gas to Lex.

          (10) FUTURE LEX FUEL shall be calculated by determining
               the average annual amount of Lex fuel gas over the
               shorter of (a) the period since production began;
               or (b) the last five Years, expressed as a
               percentage of Gas to Lex, and applying that
               percentage to the field's Future Gas to Lex;
               provided, however, that if a Development Project is
               anticipated which would modify the quantities of
               Lex fuel gas, then evidence shall be produced to
               substantiate the expected Lex fuel gas, and
               calculated values, after substantiation, shall be
               deemed representative of the Future Lex Fuel.

          (11) PAST LEX FLARE shall be the actual/measured amount
               (or if the actual/measured amount is unavailable,
               the calculated amount) of Lex flared gas during the
               period up to and including December 31, 1994; the
               amount shall also be expressed as a percentage of
               Past Gas to Lex.

          (12) FUTURE LEX FLARE shall be calculated by determining
               the lowest amount of Lex flared gas in any one Year
               of the last five Years, expressed as a percentage
               of Gas to Lex, and applying that percentage to the
               field's Future Gas to Lex; provided, however, that
               if a Development Project is anticipated which would
               modify the quantities of Lex flared gas, then
               evidence shall be produced to substantiate the
               expected Lex flared gas, and calculated values,
               after substantiation, shall be deemed
               representative of the Future Lex Flare.

          Gas to Lex less Lex shrinkage, fuel and flare is referred
          to as "Inlet Gas".  The numbers resulting after
          subtraction respectively of (7), (9) and (11) above from
          the field's Past Gas to Lex, and of (8), (10) and (12)
          above from the field's Future Gas to Lex, shall
          hereinafter be referred to respectively as the field's
          "Past Inlet Gas" and the field's "Future Inlet Gas".

          (13) PAST CO2 AND INERTS shall be the actual/measured
               amount of CO2 and inerts contained in the Inlet Gas
               (determined by Inlet Gas analysis) during the
               period up to and including December 31, 1994; the
               amount shall also be expressed as a percentage of
               Past Inlet Gas.

          (14) FUTURE CO2 AND INERTS shall be calculated by
               determining the average annual amount of CO2 and
               inerts over the shorter of (a) the period since
               production began; or (b) the last five Years,
               expressed as a percentage of Inlet Gas, and
               applying such percentage to the field's Future
               Inlet Gas; provided, however, that if data for at
               least one Year is unavailable due to insufficient
               production history of the field or if based on a
               production plan of the remaining D&M Reserves the
               quantities of CO2 and inerts would be modified
               considering the initial CO2 and inerts estimated to
               be contained in such field, then evidence shall be
               produced to substantiate the expected CO2 and
               inerts, and calculated values, after
               substantiation, shall be deemed representative of
               the Future CO2 and Inerts.

          (15) PAST BONTANG C5+ shall be the actual/measured
               amount of Bontang C5+ contained in the Inlet Gas
               (determined by Inlet Gas analysis) during the
               period up to and including December 31, 1994; the
               amount shall also be expressed as a percentage of
               Past Inlet Gas.

          (16) FUTURE BONTANG C5+ shall be calculated by
               determining the average annual amount of Bontang
               C5+ contained in the Inlet Gas (determined by Inlet
               Gas analysis) over the shorter of (a) the period
               since production began; or (b) the last five Years,
               expressed as a percentage of Inlet Gas, and
               applying such percentage to the field's Future
               Inlet Gas; provided, however, that if data for at
               least one Year is unavailable due to insufficient
               production history of the field or if a Development
               Project is anticipated which would modify the
               quantities of C5+, then evidence shall be produced
               to substantiate the expected C5+, and calculated
               values, after substantiation, shall be deemed
               representative of the Future Bontang C5+.

          For the purposes of (1) to (16) above:

          (i)  A "Year" is a calendar year during all or
               substantially all of which the field was in
               production; references to the last five Years are
               to the five Years ending December 31, 1994.

          (ii) A "Development Project" shall be based on the 1995
               D&M Certificate and shall include the following
               projects:

               (1)  Tambora/Tunu Fields Development Project;
               (2)  Peciko Field Development Project;
               (3)  Sisi Field Development Project;
               (4)  Pamaguan Field Development Project;
               (5)  Mutiara Field Additional Compression Project;
               (6)  Santan Field Development Project;
               (7)  Melahin/Kerindingan Fields Development
                    Projects;
               (8)  Serang Field Development Project;
               (9)  Nubi Field Development Project;
               (10) Lampake Field Development Project; and
               (11) Any other project for which a project proposal
                    has been approved by PERTAMINA no later than
                    October 31, 1995.

          (iii)     For any particular field, where future
                    deductions are to be based on a period of time
                    shorter than five Years or are to be based in
                    substantiated expected values, such deductions
                    shall be made on a consistent basis using,
                    where appropriate, comparable periods of time,
                    and shall exclude any unreliable data (i.e.
                    data which is outside the range of normal
                    technical practice or which cannot be
                    demonstrated to be reproduced regularly in the
                    future).  In particular, Future Field Flare
                    and Future Lex Flare will be calculated on the
                    basis of the same Year.

          (iv) In the calculation of Future Lex Shrinkage, Fuel
               and Flare, PERTAMINA's decision (ref:
               4081/LOD30/93-S1) dated September 9, 1993 set out
               in Section A shall apply with the exception of the
               last sentence referring to "actual data" and in
               lieu thereof, the most up-to-date relevant data
               shall be utilized.  The calculation shall recognize
               that Lex comprises: the Santan Terminal Lex Plant
               ("STLP"), the Santan Compressor Station ("SCS") and
               the Santan Terminal Oil Processing Facilities
               ("STOPF").  Further, gas may only bypass the STLP
               if the maximum processing capacity of the STLP is
               utilized ("Bypass Gas"); STLP shrinkage shall only
               apply to gas that is processed in the STLP;
               shrinkage in respect of Bypass Gas shall be
               accounted for in the SCS and the STOPF (if
               applicable) only; and all future fuel and flare
               amounts (excluding future field fuel and flare
               already accounted for) which are expected to be
               utilized to produce the Future Gas to Lex,
               including the gas to be processed through the Lex
               and Bypass Gas, are to be accounted for in the
               Future Lex Fuel and the Future Lex Flare.

          Wet-gas less (when applicable): field shrinkage, flare
          and fuel; Lex shrinkage, flare and fuel; CO2 and inerts;
          and Bontang C5+ is referred to as "Net Gas".  The number
          resulting after subtraction of (1) to (16) from the
          field's D&M Reserves  shall be the field's Initial Net
          Gas Reserves".

     (c)  Santan/Bontang Fuel

          (1)  The field's Initial Net Gas Reserves shall be
               adjusted for past and future Santan fuel gas.  Past
               and future Santan fuel gas attributable to the
               operations in respect of the hydrocarbons received
               from Badak Central and handled at the Santan
               Terminal shall be allocated to the VICO Group
               fields and Total Group fields in the same amounts
               as determined in Package IV for Santan fuel gas
               reallocation.

          (2)  In recognition that the EKGRMC has determined that
               it is not appropriate from a technical standpoint
               to adjust the field's reserves for past and future
               gas consumed at the Bontang Plant, for the removal
               of the CO2 component and for the removal, handling
               and transportation to Badak Central of the C5+
               components, no such adjustment shall be made to the
               field's Initial Net Gas Reserves in determining the
               Producers' Percentages hereunder.

          For each field, the number resulting after adjustment for
          Santan fuel gas reallocation under Section 2(c)(1) shall
          be the field's "Initial Adjusted Net Gas Reserves".

     (d)  Determination of Net Gas Requirement for Prior Sales
          Commitments

          The Net Gas requirement (expressed in BSCF) for the sales
          commitment of each "Package" (groupings of gas sales
          supply commitments, i.e., Packages I, II, III, KCO, IV
          and V) shall be comprised of the following:

          (1)  the LNG and LPG component;
          (2)  the KFP component; and
          (3)  the KMI component.

          The amount of the LNG and LPG component for each Package
          shall be determined on the basis of the calculated Net
          Gas Bontang Plant efficiency (for LNG and LPG sales),
          considering the average hydrocarbon heating value ("HHV")
          of the Net Gas at the Bontang Plant.  The commitments for
          each Package will be further adjusted based on an
          estimated HHV of the corresponding Net Gas of each
          Package.  The applicable Bontang Plant efficiency shall
          be (i) for each year up to and including December 31,
          1994, the actual observed efficiency based on gas
          delivered from the fields and BTU's of LNG and LPG
          produced by the Bontang Plant for that year, and (ii)
          from January 1, 1995 onwards, the average of the Bontang
          Plant efficiencies for the five years to December 31,
          1994 as determined under (i).

          The amount of the KFP component shall be determined by
          adding (i) the gas received and paid for at KFP adjusted
          for past fuel and flare at the SKG Compressor Station up
          to December 31, 1994, and (ii) the remaining contractual
          amounts from January 1, 1995 to the end of each contract
          adjusted for future fuel and flare at the SKG Compressor
          Station.  The future fuel and flare at the SKG Compressor
          Station will be determined using the average of the last
          five years of the past fuel and flare.

          The amount of the KMI component shall be determined on
          the basis of the contractual amounts of gas to be
          supplied to KMI.

     (e)  Deduction of Prior Commitments

          Each field's Initial Adjusted Net Gas Reserves shall
          serve as the basis for determining the amount of natural
          gas remaining unallocated and thus available to be
          allocated to meet the supply commitments of the east
          Kalimantan Contractors under the Package VI Supply
          Agreements.

          The following supply contributions shall be calculated
          for each field:

          (1)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO PACKAGE I
          (2)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO PACKAGE II
          (3)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO PACKAGE III
          (4)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO KCO
          (5)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO PACKAGE IV
          (6)  NET GAS ALLOCABLE TO PACKAGE V

          using the percentages as set forth in Table 2 attached
          and hereby incorporated herewith.  Such contributions
          shall be hereinafter referred to as the "Prior Net Gas
          Commitment" for each East Kalimantan Contractor Group's
          fields.

          For each East Kalimantan Contractor Group's fields, the
          figures resulting after deducting its Prior Net Gas
          Commitment from its Initial Adjusted Net Gas Reserves
          shall be deemed its "Uncommitted Net Gas Reserves".

     (f)  Package VI Sales

          It is agreed that the following are to be grouped
          together (hereinafter called "Package VI Sales"):

          1.   All quantities of LNG sold pursuant to the
               Memorandum of Agreement dated October 6, 1994 Re:
               1981 LNG Sales Contract Extension in respect of the
               period April 1, 2003 to March 31, 2008;
          2.   All quantities of LNG sold pursuant to the
               Memorandum of Mutual Intent with Korea Gas
               Corporation dated July 22, 1994 for Purchase and
               Sale of LNG, in respect of the period 2000 to 2017;
          3.   All quantities of LNG sold pursuant to the
               Memorandum of Understanding with CPC dated December
               6, 1994 for Purchase and Sale of LNG, in respect of
               the period 2000 to 2017;
          4.   Any natural gas quantities sold under new domestic
               sales contracts entered into before January 1,
               2000, provided that the first delivery of Natural
               Gas pursuant to such contract is scheduled to
               commence, at the time such contract is entered
               into, before January 1, 2000 (but not including:
               a.   any Bontang LPG sales; and
               b.   any quantities sold under sales contracts not
                    supported by the reserves from each PSC area
                    as certified by the 1995 D&M Certificate).

          Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall Package VI
          Sales include any quantities allocated to prior gas
          commitments (i.e. Packages I, II, III, KCO, IV and V). 
          For the avoidance of doubt:  Package IV prior gas supply
          commitments shall be those quantities defined as Package
          IV Sales under section 2(f) of the Memorandum of
          Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and Package IV Sales
          dated August 12, 1991 ("Package IV MOU"); and Package V
          prior gas supply commitments shall be those quantities
          defined as Package V Sales under section 2(f) of the
          Memorandum of Understanding Re: Supply Agreements and
          Package V Sales dated October 5, 1994 ("Package V MOU")
          which quantities shall represent the best estimate, as of
          October 31, 1995, of Package IV Sales and Package V
          Sales.

          It is agreed that the Producers' Percentages as
          determined herein shall apply to Package VI Sales.

     (g)  Determination of Producers' Percentages

          Each East Kalimantan Contractor Group s Producers 
          Percentage shall be equal to the ratio that the volume of
          the Uncommitted Net Gas Reserves of such group's fields
          bears to the aggregate volume of the Uncommitted Net Gas
          Reserves from all fields.  The aggregate Net Gas
          requirement for Package VI Sales shall be supplied by
          each East Kalimantan Contractor Group in proportion to
          such group's Producers' Percentage.

3.   Participating Fields

     For the purposes of PART TWO of this Memorandum of
     Understanding, a participating field shall mean a field within
     the Gas Supply Area which is included in the 1995 D&M
     Certificate and either:

     (a)  is a participating field pursuant to the Package V MOU as
          supplemented on May 31, 1995; or

     (b)  has received an approval in principle from PERTAMINA for
          a Plan Of Development no later than October 31, 1995.

4.   Lemigas Mass Balance Study

     Unless otherwise agreed between the East Kalimantan
     Contractors, the data to be utilized for the purposes of
     Section 2 above shall be based on the data included in a new
     Lemigas study of Mass Balance for East Kalimantan
     participating fields (hereinafter called the "Lemigas Mass
     Balance Study Package VI").  Therefore, each of TOTAL
     Indonesie, Virginia Indonesia Company, and UNOCAL (in its
     capacity as operator of its respective group) shall use its
     best efforts to assist Lemigas to prepare the Lemigas Mass
     Balance Study Package VI based on accurate production data up
     to December 31, 1994.  In this regard, TOTAL Indonesie,
     Virginia Indonesia Company, and UNOCAL shall promptly furnish
     Lemigas with all information needed by Lemigas to prepare the
     Lemigas Mass Balance Study Package VI.  Each operator shall
     use its best efforts to ensure that the lemigas Mass Balance
     Study Package VI includes accurate data up to December 31,
     1994 on its production sharing contract area and to ensure
     that the Lemigas Mass Balance Study Package VI is available
     for use by the parties as soon as possible.

5.   EKGRMC

     To ensure a timely and accurate determination of Producers'
     Percentages, the parties hereto instruct the EKGRMC to monitor
     and, when considered prudent, to verify the accuracy of any
     and all data supporting the calculation of Producers
     Percentages.

6.   Supplemental Memorandum

     The determination of Producers' Percentages shall be completed
     as soon as practicable and the parties hereto shall thereupon
     execute a memorandum supplemental ("Supplemental Memorandum")
     to this Memorandum of Understanding confirming the
     participating fields and the Producers' Percentages.  Such
     Supplemental Memorandum shall be executed no later that twelve
     (12) months after the Data Cut-Off Date.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Memorandum of
Understanding to be executed by their duly authorized
representatives as of the date first above written.


PERUSAHAAN PERTAMBANGAN MINYAK
DAN GAS BUMI NEGARA
(PERTAMINA)

By           /S/               <PAGE>
VIRGINIA INDONESIA COMPANY



By           /S/               <PAGE>
TOTAL INDONESIE

By           /S/               <PAGE>
UNOCAL INDONESIA COMPANY

By           /S/               <PAGE>
OPICOIL HOUSTON INC.

By           /S/               <PAGE>
INDONESIA PETROLEUM, LTD.

By           /S/               <PAGE>
VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL COMPANY

By           /S/               <PAGE>
LASMO SANGA SANGA LIMITED


By           /S/               <PAGE>
UNION TEXAS EAST KALIMANTAN
LIMITED

By           /S/               <PAGE>
UNIVERSE GAS & OIL COMPANY,
INC.

By           /S/               
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>TABLE 1
         UNCOMMITTED NET GAS RESERV                                     ES
_______________ FIELD (BSC                                     F)



<CAPTION>                                              Status as at 31/12/94              Future
                                                  
                                                  Percent   Amount                   Percent   Amount 
                                                    (%)     BSCF                       (%)      BSCF

<S>                                                 <C>     <C>                        <C>      <C>
1.    D&M Initial Reserves* (BSCF)                
2.    Past Field Production (BSCF)
3.    Remaining Reserves (BSCF)                   
4.    Field Shrinkage (% of 2 or 3, BSCF)                   
5.    Field Flare (% of 2 or 3, BSCF)                  
6.    Field Fuel (% of 2 or 3, BSCF)                   
7.    Gas to LEX (BSCF)                 
8.    LEX Shrinkage (% of 7, BSCF)                
9.    LEX Fuel (% of 7, BSCF)                
10.   LEX to Flare (% of 7, BSCF)                 
11.   Inlet Gas Available (BSCF)                  
11.a  CO2 + Inerts (% of 11, BSCF)                
11.b  Bontang Condensate C5+ (% of 11, BSCF)                
12.   Net Gas Produced (BSCF)                
13.   Net Gas Remaining (BSCF)                    
14.   Initial Net Gas Reserves (BSCF)                        ______                            
15.   Santan Fuel Gas Reallocation (BSCF)              ______                                       _____
16.   Initial Adjusted Net Gas Reserves (BSCF)               ______      
17.   Prior Net Gas Commitments (BSCF)                       ______   
18.   Uncommitted Net Gas Reserves (BSCF)                    ______


* Reserves from 1995 D&M Certificate.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
TABLE 2
                            FIELD'S CONTRIBUTION PERCENTAGES
                    
<CAPTION>
FIELD               PACKAGE I           PACKAGE II     PACKAGE III         KCO       PACKAGE IV          PACKAGE V
<S>                 <C>                <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>                  <C>        
Badak               100.0000%          30.2840%         2.3594%        3.0500%       6.7978%             7.2911%
Nilam                      -           45.1713%        20.1902%       29.9933%      13.2347%             9.2893%
Mutiara                    -                  -         5.6098%       12.0394%       3.8824%             2.8781%
Semberah                   -                  -         5.2399%       10.5511%       5.6929%             3.3058%
Pamaguan                   -                  -               -              -       0.1990%             0.0990%
Lampake                    -                  -               -              -            -              0.6105%
HDL/BKP                    -           20.1619%        22.9595%       13.5315%       0.4194%             0.9260%
Tambora                    -                  -         9.9829%        8.2966%       8.9426%             4.1118%
Tunu                       -                  -         8.8424%        7.5381%      27.7561%            34.8886%
Sisi                       -                  -               -              -       6.7013%             2.9807%
Nubi                       -                  -               -              -            -              2.4223%
Peciko                     -                  -               -              -      14.2948%            25.0499%
Attaka                     -                      4.3828%    24.8159% 15.0000%       9.0326%             3.1320%
Melahin                    -                  -               -              -       0.4455%             0.0426%
Kerindingan                -                  -               -              -       0.2033%             0.1004%
Serang                     -                  -               -              -       1.4621%             2.3612%
Santan                     -                  -               -              -       0.9355%             0.5107%
SUM                 100.0000%         100.0000%       100.0000%      100.0000%     100.0000%           100.0000%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
PSC GROUP            PACKAGE I          PACKAGE II     PACKAGE III         KCO       PACKAGE IV          PACKAGE V
<S>                 <C>                <C>             <C>            <C>           <C>                 <C>
VICO                 97.9000%          66.4310%        29.6004%       50.0000%      27.2064%            21.5956%
TOTAL                 2.1000%          29.1862%        45.5837%       35.0000%      60.7146%            72.2575%
UNOCAL                0.0000%           2.1914%        12.4048%        7.5000%       7.5627%             4.5809%
INPEX ATTAKA          0.0000%           2.1914%        12.4080%        7.5000%       4.5163%             1.5660%
SUM                 100.0000%         100.0000%       100.0000%      100.0000%     100.0000%           100.0000%

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
