-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 sv4LKdRxjXxlTcfbgf0IhsIs9mCHJQgagpslXBU7XuoYAhSUpVVdvlY9oNs6mIwm
 Dmw4+9qgUqWoHNyo2YiicA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000102438-95-000010.txt : 19950712<IMS-HEADER>0000102438-95-000010.hdr.sgml : 19950711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000102438-95-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19941231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19950328
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			USP REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102438
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				426149662
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-07589
		FILM NUMBER:		95523722

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4333 EDGEWOOD RD NE
		CITY:			CEDAR RAPIDS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52499
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3193988975

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4333 EDGEWOOD ROAD NE
		CITY:			CEDAR RAPIDS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52499

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SECURITY FIRST INVESTMENT TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19701113
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                         UNITED STATES
              SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                    Washington, D.C.  20549

                           FORM 10-K

       Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
              the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

   For the fiscal year ended       Commission file number 0-
December 31, 1994                  7589


             USP  REAL  ESTATE  INVESTMENT  TRUST
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             Iowa                         42-6149662
(State or other jurisdiction of        (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)        Identification No.)

 4333 Edgewood Road N.E., Cedar               52499
           Rapids, IA                      (Zip Code)
 (Address of principal executive
            offices)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (319) 398-
                             8975


  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                             None

  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

          Shares of Beneficial Interest, $1 Par Value
                       (Title of Class)


Indicate by check-mark whether the registrant  (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  X      No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.    [ X ]

The aggregate market value of the voting shares of the
registrant held by non-affiliates at March 1, 1995 was
$10,627,892.

The number of shares of beneficial interest of the registrant
outstanding at March 1, 1995 was 3,880,000.

              DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                             None.
Part I.

Item 1.  Business

The Trust

USP Real Estate Investment Trust is an equity-oriented real
estate investment trust organized under the laws of the State
of Iowa pursuant to a Declaration of Trust as amended and
restated through April 23, 1984.  The Trust was formed on
March 10, 1970 to provide its shareholders with an opportunity
to participate in the benefits of real estate investment and
at the same time enjoy the liquidity and marketability
resulting from the ownership of securities which are publicly-
traded.

USP has elected to qualify as a real estate investment trust
under the Internal Revenue Code.  As a result of this
election, the Trust is not taxed on the portion of its income
which is distributed to shareholders, provided it distributes
at least 95% of its taxable income, has at least 75% of its
assets in real estate investments and meets certain other
requirements for qualification as a real estate investment
trust.

The Trust has no employees as all services necessary to
conduct the day-to-day operations are performed by AEGON USA
Realty Advisors, Inc. ("AEGON Realty Advisors") and its
affiliates.  (See Note 5 to the Financial Statements.)

Investment Policy

The Trust's primary investment objective is to invest in real
estate which will provide the best available cash flow and
offer prospects for long-term appreciation in value.  The
Trust selectively sells property when it is determined that a
sales transaction will economically benefit the Trust through
the realization of capital gains.  The Trust has not acquired
property with a view to realizing appreciation from short-term
sales.

The Trust has sought to achieve its investment objectives by
investing principally in the direct ownership of real estate.
Short-term cash investments are made in high-quality
commercial paper, money market funds and certificates of
deposit.

At December 31, 1994, six commercial properties were being
leased on a managed basis and one property was leased on a net
lease basis.  All managed properties, with one exception, have
at least one tenant representing more than 20% of the revenue
from that property, and the Kroger Company represents more
than 10% of the total revenue of the Trust under a lease
expiring in April 2012.

Source of Funds and Financing

The principal source of funds for investment by USP was $25
million in proceeds from its initial public offering of
shares.  The Trust ceased the issuance of shares from this
offering in 1978.  The Trust completed a secondary offering of
its shares in 1988, raising nearly $10 million.  Since
substantially all of the Trust's net income must be
distributed to shareholders in order to qualify as a real
estate investment trust, USP has relied primarily on cash
generated from operations and property sales in excess of
shareholder distributions, along with long-term borrowings
secured by mortgages on specific properties, to finance real
estate investments.  Outstanding indebtedness of USP may not,
according to the Declaration of Trust, exceed four hundred
percent of the Trust's net assets (shareholders' equity plus
accumulated depreciation).  The aggregate principal amount of
long-term mortgage indebtedness and net assets of the Trust as
of December 31, 1994 were $16,853,303 and $26,340,050,
respectively.

The Trust may finance future real estate investments through
additional borrowings secured by mortgages on the Trust's real
estate properties.  USP currently has no commitments or
arrangements for any such financing and there can be no
assurance that suitable financing will be available on terms
satisfactory to the Trust in the future.  At December 31,
1994, the Trust had available a $500,000 bank line of credit
on an uncommitted basis, draws against which must be
collateralized by securities or other assets.

Mortgage Loans Receivable

In December 1990, the Trust sold Hickory Hills Shopping Center
in Hillsville, Virginia and College Square Shopping Center in
Jefferson City, Tennessee.  The Trust provided mortgage loan
financing for these sales in the amount of $525,000 for
Hickory Hills and $1,125,000 for College Square.  The loans
mature on December 20, 1997 and yield 9.5% to the Trust.

Competition

USP's portfolio competes with other similar properties in its
respective markets, some of which are newer than the USP
properties.  A strengthening U.S. economy, a low level of
commercial real estate construction, and strong leasing
efforts were factors resulting in improvement in the occupancy
of Trust properties during the last three years.  Overall
occupancy for the entire portfolio was 96% at December 31,
1994, 95% at December 31, 1993, and 92% at December 31, 1992.

Item 2.  Properties

Real Estate Investments

The Trust has direct ownership of seven commercial real estate
properties.  These real estate investments are diversified
geographically with 57% of the portfolio located in the
Southeast, 22% in the Southwest and 21% in the Great Lakes
Region based on the cost of the properties.

Properties owned by the Trust are leased to tenants either on
a managed basis or under net lease arrangements.  As the owner
of managed property the Trust receives gross rentals and
incurs operating expenses, such as property taxes, insurance,
repairs, maintenance and common area utilities.  Under net
lease arrangements, the tenant, rather than the Trust, pays
all operating expenses related to the leased premises.  At
December 31, 1994, six commercial properties were being leased
on a managed basis and one property was leased on a net lease
basis.

The six managed commercial properties consisted of five
shopping centers and one business park.  Managed commercial
properties comprised 95% of the Trust's investment portfolio
in 1994, compared to 95% in 1993 and 96% in 1992.  Managed
commercial properties provided 91% of USP's annual revenue in
1994, compared to 92% in 1993 and 90% in 1992.  All managed
properties, with one exception, have at least one tenant
representing more than 20% of the revenue from that property,
and the Kroger Company represents more than 10% of the total
revenue of the Trust under a lease expiring in April 2012.

The net leased property is an office/warehouse which
represented approximately 5% of the Trust's investment
portfolio in 1994, 5% in 1993 and 4% in 1992, and generated 6%
of the Trust's annual revenue in 1994, 1993, and 1992.

The Trust's real estate investments are not expected to be
substantially affected by federal, state or local laws and
regulations establishing ecological or environmental
restrictions on the development and operations of such
property.  The existence and/or enactment of such provisions
may reduce the Trust's ability to fulfill its investment
objectives.

Recent Transactions

The Trust entered into a ten-year lease effective July 15,
1994 with a furniture store at First Tuesday Mall in
Carrollton, Georgia for 23,040 square feet of space.  Under
the lease, rents of $62,208 per year commenced on August 1,
1994, with a scheduled rent increase after five years.  In
order to secure this lease, the Trust paid a lease commission
of $33,606 which will be amortized over the lease term.

The Trust sold Midway Business Park in Tucson, Arizona on
September 16, 1994, realizing a gain of $788,588.  The sale
price for Midway was $4,800,000 from which the Trust paid
selling expenses of $158,580 and retired mortgage indebtedness
on the property of $3,141,973.  A portion of the net proceeds
was used to prepay a mortgage loan on First Tuesday Mall on
January 31, 1995.  The prepayment amount, including a 1% fee
to the lender, was $1,147,526.  The annual debt service on
this mortgage was $229,068, including interest at 10%.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

Legal Proceedings

The Trust is not a party to any pending legal proceedings
which, in the opinion of management, are material to the
Trust's financial position.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

None.

Part II.

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters

Distribution Information

The Trust is required to distribute at least 95% of its
taxable income to continue its qualification as a real estate
investment trust.  Although the Trust expects to continue
making distributions to shareholders, there is no assurance of
future distributions, since they are dependent upon earnings,
cash flow, the financial condition of the Trust and other
factors.

Income Tax Information

The percentages indicated below, multiplied by the amount of
distributions received or reinvested during the year, result
in the amount to be reported for income tax purposes.  A Form
1099 is mailed to shareholders at the end of each year
reflecting the distributions paid by the Trust in that year.
<TABLE>
Dividend Character
<S>                    <C>       <C>        <C>
                      1994      1993       1992
                                         
                                         
Ordinary income        73.71%    78.03%     19.31%
                                                  
Capital gains          26.29%         _     12.60%
                                                  
Return of capital           _    21.97%     68.09%
                                                  
Total                 100.00%   100.00%    100.00%
                                                  
Distributions             .25       .24        .36
paid, per share
</TABLE>

Identification of Market and Price Range

At March 1, 1995, the Trust had 3,880,000 shares of beneficial
interest issued and outstanding to 2,394 shareholders of
record.  The Trust's shares of beneficial interest are traded
over-the-counter on the National Association of Securities
Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) System under the symbol
USPTS.  At March 1, 1995, the Trust's per share bid and asked
prices were $3.875 and $4.125, respectively, as obtained from
John G. Kinnard & Co., Inc., Minneapolis, Minnesota,
Wedbush/Morgan Securities, Inc., Newport Beach, California,
Stifel Nicolaus, St. Louis, Missouri, and Herzog, Heine,
Geduld, Inc., New York, New York, the principal market makers
for shares of the Trust.  These prices reflect quotations
between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, mark-
down or commission and do not necessarily represent actual
transactions.

<TABLE>
Market Price Range
<C>   <C>              <C>              <C>        <C>

                           Over-the-Counter Bid Price
Quarter Ended           High          Low           Close
                                           
1994                                       
March 31               3 3/8            3          3 1/8
June 30                3 1/8        2 3/4              3
September 30           3 3/8            3          3 1/4
December 31            3 1/4        2 7/8              3
                                                        
1993                                                    
March 31               2 3/8       1 9/16          2 3/8
June 30                2 3/4        2 3/8          2 5/8
September 30           3 3/8        2 5/8          3 3/8
December 31            4 1/4        3 1/4          3 3/8
</TABLE>
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
<TABLE>
<S>                      <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>

Years Ended December      1994         1993          1992         1991          1990
31
                                                                             
Revenue                  6,179,495     6,272,463    5,929,073     6,478,555   7,241,400
Earnings from              934,605       715,746      282,401       627,661     701,534
Operations
Net Gain on Sale or                                                                    
  Disposition of           788,588             _      175,991       181,359     710,506
Property
Provision for                    _             _            _             _   (200,000)
Valuation Loss
                                                                                       
Net Earnings             1,723,193       715,746      458,392       809,020   1,212,040
                                                                                       
Distributions to         1,008,800       931,200    1,241,600     2,134,000   2,328,000
Shareholders

Per Share*                                                                   
Earnings from                  .24           .18          .07           .16         .18
Operations
Net Earnings                   .44           .18          .12           .21         .31
Distributions to               .26           .24          .32           .55         .60
Shareholders

Real Estate and                                                                        
Mortgage Loans          31,237,604    35,782,150   36,631,659    37,328,542  41,562,326
  Receivable
Total Assets            34,333,593    37,487,867   38,235,283    40,132,321  45,122,439
Mortgage Loans          16,853,303    20,387,645   20,855,442    21,557,645  25,024,932
Payable
Total Liabilities       17,720,310    21,588,977   22,120,939    23,234,769  26,899,907
Shareholders' Equity    16,613,283    15,898,890   16,114,344    16,897,552  18,222,532
</TABLE>

*    Per share amounts for Earnings from Operations and Net
     Earnings are based on the weighted average number of
     shares outstanding for each period.  Per share amounts
     for Distributions to Shareholders are based on the actual
     number of shares outstanding on the respective record
     dates.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations


The discussion that follows should be read in the general
context of the discussion in "Item 1 Business" and "Item 2
Properties" on pages 2 and 3 of this report.

Results of Operations

Growth in the U.S. economy continued in 1994 at a robust pace.
Job growth was significant as evidenced by a 3 million year-to-
year increase in non-agricultural employment through mid-1994,
outpacing the 2.1 million gain during the same period a year
earlier.  Retail sales increased at an estimated annual pace
of 7.8% during the first nine months of 1994 compared to 6.3%
over the same period in 1993.  The Trust benefited from these
positive economic factors and experienced improvements in
portfolio occupancy rate and operating results in 1994.

The Trust sold Midway Business Park in Tucson, Arizona on
September 16, 1994 for $4,800,000, recognizing a gain on the
sale of $788,588.  In October 1994, the Trust completed the
repair of Presidential Business Park in Atlanta, Georgia,
which was damaged by fire in the fourth quarter of 1993.  The
Trust was insured against this loss including loss of rents
from displaced tenants.  Therefore, there was no significant
impact on earnings from this event.

On February 1, 1995, the Trust announced that it had begun
exploring strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder
value.  Such alternatives may include a business combination
or sale of the Trust's assets.  The decision reflects the
opinion of the Trust's board of trustees that recent market
prices for the Trust's shares have not adequately reflected
the value of the Trust.

1994 compared to 1993

Rental income was $5,960,114 in 1994 compared to $6,077,305 in
1993 which represents a decrease of 2%.  However, rental
income from properties owned throughout both years increased
3% from $5,082,726 in 1993 to $5,222,406 in 1994 primarily due
to higher occupancy rates.  Interest income was $219,381 in
1994 compared to $195,158 in 1993, an increase of 12%, due to
higher investable cash balances and higher interest rates
received on these balances in 1994.

Kingsley Square in Orange Park, Florida recorded higher rents
of $50,000 (7% over 1993) as a result of increases in average
occupancy and rental rates.  The Trust entered into a new
lease in 1994 with a furniture store for 23,040 square feet at
First Tuesday Mall in Carrollton, Georgia which was the
primary reason for a $42,000 or 5% increase in rents at this
property.  (See discussion under "Item 2 Properties - Recent
Transactions.")  Rental income at Mendenhall Commons in
Memphis, Tennessee increased $52,000 or 6% due primarily to
increased tenant expense recoveries.  Presidential Drive in
Atlanta, Georgia recorded a revenue increase of $62,000 or 25%
in 1994 due to increased rental rates and recovery of
delinquent rents which had been considered uncollectible.  As
mentioned above, insurance covered the loss of rents from
several tenants which were displaced at this property during a
portion of 1994.  North Park Plaza in Phoenix, Arizona and
Yamaha Warehouse in Cudahy, Wisconsin recorded moderate
revenue increases in 1994.  Geneva Square in Lake Geneva,
Wisconsin was the only property showing a decline in revenues,
as rental income fell $91,000 or 8% due to a decrease in
occupancy from 1993, a year in which the property operated at
100% occupancy for most of the year.

Property expenses before depreciation were $1,928,502 in 1994
compared to $1,957,429 in 1993 which represents 32% of rental
income for both years.  The primary reason for the decrease
was the sale of Midway in September 1994.  Midway's property
expenses before depreciation declined $106,000 in 1994 due to
the partial year of operation by the Trust.  On a same
property basis, property expenses before depreciation
increased to $1,594,949 in 1994 from $1,517,985 in 1993.  Real
estate taxes increased $12,000 in 1994 as a result of an
$82,000 increase at Mendenhall Commons due to a tax refund
received in 1993, which was partially offset by tax decreases
at First Tuesday, North Park, and Midway (due to the partial
year of operation).  All wages and salaries were incurred in
connection with the operation of Midway, the sale of which
resulted in a $12,000 decrease in this expense.  Repairs and
maintenance expense increased $28,000 as a result of a $68,000
increase at First Tuesday due to higher remodeling
expenditures for new and existing tenants, which was partially
offset by a $42,000 decline at Midway due to the partial year
of operations.  Other property expenses were $33,000 lower in
1994 because of a consulting fee paid in 1993 to obtain the
tax refund at Mendenhall and a reduction in advertising
expense in 1994.  Depreciation expense declined $68,000 in
1994 due primarily to the Midway sale.  Interest expense
decreased $244,000 as a result of lower interest rates
negotiated in connection with refinancing the mortgage loans
on Geneva Square and Midway in the first quarter of 1994 and
the payoff of the mortgage on Midway upon sale of the
property.  Administrative expense increased $28,000 in 1994 as
a result of increases in legal, mailing, and printing costs.

Earnings from operations were $934,605 in 1994 compared to
$715,746 in 1993 which represents an increase of 31% primarily
due to the significant decline in total expenses, as more
fully described above.  With the $788,588 gain recognized on
the sale of Midway, 1994 net earnings were $1,723,193 compared
to 1993 net earnings of $715,746.

1993 compared to 1992

Rental income was $6,077,305 in 1993 compared to $5,720,060 in
1992 which represents an increase of 6%.  The Trust's
properties enjoyed generally higher occupancy rates in 1993
which caused base rents and tenant expense recoveries to
increase.  Revenue at Kingsley Square in Orange Park, Florida
increased by $93,000 or 16% due to higher occupancy resulting
from new leasing activity in connection with an exterior
renovation project completed in 1992.  Geneva Square in Lake
Geneva, Wisconsin enjoyed 100% occupancy during most of the
year resulting in an increase in rents of  $97,000 or 10%.
North Park Plaza in Phoenix, Arizona recorded a revenue gain
of $61,000 or 6% due to a higher average occupancy rate during
the year.  Midway Business Park in Tucson, Arizona also had
improved occupancy resulting in a revenue increase of
$121,000, a gain of 14% from the prior year.  Rents at the
Trust's other four properties were stable over the two year
period, with two properties recording moderate increases in
1993 and two properties recording moderate decreases in 1993.
Interest income was $195,158 in 1993 compared to $209,013 in
1992, a decline of 7%, due to reduced funds available for
investment.

Property expenses before depreciation were $1,957,429 in 1993
compared to $1,958,575 in 1992 which represents 32% and 35% of
rental income, respectively.  Contributing to the decrease in
property expenses was a $73,000 reduction in real estate
taxes, primarily attributable to a tax refund at Mendenhall
Commons in Memphis, Tennessee, which was also passed through
to tenants pursuant to their leases.  In addition, wages and
salaries declined by $32,000 as a result of restructuring the
on-site management office at Midway Business Park.  These
decreases were offset by a $129,000 increase in repairs and
maintenance attributable to several properties and a $7,000
increase in property insurance expense due to higher premiums.
Management fees also increased $19,000 corresponding to the
increase in rental income.  Other property expenses decreased
by $55,000 as the Trust reduced advertising and lease
commission expenses from the relatively high levels of 1992, a
year in which a significant amount of new leasing occurred.
Administrative expenses were also lower in 1993, decreasing
$54,000 due primarily to the Trust not obtaining a third-party
appraisal opinion for its real estate portfolio.

The net effect of significantly higher revenues and marginally
lower expenses was an increase in net earnings to $715,746 in
1993 compared to $458,392 in 1992, a gain of 56%.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Trust's capital resources consist of its current equity in
real estate investments and mortgage loans receivable.  The
Trust maintains its properties in good condition and provides
adequate insurance coverage.  Liquidity is represented by cash
and cash equivalents ($2,086,511 at December 31, 1994), a
$500,000 line of credit (see discussion under "Item 1 Business
- - Source of Funds and Financing"), and the continued operation
of the Trust's real estate portfolio.  This liquidity is
considered sufficient to meet current obligations.

Net cash provided by operating activities, as shown in the
Statements of Cash Flows, was $1,564,985 for the year ended
December 31, 1994.  Major applications of cash in 1994
included $305,050 for capital expenditures on real estate
properties, $970,000 for dividends to shareholders, and
$585,070 in principal payments on mortgage loans payable.  In
addition, capital expenditures of approximately $170,000 are
anticipated for 1995.

The Trust's debt service commitments for mortgage loans
payable are described in Note 6 to the Financial Statements.
In January 1995, the Trust used cash of $1,147,526 to prepay a
mortgage loan on First Tuesday Mall.  (See Note 6 to the
Financial Statements.)  The Publix Supermarkets lease at
Kingsley Square was extended effective February 11, 1995 for a
five-year term.  The lease extension requires the Trust to
contribute up to $250,000 toward remodeling costs at the
Publix store.  (See Note 7 to the Financial Statements.)  As
of December 31, 1994, there were no other material
commitments.

The Board of Trustees continues to monitor occupancies,
leasing activity, overall Trust operations, liquidity, and
financial condition in determining quarterly distributions to
shareholders.

Inflation

Low to moderate levels of inflation during the past few years
have favorably impacted the Company's operation by stabilizing
operating expenses.  At the same time, low inflation has the
indirect effect of reducing the Company's ability to increase
tenant rents.  The Trust's properties have tenants whose
leases include expense reimbursements and other provisions to
minimize the effect of inflation.  These factors, in the long
run, are expected to result in more attractive returns from
the Trust's real estate portfolio as compared to short-term
investment vehicles.
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
<TABLE>
Balance Sheets
<S>                                    <C>                          <C>

                                                  December 31,  
                                      1994                           1993
Assets                                                          
Real estate                                                     
Land                                   9,666,409                    11,241,492
Buildings and improvements            29,985,157                    32,873,694
                                      39,651,566                    44,115,186
Less accumulated depreciation        (9,726,767)                   (9,668,323)
                                      29,924,799                    34,446,863
Mortgage loans receivable,                                                    
net of deferred gain                   1,312,805                     1,335,287
Real estate and mortgage loans        31,237,604                    35,782,150
receivable
Cash and cash equivalents              2,086,511                       681,277
Rents and other receivables              535,792                       648,811
Prepaid and deferred expenses            316,921                       324,577
Taxes held in escrow                     156,765                        51,052
                                      34,333,593                    37,487,867
Liabilities and Shareholders'                                                 
Equity
Liabilities                                                                   
Mortgage loans payable                16,853,303                    20,387,645
Accounts payable and accrued             494,922                       811,215
expenses
Distribution declared                    271,600                       232,800
Tenant deposits                           73,989                       132,541
Other                                     26,496                        24,776
                                      17,720,310                    21,588,977
Shareholders' Equity                                                          
Shares of beneficial interest,                                                
$1 par value,
20,000,000 shares authorized,                                                 
3,880,000
shares issued and outstanding          3,880,000                     3,880,000
Additional paid-in capital, net                                               
of cumulative
distributions in excess of                                                    
earnings
of $16,382,559 in 1994 and 1993       12,018,890                    12,018,890
Undistributed net earnings               714,393                             _
                                      16,613,283                    15,898,890
                                      34,333,593                    37,487,867
<FN>

See the accompanying notes to financial statements.
<FN>
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
Statements of Earnings
<S>                          <C>            <C>            <C>

                         Years Ended December 31,
                             1994           1993           1992
Revenue                                                
Rents                        5,960,114      6,077,305      5,720,060
Interest                       219,381        195,158        209,013
                                                                    
                             6,179,495      6,272,463      5,929,073
                                                                    
Expenses                                                            
Property expenses:                                                  
Real estate taxes              800,921        789,315        862,456
Wages and salaries              19,354         31,618         63,414
Repairs and maintenance        505,915        477,718        349,214
Utilities                      141,019        140,662        137,548
Management fee                 277,945        287,608        268,259
Insurance                       56,246         70,088         62,630
Other                          127,102        160,420        215,054
                                                                    
Property expenses,                                                  
excluding                    1,928,502      1,957,429      1,958,575
  depreciation
Depreciation                   960,227      1,027,956      1,014,188
                                                                    
Total property expenses      2,888,729      2,985,385      2,972,763
Interest                     1,953,117      2,196,729      2,245,934
Administrative expense         403,044        374,603        427,975
                                                                    
                             5,244,890      5,556,717      5,646,672
                                                                    
Earnings from operations       934,605        715,746        282,401
                                                                    
Net gain on sale of            788,588              _        175,991
property
                                                                    
Net earnings                 1,723,193        715,746        458,392
                                                                    
Net earnings per share             .44            .18            .12
                                                                    
Distributions to             1,008,800        931,200      1,241,600
shareholders
                                                                    
Distributions to                   .26            .24            .32
shareholders per share
<FN>
See the accompanying notes to financial statements.
<FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Statements of Cash Flows
<S>                                  <C>              <C>             <C>

                              Years Ended
                              December 31,
                                    1994             1993            1992

Cash flows from operating                                       
activities:
Rents collected                      5,997,838        5,996,819       5,833,233
Interest received                      217,707          195,084         212,800
Payments for operating             (2,716,513)      (2,389,521)     (2,591,358)
expenses
Interest paid                      (1,934,047)      (2,165,600)     (2,219,523)
                                                                               
Net cash provided by                 1,564,985        1,636,782       1,235,152
operating activities
                                                                               
Cash flows from investing                                                      
activities:
Proceeds from property sales,        4,641,420                _         209,329
net of closing costs
Capital expenditures                 (305,050)        (212,959)       (591,107)
Principal collections on                22,482           20,452         226,404
mortgage loans receivable
Other, net                              64,071        (297,224)          99,510
                                                                               
Net cash provided (used) by          4,422,923        (489,731)        (55,864)
investing activities
                                                                               
Cash flows from financing                                                      
activities:
Principal portion of                                                           
scheduled mortgage loan              (585,070)        (495,561)       (457,296)
  payments
Principal repayment on             (3,141,973)                _       (268,833)
mortgage loans payable
Net proceeds from refinancing          114,369                _               _
Distributions paid to                (970,000)        (931,200)     (1,396,800)
shareholders
                                                                               
Net cash used by financing         (4,582,674)      (1,426,761)     (2,122,929)
activities
                                                                               
Net increase (decrease) in                                                     
cash and cash                        1,405,234        (279,710)       (943,641)
  equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at           681,277          960,987       1,904,628
beginning of year
                                                                               
Cash and cash equivalents at         2,086,511          681,277         960,987
end of year
                                                                               
                                                                               
Reconciliation of net                                                          
earnings to net cash
provided by operating                                                          
activities:
Net earnings                         1,723,193          715,746         458,392
Gain on sale of property             (788,588)                _       (175,991)
                                                                               
Earnings from operations               934,605          715,746         282,401
Depreciation                           960,227        1,027,956       1,014,188
Amortization                            58,975           31,129          27,291
Decrease (increase) in rents            38,571         (84,503)          24,593
and other receivables
Decrease (increase) in                                                         
prepaid and deferred                  (16,921)         (32,199)          19,027
  expenses
Decrease (increase) in taxes         (105,713)          (9,857)         105,127
held in escrow
Decrease in accounts payable                                                   
and accrued                          (302,238)         (25,290)       (224,715)
  expenses
Increase (decrease) in                 (2,521)           13,800        (12,760)
advance rents
                                                                               
Net cash provided by                 1,564,985        1,636,782       1,235,152
operating activities


<FN>
See the accompanying notes to financial statements.
<FN>
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
Statements of Shareholders' Equity
<S>                                        <C>             <C>         <C>                <C>

                              Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992


                               Shares of       Additional      Undistributed         Total
                               Beneficial        Paid-In            Net          Shareholders'
                                Interest         Capital          Earnings           Equity
                                                                               
Balance at January 1, 1992         3,880,000      13,017,552                 _         16,897,552
Net earnings                               _               _           458,392            458,392
Distributions to                           _       (783,208)         (458,392)        (1,241,600)
shareholders
                                                                                                 
Balance at December 31,            3,880,000      12,234,344                 _         16,114,344
1992
Net earnings                               _               _           715,746            715,746
Distributions to                           _       (215,454)         (715,746)          (931,200)
shareholders
                                                                                                 
Balance at December 31,            3,880,000      12,018,890                 _         15,898,890
1993
Net earnings                               _               _         1,723,193          1,723,193
Distributions to                           _               _       (1,008,800)        (1,008,800)
shareholders
                                                                                                 
Balance at December 31,            3,880,000      12,018,890           714,393         16,613,283
1994
<FN>
See the accompanying notes to financial statements.
<FN>
</TABLE>

Notes to Financial Statements

1.  Accounting Policies

The Trust is predominantly in the business of investing in
real estate.  Investments in real estate are stated at cost.
The Trust provides an allowance for valuation of real estate
when it is determined that the values have permanently
declined below recorded book value.

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance which do not add to
the value or extend the useful life of property are expensed
when incurred.  Additions to existing properties, including
replacements, improvements and expenditures which do add to
the value or extend the useful life of property, are
capitalized.  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-
line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets.

The Trust follows the operating method of accounting for
leases, whereby scheduled rental income is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rental
income is recognized in the period in which it arises.
Interest on mortgage loans receivable and amortization of
discounts are recognized as income over the period the
respective loans are outstanding.  The Trust provides for
possible losses on mortgage loans, rents and other receivables
when it is determined that collection of such receivables is
doubtful.  Rents and other receivables are stated net of an
allowance for uncollectible accounts of $100,744 in 1994 and
$166,782 in 1993. Cash equivalents include investments with
original maturities of three months or less.

Gains on real estate sales are recognized for financial
accounting purposes in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standard No. 66, Accounting for Sales of Real Estate.
Deferred gains are recognized as income using the installment
method.  Net earnings per share are computed using the
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.
2.  Real Estate

Investments in real estate consist entirely of managed and net
leased commercial property.  Information regarding the Trust's
investment in each property is presented in the Schedule of
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation below.

<TABLE>
Schedule of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
<S>                               <C>                       <C>                 <C>                    <C>

                                             Initial Cost to Trust   
                                            
Property Description        Amount of                Land                Buildings &         Subsequent Cost
                           Encumbrance                                   Improvements          Capitalized
Managed                                                                                   
Kingsley Square                   1,077,027                 450,000             3,311,660              1,208,454
  Orange Park, FL
First Tuesday Mall                1,844,706                 595,000             4,347,697              2,056,768
  Carrollton, GA
Geneva Square                     2,947,504                 477,166             4,965,000                771,808
  Lake Geneva, WI
Mendenhall Commons                4,128,159               3,134,692             5,597,340                     --
  Memphis, TN
North Park Plaza                  4,135,911               4,635,147             4,018,353                (1,765)
  Phoenix, AZ
Presidential Drive                  816,551                 344,582             1,424,300                117,427
  Atlanta, GA
                                 14,949,858               9,636,587            23,664,350              4,152,692
Net Leased                                                                                                      
Yamaha Warehouse                  1,461,967                  26,195               755,756              1,415,986
  Cudahy, WI
                                  1,461,967                  26,195               755,756              1,415,986
                                16,411,825*               9,662,782            24,420,106              5,568,678

                                                                        Gross Amount at               
                                                                         Which Carried
                                                                       December 31, 1994
 Property Description          Land                Buildings &               Total              Accumu-lated
                                                  Improvements                                  Depreciation
Managed                                                                                    
Kingsley Square                     450,000                4,520,114            4,970,114               2,162,277
  Orange Park, FL
First Tuesday Mall                  600,392                6,399,073            6,999,465               3,028,862
  Carrollton, GA
Geneva Square                       477,166                5,736,808            6,213,974               1,553,853
  Lake Geneva, WI
Mendenhall Commons                3,134,692                5,597,340            8,732,032                 803,884
  Memphis, TN
North Park Plaza                  4,633,382                4,018,353            8,651,735                 568,403
  Phoenix, AZ
Presidential Drive                  344,582                1,541,727            1,886,309                 427,008
  Atlanta, GA
                                  9,640,214               27,813,415           37,453,629               8,544,287
Net Leased                                                                                                       
Yamaha Warehouse                     26,195                2,171,742            2,197,937               1,182,480
  Cudahy, WI
                                     26,195                2,171,742            2,197,937               1,182,480
                                  9,666,409               29,985,157           39,651,566               9,726,767
                                                                                           
                                                                                           

                                                                      
 Property Description       Date Built            Date Acquired          Life on Which
                                                                        Depreciation is
                                                                      computed (in years)
Managed                                                                        
   Kingsley Square                  1975-76                     7/79                10-40
    Orange Park, FL
First Tuesday Mall                  1975-78                     7/79                10-40
  Carrollton, GA
Geneva Square                       1981-82                     2/84                10-40
  Lake Geneva, WI
Mendenhall Commons                     1987                     2/89                10-40
  Memphis, TN
North Park Plaza                       1963                     2/89                10-40
  Phoenix, AZ
Presidential Drive                     1980                    12/84                10-35
  Atlanta, GA
                                                                                         
Net Leased                                                                               
Yamaha Warehouse                       1971                     2/72                15-40
  Cudahy, WI
<FN>
* Excludes encumbrance of $441,478 on wraparound mortgages
receivable.
<FN>
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
The activity in real estate and related depreciation for the
three years ended December 31, 1994 is summarized below.


Real Estate         Years Ended December 31,
<S>                              <C>              <C>              <C>

                                 1994             1993             1992
                                                              
Cost                                                          
Beginning of year                44,115,186       44,057,866       43,732,096
Additions during year                                                        
Improvements                        175,804           57,320          415,012
Deductions during year                                                       
Property sales or               (4,639,424)                _         (89,242)
dispositions
                                                                             
End of year                     39,651,566*       44,115,186       44,057,866
                                                                             
Accumulated Depreciation                                                     
Beginning of year                 9,668,323        8,781,946        7,985,697
Additions during year                                                        
Depreciation expense                960,227        1,027,956        1,014,188
Deductions during year                                                       
Accumulated depreciation                                                     
on property sold                  (786,592)                _         (55,904)
Asset replacements charged                                                   
to accumulated depreciation       (115,191)        (141,579)        (162,035)
                                                                             
End of year                       9,726,767        9,668,323        8,781,946
                                                              
<FN>
*The aggregate cost for federal income tax purposes is
$39,785,276.
<FN>
</TABLE>

Wholly-owned managed properties with an aggregate cost of
$37,453,629 are leased to tenants pursuant to lease agreements
under which the Trust incurs normal real estate operating
expenses associated with ownership.  A wholly-owned property
with an aggregate cost of $2,197,937 ($2,021,621 for 1993) is
leased under a net lease agreement which requires the lessee
to pay cash rental, property taxes and other expenses incurred
in connection with the operation of the property.

On September 16, 1994, the Trust sold Midway Business Park, a
181,320 square foot office park located in Tucson, Arizona.
The sale price was $4,800,000 from which the Trust paid
selling expenses of $158,580 and retired mortgage indebtedness
on the property of $3,141,973. Gain on the sale was $788,588.

In October 1992, the Trust sold Les Petite Day Care Center in
San Antonio, Texas, for $209,329 net of closing costs and
recognized a gain of $175,991.


3.  Mortgage Loans Receivable

Mortgage loans receivable consist of notes received from
financing property sales and are secured by the properties
sold, subject to any underlying mortgage loans payable.
Mortgage loans are stated net of unamortized discounts and
deferred gains.  The Trust received mortgage loans receivable
of $1,650,000 as part of the consideration for the sales of
Hickory Hills and College Square in 1990.  Information
regarding each mortgage is presented in the Schedule of
Mortgage Loans Receivable on the next page.

<TABLE>
Schedule of Mortgage Loans Receivable
<S>              <C>   <C>        <C>       <C>             <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>

Property Description    Date of    Stated     Final      Annual       Balloon     Face Amount      Carrying
Name and Location of    Mortgage  Interest   Maturity   Principal    Payment at   of Mortgage     Amount of
Property                            Rate       Date        and        Maturity     Receivable      Mortgage
                                                        Interest                       at        December 31,
                                                                                  Acquisition        1994
Hickory Hills Shopping                                                                                        
Center Hillsville,     12-21-90   9.5%      12-20-97        55,043       474,726       525,000         500,595
Virginia
                                                                                                              
College Square                                                                                                
Shopping Center                                                                                               
Jefferson City,        12-21-90   9.5%      12-20-97       117,949     1,017,270     1,125,000       1,071,367
Tennessee
                                                                                                              
                                                           172,992     1,491,996     1,650,000       1,571,962
Deferred Gain                                                    _             _             _       (259,157)
                                                                                                              
                                                           172,992     1,491,996     1,650,000       1,312,805

</TABLE>
The estimated fair value of mortgage notes receivable at
December 31, 1994 was $1,543,872 compared to the carrying
value of $1,571,962. The estimated fair value is less than the
carrying value as a result of the current interest rate
applied to discount the cash flows being higher than the
stated rate of the notes.  The activity on mortgage loans
receivable for the three years ended December 31, 1994 is
summarized as follows:

<TABLE>
Mortgage Loans Receivable
<S>                               <C>              <C>             <C>

                               Years Ended
                               December 31,
                                   1994           1993             1992
Principal                                                     
Beginning of year                 1,594,444        1,614,896       1,841,300
Deductions during year                                                      
  Principal collections            (22,482)         (20,452)       (226,404)
Balance at end of year           1,571,962*        1,594,444       1,614,896
Deferred gain                     (259,157)        (259,157)       (259,157)
Balance, net of deferred gain     1,312,805        1,335,287       1,355,739
<FN>
*Represents the aggregate cost for federal income tax
purposes.
<FN>
</TABLE>
4.  Cash and Cash Equivalents

At December 31, 1994, the Trust had cash of $3,593 and an
investment in a money market fund of $2,082,918.  Information
regarding the money market investment is presented in the
following schedule:

   Type of Issue and       Maturity      Principal        Cost at
    Name of Issuer           Date         Amount       December 31,
                                                           1994*
Money Market                                           
Fidelity Investments,          demand       2,082,918      2,082,918
  approximate average,
  5.55%

* Represents the amount at which carried on the balance sheet
at December 31, 1994, which also approximates the market value
at that date.

5.  Transactions With Affiliates

The Trust has contracted with AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc.
("AEGON Realty Advisors") to provide administrative services
for a base fee of 5/8% of the average gross real estate
investment plus 1/4% of the monthly balance of mortgage loans
receivable and an incentive fee of 20% of annual adjusted cash
flow from operations in excess of $.72 per share.  If the
annual adjusted cash flow from operations is less than $.72
per share, then the payment of so much of the base fee is to
be deferred so that revised cash flow from operations will be
equal to $.72 per share; provided, however, in no event shall
the amount deferred exceed 20% of the previously determined
base fee.  Any deferred fees may be paid in subsequent years
(subject to certain limits).  Annual adjusted cash flow from
operations, as defined for purposes of the incentive fee,
includes the net realized gain (or loss) from the disposition
of property, adjusted to exclude accumulated depreciation
(otherwise stated as gain in excess of cost without reduction
for allowable depreciation).  The administrative fee is
limited to 1 1/2% of average quarterly net invested assets.
The administrative agreement is for a one-year term,
automatically renewed annually and cancellable by either party
upon 90 days written notice.  Amounts paid to AEGON Realty
Advisors for administrative services were:  $219,982 for 1994,
$227,352 for 1993, and $227,162 for 1992.  No incentive fees
were paid in 1994, 1993 or 1992.  Administrative fees of
$54,995 in 1994, $56,838 in 1993, and $56,791 in 1992 were
deferred, but may become payable in subsequent years.
Cumulative deferred administrative fees were $407,906 as of
December 31, 1994.

AEGON Realty Advisors also provides real estate acquisition
and disposition services for the Trust.  A negotiated fee of
2% to 4% of the cost is charged for properties acquired.  No
separate fee is charged for property dispositions.  There were
no acquisition fees paid in 1994, 1993 or 1992.

AEGON USA Realty Management, Inc. ("AEGON Realty Management"),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEGON Realty Advisors, provides
property management services to the Trust for a fee of 5% of
the gross income of each managed property.  The property
management agreement is for a one-year term, automatically
renewed annually and cancellable upon a 30-day written notice
from either party.  Amounts paid to AEGON Realty Management
for property management services were $277,945 for 1994,
$287,608 for 1993, and $268,259 for 1992.  Pursuant to the
property management agreement, on-site property management
wages and salaries incurred by AEGON Realty Management were
reimbursed by the Trust as follows:  $19,354 for 1994, $31,618
for 1993, and $63,414 for 1992.

AEGON Realty Advisors provides dividend disbursement, stock
certificate preparation, recordkeeping and other shareholder
services to the Company for a quarterly fee of $1.25 per
shareholder account, $.75 per shareholder account for
distributions processed, $.50 per shareholder account for
proxy tabulation, and such other compensation for services
performed as from time to time agreed to by the parties.  The
Trust paid AEGON Realty Advisors $23,000,  $23,871, and
$22,457 in shareholder service fees for 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively.  AEGON Realty Advisors has subcontracted with
Boston Financial Data Services, a subsidiary of State Street
Bank and Trust Company, for delivery of these services.

On December 31, 1991, the Trust had a mortgage loan payable to
Life Investors Insurance Company of America, an affiliate of
AEGON Realty Advisors, in the amount of $131,579, which was
repaid in 1992.  Interest on the mortgage was $1,773 in 1992.
On December 31, 1993, the mortgage loan on the Trust's
Presidential Drive property was acquired from the lender by
AUSA Life Insurance Company, Inc., an affiliate of AEGON
Realty Advisors, as part of a large transaction involving the
transfer of loans and securities.  Interest paid on the
mortgage was $85,646 in 1994.  See Note 6 on the next page for
information on the refinancing in February 1994 of the
mortgage on Geneva Square with PFL Life Insurance Company
("PFL"), an affiliate of AEGON Realty Advisors.  Interest paid
on the mortgage was $208,444 in 1994. AEGON Realty Advisors is
an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AEGON USA, Inc. which,
through other wholly-owned subsidiaries, beneficially owns
approximately 31% of the outstanding shares of the Trust at
December 31, 1994.

6.  Mortgage Loans Payable

Mortgage loan obligations, secured by the real estate owned,
carry annual interest rates ranging from 8% to 10.5%.  In
1992, the Trust prepaid three underlying mortgage loans on the
Northeast Hills Apartments (see Note 3) totaling $268,833.

The mortgage loan on Geneva Square matured in February 1994
and was refinanced with a mortgage from PFL.  The $3,000,000
loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty and matures in
February 1996, with an option to extend for an additional
eight years at the then current market terms offered for
comparable loans by PFL.  The annual debt service is $301,128,
including interest at 8%.  A 1% origination fee ($30,000) was
paid to PFL in connection with the loan.  Information
regarding each mortgage is presented in the Schedule of
Mortgage Loans on Real Estate on the next page.  The activity
in mortgage loans payable for the three years ended December
31, 1994 is summarized in the table below:

Mortgage Loans Payable

                            Years Ended
                            December 31,
                                  1994             1993              1992
Principal                                                      
Beginning of year                 20,422,351       20,917,912         21,644,041
  Additions during year                                                         
    New mortgage loan on                                                        
    refinancing                    3,000,000               __                 __
Deductions during year                                                          
  Principal payments               (585,071)        (495,561)          (457,296)
  Prepayments and                (2,835,063)               __          (268,833)
maturities
  Balance of mortgage loan                                                      
on                               (3,141,973)               __                 __
   property sold
Balance at end of year            16,860,244       20,422,351         20,917,912
Discount                                                                        
Beginning of year                   (34,706)         (62,470)           (86,396)
  Deductions during year                                                        
    Amortization of                   27,765           27,764             23,926
discount
Balance at end of year               (6,941)         (34,706)           (62,470)
Balance, net of discount          16,853,303       20,387,645         20,855,442



On January 31, 1995, the Trust prepaid one of the mortgage
loans on First Tuesday Mall. The prepayment amount, including
a 1% fee to the lender, was $1,147,526. The annual debt
service on this mortgage was $229,068, including interest at
10%.

The estimated fair value of mortgage notes payable at December
31, 1994 was $16,979,623 compared to the carrying value of
$16,853,303. The estimated fair value exceeds the carrying
value as a result of the current interest rate applied to
discount the cash flows being lower than the stated rate for a
majority of the mortgage notes.

Scheduled monthly payments will substantially amortize the
principal balances of the mortgage loans over their respective
terms with the exception of balloon payments at maturity.
Amortized payments on the outstanding balances due in the next
five years, including balloon repayments at maturity, are
summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
   <C>           <C>            <C>

 Maturity       Amortized        Payments
   Date         Payments       at Maturity
                             
   1995          452,695        1,136,164*
   1996          430,581        2,873,831
   1997          468,570            _
   1998          516,998            _
   1999          429,106        7,874,657
<FN>
* Please see discussion above concerning the prepayment of one
of the First Tuesday Mall mortgage loans.
<FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Schedule of Mortgage Loans on Real Estate
<S>                           <C>               <C>              <C>                 <C>

    Property        Date of Note   Stated Interest    Final Maturity  Annual Principal and
   Description                           Rate              Date             Interest
Managed                                                               
Kingsley Square               2/77              10%              2/02                76,370
Orange Park, FL
(two loans)
                              8/75              10%              8/00               163,650
                                                                                           
First Tuesday                 4/79            9.25%              4/04               115,128
Carrollton, GA
(two loans)                   1/77            10.0%              2/02               229,068
                                                                                           
Geneva Square                 2/94             8.0%              3/96               301,128
Lake Geneva, WI
                                                                                           
Mendenhall                    2/89           10.25%              3/99               462,396
Commons Memphis,
TN
                                                                                           
North Park Plaza              2/89            10.5%              3/99               472,008
Phoenix, AZ
                                                                                           
Presidential                  2/80           10.25%              2/10               107,604
Drive Atlanta, GA
                                                                                           
                                                                                  1,927,352
                                                                                           
Net Leased                                                                                 
Yamaha Warehouse             12/90          10.125%              1/01               159,627
Cudahy, WI
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                    159,627
                                                                                           
Sold****                                                                                   
College Square               12/75           9.375%             12/99               115,500
Jefferson City,
TN
                                                                                           
                                                                                    115,500
                                                                                           
                                                                                  2,202,479

    Property      Balloon Payment     Prepayment      Face Amount of   Carrying Amount of
   Description      at Maturity        Penalty         Mortgage at    Mortgage at December
                                     Provisions*       Acquisition          31, 1994
Managed                                                               
Kingsley Square          _         7.0% in 1995,              700,000               384,360
Orange Park, FL                    declining .5%
(two loans)                        per year to 4%
                                   thereafter
                         _         5.0%                     1,500,000               692,667
                                                                                           
First Tuesday            _         1.0%                     1,120,000               708,542
Carrollton, GA
(two loans)              _         1.0%                     1,800,000           1,136,164**
                                                                                           
Geneva Square            2,873,831 no penalty               3,000,000             2,947,504
Lake Geneva, WI
                                                                                           
Mendenhall               3,930,120 4% in 1995,              4,300,000             4,128,159
Commons Memphis,                   declining 1% per
TN                                 year thereafter
                                                                                           
North Park Plaza         3,944,537 4% in 1995               4,300,000             4,135,911
Phoenix, AZ                        declining 1% per
                                   year thereafter
                                                                                           
Presidential             _         2.5% in 1995,              968,935            816,551***
Drive Atlanta, GA                  declining .5%
                                   per year to 1%
                                   thereafter
                                                                                           
                        10,748,488                         17,688,935            14,949,858
                                                                                           
Net Leased                                                                                 
Yamaha Warehouse         1,366,721 no prepayment            1,500,000             1,461,967
Cudahy, WI                         first 5 years;
                                   excess of loan
                                   rate over U.S.
                                   Treasury Bill
                                   rate thereafter
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
                         1,366,721                          1,500,000             1,461,967
                                                                                           
Sold****                                                                                   
College Square           _         2.5% in 1995,            1,100,000               441,478
Jefferson City,                    declining .5%
TN                                 per year
                                   thereafter
                                                                                           
                         _                                  1,100,000               441,478
                                                                                           
                        12,115,209                         20,288,935            16,853,303
<FN>
*  Percentages are of the principal amount at time of
prepayment.
**  The loan was prepaid on January 31, 1995.
***  Carrying amount at December 31, 1994 is stated net of
unamortized loan costs of $6,941.
****  A wraparound mortgage loan receivable was received as
     part of the consideration from sale; the Trust continues
     to service the underlying mortgage payable.
<FN>
</TABLE>


7.  Leased Assets

The Trust is lessor of various properties as described in Note
2.  Certain properties are leased to tenants under long-term,
non-cancellable operating lease agreements.  Future minimum
lease rentals to be received under the terms of these lease
agreements are as follows:
<TABLE>
     <C>             <C>

     Year             Amount
               
     1995            3,898,061
     1996            3,563,723
     1997            2,898,134
     1998            2,329,068
     1999            2,129,864
                         
 2000 - 2012        14,215,998
</TABLE>

Contingent rentals included in income received in connection
with operating leases were $82,754, $98,228, and $105,100 for
the years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  Such rentals are based principally on tenant
sales in excess of stipulated minimums.  In 1994 and in 1992,
the Trust derived 10% or more of its revenue from one major
tenant.  The revenue from this tenant was $647,180 in 1994 and
$611,378 in 1992.  The Trust did not receive 10% or more of
its revenue from any one tenant in 1993.

In August 1994, Publix Supermarkets exercised an option to
extend their lease for 34,400 square feet in Kingsley Square.
The lease extension, effective February 11, 1995, has a term
of five years and requires the Trust to contribute up to
$250,000 toward remodeling costs at the Publix store. The
Trust expects to incur this cost in 1995.

8.  Federal Income Taxes

The Trust conducts its operations so as to qualify as a real
estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code which
requires, among other things, that at least 95% of the Trust's
taxable income be distributed to shareholders.  The Trust has
historically distributed all of its taxable income.
Distributions made in 1994 plus a portion of the Trust's first
distribution in 1995 were used to meet the Internal Revenue
Code distribution requirements for 1994. Accordingly, no
provision has been made for federal income taxes since the
Trust did not have taxable income after the deductions allowed
for distributions to shareholders.

Certain property acquisitions have resulted in the basis of
those properties being determined differently for financial
accounting purposes than for income tax purposes.  The
differing methods of determination of basis in these
transactions has resulted in the tax basis of certain
properties being higher or lower than the financial basis.  At
December 31, 1994 the tax basis of real estate was $133,710 in
excess of the financial basis.

9.  Legal Proceedings

The Trust is not a party to any pending legal proceedings
which, in the opinion of management, are material to the
Trust's financial position.

10.  Subsequent Event

On February 1, 1995, the Trust announced that it had begun
exploring strategic alternatives to maximize shareholder
value.  Such alternatives may include a business combination
or sale of the Trust's assets.  The decision reflects the
opinion of the Trust's board of trustees that recent market
prices for the Trust's shares have not adequately reflected
the value of the Trust.

<TABLE>
11.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unadudited)
<S>                             <C>              <C>               <C>                <C>                <C>

                                                Quarter Ended                        Year Ended


Year                           3/31             6/30             9/30               12/31              12/31
1994                                                                                             
Revenue                         1,651,674        1,582,681         1,581,086          1,364,054          6,179,495
Earnings from operations          247,328          196,185           212,863            278,229            934,605
Net gain on disposition                                                                                           
of                                      _                _           788,588                  _            788,588
  property
Net earnings                      247,328          196,185         1,001,451            278,229          1,723,193
Net earnings per share                .06              .05               .26                .07                .44
                                                                                                                  
1993                                                                                                              
Revenue                         1,500,105        1,580,646         1,520,981          1,670,731          6,272,463
Earnings from operations          148,098          148,667           138,010            280,971            715,746
Net earnings                      148,098          148,667           138,010            280,971            715,746
Net earnings per share                .04              .04               .04                .07                .18
                                                                                                                  
1992                                                                                                              
Revenue                         1,513,957        1,429,676         1,465,796          1,519,644          5,929,073
Earnings (loss) from                                                                                              
  operations                       89,243          (9,665)           100,656            102,167            282,401
Net gain on disposition                                                                                           
of                                      _                _                 _            175,991            175,991
  property
Net  earnings (loss)               89,243          (9,665)           100,656            278,158            458,392
Net earnings per share                .02              .00               .03                .07                .12
</TABLE>

Report of Independent Auditors

The Board of Trustees and Shareholders
USP Real Estate Investment Trust

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of USP Real
Estate Investment Trust as of December 31, 1994 and 1993, and
the related statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 1994.  These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Trust's management.  Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of USP Real Estate Investment Trust at December 31,
1994 and 1993, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.



                                        Ernst & Young LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
February 24, 1995

Part III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

Information About Directors (referred to herein as "Trustees")

   Certain information about the Trustees appears below.  (See
"Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" for a
description of the Trust's relationship with AEGON USA  Realty
Advisors, Inc. and other subsidiaries of AEGON USA, Inc.)

GARY  A. DOWNING, age 36, has served as a Trustee of the Trust
since  1989.   He  is  Managing Director of  Raymond  James  &
Associates,   Inc.  (investment  banking),   St.   Petersburg,
Florida,  where he has been employed since 1984.  Mr.  Downing
is a member of the Audit Committee.

PATRICK  E.  FALCONIO, age 53, has served as Chairman  of  the
Board  and a Trustee of the Trust since 1988.  He is Executive
Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of AEGON USA, Inc.
(insurance and financial services), Cedar Rapids, Iowa,  where
he  has been employed since 1987.  Mr. Falconio is Chairman of
the Board of AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc. and a Director of
various  other  subsidiaries of AEGON USA, Inc.   He  is  also
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cedar Income Fund,  Ltd.
(real  estate  investment company) and a Director  of  Firstar
Bank Cedar Rapids, N.A. (commercial bank).

EDWIN  L.  INGRAHAM, age 68, has served as a  Trustee  of  the
Trust  since  1984,  and  as Vice Chairman  of  the  Board  of
Trustees  since  1990.  He retired in 1988 as  Executive  Vice
President,  Treasurer and Chief Investment  Officer  of  AEGON
USA,  Inc., where he had been employed since 1982.   He  is  a
Director  of  Cedar Income Fund, Ltd. (real estate  investment
company).  Mr. Ingraham is a member of the Audit Committee.

SAMUEL L. KAPLAN, age 58, has served as a Trustee of the Trust
since  1983.  He has been engaged in the practice  of  law  in
Minneapolis, Minnesota for over five (5) years as a member  of
the firm of Kaplan, Strangis and Kaplan, P.A.  Mr. Kaplan is a
member of the Audit Committee.

Information About Executive Officers

   Certain  information about the executive  officers  of  the
Trust appears below.  (See "Item 13 Certain Relationships  and
Related   Transactions"  for  a  description  of  the  Trust's
relationship  with AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc.  and  other
subsidiaries of AEGON USA, Inc.)

DAVID  L. BLANKENSHIP, age 44, has served as President of  the
Trust  since  1985.  He has been employed by AEGON  USA,  Inc.
since  1977 in various administrative and management positions
related  to real estate investment activities and is President
of AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc.

MAUREEN  DEWALD, age 44, has served as Vice President  of  the
Trust  since  1986  and Secretary since 1985.   She  has  been
employed by AEGON USA, Inc. since 1983 as an attorney for real
estate  investment  activities and is Senior  Vice  President,
Secretary  and  General Counsel of AEGON USA Realty  Advisors,
Inc.

JEFFRY  DIXON,  age  41, has served as  Director  of  Investor
Relations and Assistant Secretary of the Trust since  January,
1994.   He has been employed by AEGON USA, Inc. since 1984  in
real estate acquisition and mortgage lending positions and  is
a  Senior  Mortgage Loan Officer of AEGON USA Realty Advisors,
Inc.

ALAN F. FLETCHER, age 45, has served as Treasurer of the Trust
since  1986,  as  Vice  President  since  1985,  as  Assistant
Secretary since 1982 and as principal financial officer  since
1981.   He has been employed by AEGON USA, Inc. since 1981  in
various  financial  and administrative  positions  related  to
investment activities and is Senior Vice President  and  Chief
Financial Officer of AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc.
EDWARD  J.  KITTLESON, age 37, has served  as  Controller  and
Assistant Secretary of the Trust since January, 1993.  He  has
been  employed by AEGON USA, Inc. since 1991, first as a  real
estate  investment  officer,  and  since  November,  1992,  as
Manager  - Financial Reporting.  He is Treasurer of AEGON  USA
Realty  Advisors, Inc.  From 1981 to 1991, Mr.  Kittleson  was
employed as Controller for Bjornsen Investment Corporation,  a
real estate development company in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.


Item 11.  Executive Compensation

   During  1994,  each  Trustee, with  the  exception  of  Mr.
Falconio, received an annual fee of $6,000 plus $750 for  each
regular  or special meeting attended, as well as $400 per  day
for  inspecting  properties owned by the Trust and  properties
proposed  to be acquired by the Trust and $400 for  attendance
at  each  committee  meeting  as  a  member,  unless  held  in
conjunction  with  a meeting of the Board  of  Trustees.   Mr.
Falconio has waived all fees for his services as a Trustee  so
long  as  he  continues  to be affiliated  as  an  officer  or
director  of  AEGON USA Realty Advisors, Inc.  (see  "Item  10
Directors  and Executive Officers of the Registrant").   Total
fees paid to all Trustees as a group were $27,750 for 1994.

   The  executive  officers of the Trust receive  no  cash  or
deferred compensation in their capacities as such.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners  and
Management

   The following table sets forth the number of Shares of  the
Trust  beneficially owned as of March 1, 1995 by each  Trustee
and  officer  and  by all Trustees, and officers  as  a  group
(9  persons).  Except as otherwise indicated by footnote,  the
individuals  have  direct ownership of, and  sole  voting  and
investment  power  with  respect to, any  Shares  beneficially
owned by them.
<TABLE>
<S>      <C>                           <C>               <C>

        Name of            Amount and Nature            Percent
   Beneficial Owner     of Beneficial Ownership         of Class
                                                 
Gary A. Downing(1)                           438           *
Patrick E. Falconio(2)                 1,199,260         30.91%
Edwin L. Ingraham                          1,500           *
Samuel L. Kaplan(3)                       10,000           *
David L. Blankenship(4)                    1,818           *
Maureen DeWald(5)                          7,811           *
Jeffry Dixon                                   0           *
Alan F. Fletcher(6)                        2,200           *
Edward J. Kittleson                            0           *
Trustees, nominees and                                      
officers as a                          1,223,027         31.52%
  group
</TABLE>
(1)  Mr. Downing is the beneficial owner of 438 Shares held in
     an individual retirement account through the custodian of
     which he has sole voting and investment powers with
     respect to such Shares.
(2)        Mr.  Falconio  may be deemed to be  the  beneficial
     owner  of  1,197,260 Shares beneficially owned  by  AEGON
     USA,  Inc.  with  respect to which he shares  voting  and
     investment  powers (see "Item 10 Directors and  Executive
     Officers   of  the  Registrant"  and  "Item  13   Certain
     Relationships   and   Related  Transactions"),   but   he
     disclaims  beneficial ownership of such Shares.   He  may
     also be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 2,000 Shares
     owned by his wife.
(3)        Mr. Kaplan may be deemed to be the beneficial owner
     of  1,500 Shares held in a profit sharing trust  for  his
     account.   Such Shares are included in the 10,000  Shares
     above.
(4)        Mr.  Blankenship may be deemed to be the beneficial
     owner of 1,818 Shares held in custodial accounts for  his
     children  for  which  he has sole voting  and  investment
     powers.
(5)        Ms. DeWald is the direct owner of 6,586 Shares  for
     which  she has sole voting and investment powers and  may
     be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,225 Shares held
     in a custodial account for her daughter for which she has
     sole voting and investment powers.
(6)        Mr. Fletcher is the direct owner of 600 Shares  for
     which he has sole voting and investment powers and is the
     beneficial  owner of 1,600 Shares held in  an  individual
     retirement  account  for which he  has  sole  voting  and
     investment powers through the custodian.

   *Such  holdings  represent less than  one  percent  of  the
outstanding Shares.


Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

   The  Trust has no employees and has contracted with various
subsidiaries  of  AEGON  USA, Inc. to provide  administrative,
advisory,  acquisition, divestiture, property  management  and
shareholder  services  to the Trust.   A  description  of  the
relationships  between  AEGON  USA,  Inc.  and   its   various
subsidiaries  and  of such subsidiaries' agreements  with  the
Trust  follows.   The  description  of  the  agreements  which
follows is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms
and  provisions of such agreements.  AEGON USA,  Inc.  is  the
beneficial owner of 1,197,260 shares of the Trust as of  March
1,  1995 which represents 30.86% of the outstanding shares  of
the  Trust.   AEGON  USA,  Inc. is an  indirect,  wholly-owned
subsidiary  of  AEGON N.V., a holding company organized  under
the laws of the Netherlands which is controlled by Vereninging
AEGON,  an  association  organized  under  the  laws  of   The
Netherlands.   AEGON USA, Inc. has sole voting and  investment
powers with respect to the above shares.

Administrative, Advisory and Acquisition Services

   AEGON  USA Realty Advisors, Inc. ("AEGON Realty Advisors"),
is  a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEGON USA, Inc.  AEGON Realty
Advisors  provides administrative, advisory,  acquisition  and
divestiture   services   to   the   Trust   pursuant   to   an
Administrative  Agreement.   The term  of  the  Administrative
Agreement  is for one (1) year and is automatically  renewable
each  year  for  an additional year subject to  the  right  of
either  party  to  cancel the Agreement upon 90  days  written
notice.  The performance of AEGON Realty Advisors' duties  and
obligations  under  the  Administrative  Agreement  has   been
guaranteed by AEGON USA, Inc.

   Under  the Administrative Agreement, AEGON Realty  Advisors
(a)  provides  clerical, administrative  and  data  processing
services,  office  space, equipment and other  general  office
services necessary for the Trust's day-to-day operations,  (b)
provides  legal, tax and accounting services to  maintain  all
necessary  books and records of the Trust and to ensure  Trust
compliance with all applicable federal, state and local  laws,
regulatory reporting requirements and tax codes, (c)  arranges
financing for the Trust, including but not limited to mortgage
financing  for  property  acquisition,  (d)  obtains  property
management  services for the Trust's properties and supervises
the  activities  of  persons  performing  such  services,  (e)
provides monthly reports summarizing the results of operations
and  financial conditions of the Trust, (f) prepares and files
all  reports  to  shareholders and regulatory  authorities  on
behalf of the Trust, (h) prepares and files all tax returns of
the Trust and (i) provides the Trust with property acquisition
and divestiture services.

   AEGON  Realty Advisors receives fees for its administrative
and  advisory  services as follows: (a) a  base  fee,  payable
monthly, equal to 5/8% per annum of the average monthly  gross
real  estate investments of the Trust plus 1/4% per  annum  of
the  monthly  outstanding principal balance of mortgage  loans
receivable; and (b) an incentive fee, payable annually,  equal
to  20%  of  the annual adjusted cash flow from operations  in
excess  of  $.72 per share.  If the annual adjusted cash  flow
from  operations is less than $.72 per share, then the payment
of  so  much of the base fee is to be deferred so that revised
cash  flow  from operations will be equal to $.72  per  share;
provided,  however,  in  no event shall  the  amount  deferred
exceed  20%  of  the  previously  determined  base  fee.   Any
deferred  fees  may  be paid in a subsequent  year,  up  to  a
maximum  of  30%  of  that  year's  revised  cash  flow   from
operations in excess of $.72 per share.  Annual adjusted  cash
flow from operations, as defined for purposes of the incentive
fee,  includes  the  net  realized gain  (or  loss)  from  the
disposition  of  property,  adjusted  to  exclude  accumulated
depreciation  (otherwise stated as  gain  in  excess  of  cost
without     reduction     for     allowable     depreciation).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the combined base and incentive
fees  cannot exceed the amount permitted by the limitation  on
operating  expenses as provided in the Trust's Declaration  of
Trust,  which limitation is essentially 1 1/2% of the  Trust's
average  quarterly invested assets, net of  depreciation.   In
addition,  AEGON  Realty Advisors is to be paid  a  separately
negotiated  fee of not less than 2% nor more than  4%  of  the
cost  of  each  property acquired by the Trust as compensation
for  acquisition  services  furnished  by  it  to  the  Trust.
Administrative  fees paid to AEGON Realty  Advisors  for  1994
were $219,982.  No acquisition fees were paid in 1994.

Management Services

    AEGON   USA   Realty  Management,  Inc.   ("AEGON   Realty
Management"),  is a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  AEGON  Realty
Advisors.    AEGON   Realty  Management  provides   management
services  to  the  Trust  pursuant to  a  Property  Management
Agreement.  The term of the Agreement is for one (1) year  and
is  automatically renewable each year for an  additional  year
subject  to the right of either party to cancel the  Agreement
upon  30 days written notice.  Under the Management Agreement,
AEGON  Realty  Management is obligated to (a) procure  tenants
and  execute leases with respect to Trust properties which are
not   leased  under  net  lease  arrangements  (the   "Managed
Properties"), (b) maintain and repair (at the Trust's expense)
the  Managed  Properties, (c) maintain complete  and  accurate
books and records of the operations of the Managed Properties,
(d)   maintain  the  Managed  Properties  in  accordance  with
applicable   government   rules  and  regulations,   licensing
requirements and building codes, (e) collect all rents and (f)
carry  (at  the Trust's expense) general liability,  accident,
fire and other property damage insurance.  For these services,
AEGON  Realty  Management receives  5%  of  the  gross  income
derived   from  the  operation  of  the  Managed   Properties.
Management fees paid to AEGON Realty Management for 1994  were
$277,945.

Shareholder Services

   AEGON Realty Advisors provides shareholder services to  the
Trust  pursuant  to  a  Shareholder  Services  Agreement  (the
"Agreement").  Under the Agreement, AEGON Realty  Advisors  is
obligated  to provide dividend disbursement, stock certificate
preparation, recordkeeping and other shareholder services  for
which  AEGON Realty Advisors receives the following  fees:   a
quarterly  fee of $1.25 per shareholder account based  on  the
number of shareholder accounts (minimum $1,000 per quarter), a
fee   of  $.75  per  shareholder  account  for  each  dividend
processed,  a  fee of $.50 per shareholder account  for  proxy
tabulation, and such other compensation as from time  to  time
agreed   upon   by  the  Trust  and  AEGON  Realty   Advisors.
Shareholder  service  fees paid to AEGON Realty  Advisors  for
1994  were  $23,000.  AEGON Realty Advisors has  subcontracted
for  stock  transfer and dividend disbursement  services  with
Boston  Financial Data Services, a subsidiary of State  Street
Bank and Trust Company.

Other

   On  December  31, 1993, the mortgage loan  on  the  Trust's
Presidential  Drive property was acquired from the  lender  by
AUSA  Life  Insurance Company, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of  AEGON  USA, Inc., as part of a large transaction involving
the  transfer  of  loans and securities.   The  terms  of  the
mortgage loan remained the same.  In February 1994, the  Trust
refinanced  the  existing mortgage loan on its  Geneva  Square
property  with  a  new mortgage loan from PFL  Life  Insurance
Company ("PFL"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEGON USA,  Inc.
This $3,000,000 loan was obtained by the Trust on commercially
competitive  terms at a fixed interest rate of 8%.   The  loan
may  be  prepaid  at any time without penalty and  matures  in
February  1996,  with an option to extend  for  an  additional
eight  years  at  the then current market  terms  offered  for
comparable  loans by PFL.  A 1% origination fee ($30,000)  was
paid to PFL in connection with the loan.

   The  aggregate  principal amount of the two mortgage  loans
described  above as of December 31, 1994 was $3,770,996.   The
maximum   principal  amount  of  such  mortgage   indebtedness
outstanding  during  1994  was  $3,843,704.   The  Trust  paid
$74,454 in principal and $294,090 in interest on such mortgage
indebtedness for 1994.

Part IV

         Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules,
and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)     List of Documents


1.  Financial Statements.

Balance Sheets, December 31, 1994 and 1993.
Statements of Earnings, Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993,
and 1992.
Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 1994, 1993,
and 1992.
Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Years Ended December 31,
1994, 1993, and 1992.
Notes to Financial Statements.
Report of Independent Auditors.

2.  Financial Statement Schedules.

Financial Statement Schedules.  (Included in Notes to
Financial Statements)

(III)  Schedule of Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation.
Note 2
(IV)  Schedule of Mortgage Loans on Real Estate.  Note 3

All other schedules have been omitted because they are
not required, or because the required information, where
material, is included in the financial statements or
accompanying notes.


Part IV (continued)

        Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and
Reports on Form 8-K (continued)

(a)  List of Documents (continued)

    3.  Exhibits.

   (3)  Second Amended and Restated Declaration of
   Trust currently in effect, dated October 5, 1972, as
   amended December 18, 1972, March 3, 1975 and
   April 23, 1984, incorporated herein by reference to
   Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (3) of Form 10-K for the year
   ended December 31, 1984.

   (3.1)  By-Laws currently in effect, dated January
   28, 1992, incorporated herein by reference to Item 14(a)3,
   Exhibit (3.1) of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991.
   
   (4)  Articles II and III of the Second Amended and
   Restated Declaration of Trust currently in effect,
   dated October 5, 1972, as amended December 18, 1972,
   March 3, 1975 and April 23, 1984, incorporated
   herein by reference to Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (3) of
   Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1984.
   
   (4.1)  Article II of the By-Laws currently in
   effect, dated January 28, 1992, incorporated herein
   by reference to Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (4.1) of Form
   10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991.
   
   (10)  Administrative Agreement currently in effect,
   dated January 1, 1984, incorporated herein by
   reference to Item 5, Exhibit (28) of Form 8-K dated
   January 1, 1984.
   
   (10.1)  Property Management Agreement currently in
   effect, dated July 1, 1981, as amended November 4,
   1982, incorporated herein by reference to Item
   14(a)3, Exhibit (10) of Form 10-K for the year ended
   December 31, 1982.
   
   (10.2)  Shareholder Services Agreement, currently in
   effect, dated January 1, 1991, as amended January 1,
   1992 and assigned January 28, 1992, incorporated
   herein by reference to Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (10.2)
   of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1991.
   
(b)  No Form 8-Ks were filed during the fourth quarter of
1994.

(c)  The required exhibits applicable to this section are
listed in Item 14(a)3.

(d)  There are no required financial statement schedules
applicable to this section.
                          SIGNATURES




  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                                USP REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST




/s/ Patrick E. Falconio          /s/ Alan F. Fletcher
Patrick E. Falconio                 Alan F. Fletcher
Chairman of the Board               Vice President and
Treasurer
(principal executive                (principal financial
officer)
  officer)


                                 /s/ Edward J. Kittleson
                                    Edward J. Kittleson
                                    Controller
                                    (principal accounting
                                    officer)

March 27, 1995



  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
as of the date indicated.



/s/ Gary A. Downing              /s/ Edwin L. Ingraham
   Gary A. Downing                  Edwin L. Ingraham
   Trustee                          Trustee


/s/ Patrick E. Falconio          /s/ Samuel L. Kaplan
   Patrick E. Falconio              Samuel L. Kaplan
   Trustee                          Trustee



March 27, 1995
                         EXHIBIT INDEX



   Exhibit
     Item                 Title or Description

      (3)        Second Amended and Restated
                 Declaration of Trust currently in
                 effect, dated October 5, 1972, as
                 amended December 18, 1972, March 3,
                 1975 and April 23, 1984, incorporated
                 herein by reference to Item 14(a)3,
                 Exhibit (3) of Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1984.

      (3.1)      By-Laws currently in effect, dated
                 January 28, 1992, incorporated herein
                 by reference to Item 14(a)3, Exhibit
                 (3.1) of Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1991.

      (4)        Articles II and III of the Second
                 Amended and Restated Declaration of
                 Trust currently in effect, dated
                 October 5, 1972, as amended
                 December 18, 1972, March 3, 1975 and
                 April 23, 1984, incorporated herein by
                 reference to Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (3)
                 of Form 10-K for the year ended
                 December 31, 1984.

      (4.1)      Article II of the By-Laws currently in
                 effect, dated January 28, 1992,
                 incorporated herein by reference to
                 Item 14(a)3, Exhibit (4.1) of Form 10-
                 K for the year ended December 31,
                 1991.

      (10)       Administrative Agreement currently in
                 effect, dated January 1, 1984,
                 incorporated herein by reference to
                 Item 5, Exhibit (28) of Form 8-K dated
                 January 1, 1984.

      (10.1)     Property Management Agreement currently
                 in effect, dated July 1, 1981, as
                 amended November 4, 1982, incorporated
                 herein by reference to Item 14(a)3,
                 Exhibit (10) of Form 10-K for the year
                 ended December 31, 1982.

      (10.2)     Shareholder Services Agreement dated
                 January 1, 1991, as amended January 1,
                 1992 and assigned January 28, 1992,
                 incorporated herein by reference to Item
                 14(a)3, Exhibit (10.2) of Form 10-K for
                 the year ended December 31, 1991.

All Exhibit Items are omitted from this report, but a copy
will be furnished upon payment of $33.00, representing a
charge of fifty cents ($.50) per page, accompanying a
written request to Edward J. Kittleson, Controller, USP Real
Estate Investment Trust, 4333 Edgewood Road N.E., Cedar
Rapids, IA  52499.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994
<CASH>                                       2,086,511
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  636,536
<ALLOWANCES>                                 (100,744)
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             3,095,989
<PP&E>                                      39,651,566
<DEPRECIATION>                               9,726,767
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                              34,333,593
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          867,007
<BONDS>                                     16,853,303
<COMMON>                                     3,880,000
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                  12,733,283
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                34,333,593
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             6,179,495
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                        0
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                             3,291,773
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                           1,953,117
<INCOME-PRETAX>                              1,723,193
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                  0
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                 1,723,193
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .44
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .44
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
