-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 L4loDc+2M7kr+A2zPUOxzQFYrwq+zH7egkPuz+bTnkliCLHNpkrS8kiqN+gOCZQl
 3XRmghPocJ6wU0SgX5+GQQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000106455-94-000003.txt : 19940418
<IMS-HEADER>0000106455-94-000003.hdr.sgml : 19940418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000106455-94-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19931231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTMORELAND COAL CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	1220
		IRS NUMBER:				231128670
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11155
		FILM NUMBER:		94522993

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 THE BELLEVUE
		STREET 2:		200 S BROAD ST
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2155452500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 THE BELLEVUE
		STREET 2:		200 S. BROAD STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19102
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K 1993
<TEXT>

                 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                       Washington, D. C. 20549

                              FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

    X        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d)
        OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 

                                 OR

          TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

         For the transition period from __________ to ________.

                      Commission File No. 0-752

        WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY        
              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                 23-1128670      
 (State or other jurisdiction of                (I. R. S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                 Identification No.)

700 The Bellevue, 200 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102 
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:     (215) 545-2500

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

TITLE OF EACH CLASS                             NAME OF STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                  ON WHICH REGISTERED 
Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share          New York Stock Exchange
Depositary Shares, each representing             New York Stock Exchange
  a one-quarter share of Series A Convertible
  Exchangeable Preferred Stock

Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                  New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

TITLE OF EACH CLASS                             NAME OF STOCK EXCHANGE
                                                 ON WHICH REGISTERED   
Series A Convertible Exchangeable                New York Stock Exchange
  Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to 
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                           Yes   x           No_______

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to 
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or 
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this 
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
                                    ________                  

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates as of 
February 25, 1994 is estimated to be $72,048,000.  Voting stock held by 
affiliates is designated as voting stock beneficially held by executive 
officers and directors and by holders of more than 10% of the 
outstanding voting stock.

There were 6,955,477 shares outstanding of the registrant's Common 
Stock, $2.50 Par Value (the registrant's only class of common stock), as 
of February 25, 1994.

There were 2,300,000 depositary shares outstanding of the registrant's 
Preferred Stock, $0.25 Par Value as of February 25, 1994.

The following document has been incorporated by reference into the Parts 
of this Form 10-K (i.e., Part I, Part II, etc.) indicated in 
parentheses:

Definitive proxy statement to be filed on or about April 29, 1994.
(Parts III and IV.)



PART I


ITEM 1 - BUSINESS

Coal Marketing

Westmoreland Coal Company's (the "Company") principal business is 
the production and marketing of coal on a worldwide basis.  More 
than half of the coal sold by the Company is processed at and 
shipped from its coal properties, and includes both steam coal, 
sold primarily to electric utilities, and metallurgical coal, sold 
primarily to the steel industry.  The remaining coal sold by the 
Company is produced by other domestic mining companies, 
principally smaller producers seeking to utilize the Company's 
expertise in the marketing of coal.

The following table shows, for each of the past five years, the 
total tons of coal sold, tons sold from company production and 
tons sold that were sourced from unaffiliated producers (tons 
ooo's):

           Total sales     Company production   Sales for others
                                                              
         1993   16,687           11,551              5,136 
         1992   19,380           11,774              7,606 
         1991   20,627           11,570              9,057 
         1990   20,279           11,679              8,600 
         1989   19,613           10,813              8,800 


Of the total tons of coal sold for others, approximately 37%, 30% 
and 38% was produced by domestic mining companies affiliated with 
Adventure Resources, Inc. ("Adventure") in 1993, 1992 and 1991, 
respectively. The coal sold by the Company which is produced by 
Adventure decreased in 1992 and 1993 due to Adventure's mine 
closings caused by higher operating costs and depletion of its 
coal reserves.  On December 2, 1992 Adventure filed voluntary 
petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy 
Code with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern 
District of West Virginia.  Adventure continues to operate its 
remaining mines and the Company is continuing in its role of sales 
agent.  Acting as sales agent for Adventure, the Company purchases 
all of Adventure's clean coal production at the time it is 
produced thus carrying all inventory and accounts receivable 
related to the sale of Adventure's coal production.  The Company's 
obligation to buy coal from Adventure expired on March 1, 1994 and 
discussions are underway to determine the ongoing relationship 
with Adventure.  At this time, it is expected that this 
relationship will be terminated as of June 30, 1994 due to the 
Company's need to conserve its working capital in order to 
sufficiently fund its internal coal production activities and its 
independent power activities.  In January 1993, another West 
Virginia coal operation for which the Company acted as sales 
agent, stopped producing coal. Approximately 2,178,000 tons were 
sold for this producer in 1992.  See Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for 
additional discussion.

In the case of coal sold for others, the Company may or may not 
take title to the coal, but in substantially all such transactions 
the Company assumes the credit risk of the purchaser.  In 1993, 
the Company had no bad debt experience related to coal sold for 
others.  In 1992, the Company established reserves for bad debts 
related to coal sold for others in the amount of $4,801,000.  The 
bad debt expense in 1991 relating to coal sold for others was not 
material.

The Company is able to offer customers a wide variety of coals, 
including both steam coal and metallurgical coal, and a range of 
services related to its coal sales, including sourcing, blending, 
quality control and transportation.  Transportation services 
include arrangements with railroads, barge lines and vessel 
charterers.  The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Westmoreland 
Coal Sales Company, Inc. ("WCSC"), also has its own leased fleet 
of railcars to increase the availability of transportation and to 
reduce transportation costs.

The Company markets coal worldwide, primarily through WCSC, using 
both its own sales force and a network of agents in foreign 
countries.  WCSC has sales offices in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
and Charlotte, North Carolina.  It also has field offices in 
Banner, Kentucky and Beckley, West Virginia.  These field offices 
serve the function of sourcing coals from mines owned by 
unaffiliated producers.  This gives WCSC access to coals which 
complement the Company's own production.  The field offices also 
have full service quality control laboratories and sampling 
personnel in order to assure that coal being shipped to the 
customer meets specifications.


Approximately 77% of the tonnage sold by the Company in 1993 was 
sold under contracts calling for deliveries over a period longer 
than one year.  The table below presents the amount of coal 
tonnages sold under long-term contracts for the last five years:

                    Sales under long-     Total sales
                    term contracts       tonnage (000s)
                      %    Tons (000s)
       1993         77%      12,774          16,687
	1992         72%      13,867          19,380
	1991         68%      13,969          20,627
	1990         73%      14,761          20,279
	1989         71%      13,850          19,613

On December 31, 1993, the Company, together with its subsidiaries 
(including 3,450,000 tons for 1994 at Westmoreland Resources, Inc. 
("WRI"), its 60% owned subsidiary) had sales contracts requiring 
it to deliver in 1994 a minimum of 12,825,000 tons of coal, which 
commitments will be met from the production of the Company and 
other producers.  Of this amount, approximately 554,000 tons are 
under contracts expiring in a year or less, and approximately 
12,271,000 tons are under contracts for more than a year.  The 
table below presents total sales tonnage under existing long-term 
contracts as they expire over the next five years:

	Total sales tonnage
	under existing long-
	term contracts (000s)

	1994               12,271
	1995               11,409
	1996                9,242 
	1997                5,340
	1998                4,781

Included in the tonnage figures above are certain coal sales 
covered by agreements of WRI.  Under these agreements, WRI has 
exercised its right to receive "take or pay" payments from its 
customers if they elect not to purchase the minimum tonnages 
specified in the agreements.  These payments will produce 
approximately the same net margin for WRI as if the coal were 
delivered.

Substantially all of the Company's long-term contracts have price 
adjustment provisions for changes in specified production costs' 
indices which generally reflect changes in wage rates, costs of 
supplies, union benefits, general and administrative costs, taxes, 
environmental and safety legislation and royalties.  Some of the 
long-term contracts also provide for periodic price renegotiation 
and allow for termination after one year's notice upon failure to 
agree on a new price.  Virtually all long-term contracts contain 
provisions for suspension of deliveries in the event of force 
majeure.  Before long-term commitments expire, it is the Company's 
practice to renegotiate them, when appropriate, and thereby extend 
the contract, or to acquire new contracts to replace them.

In 1993, the 10 largest customers of the Company accounted for 62% 
of its coal revenues.  Its two largest customers, Duke Power 
Company and Georgia Power Company, accounted for 22% and 10%, 
respectively, of the Company's coal revenues in 1993.  No other 
customer accounted for as much as 10% of the Company's 1993 coal 
revenues.  Sales to Georgia Power Company and Duke Power Company 
are made pursuant to long-term contracts expiring in April 1995 
and July 1996, respectively.  Pursuant to a scheduled price 
renegotiation under the Duke Power Company contract, on August 20, 
1992 the Company agreed to reduce its price under this contract, 
effective January 1, 1993, by 10%.  This price decrease, net of 
contractual price escalations in 1993, resulted in a reduction of 
revenues, and therefore profits, by approximately $7,100,000 in 
1993 as compared to 1992.

Cleancoal Terminal Company ("Cleancoal"), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company, is a rail-to-barge transloading and 
storage facility on the Ohio River between Louisville, Kentucky 
and Cincinnati, Ohio.  The terminal gives the Company increased 
access to producers in Kentucky and affords the Company greater 
access to midwestern, southern and foreign markets.  The terminal 
is also able to blend western Powder River Basin coals with 
eastern Kentucky coals.  Cleancoal has an annual transloading 
capacity of 6,000,000 tons.  It transloaded 2,511,000 tons in 
1993, 2,144,000 tons in 1992.

Westmoreland Terminal Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, has a 20% interest in Dominion Terminal Associates 
("DTA"), a consortium formed for the construction and operation of 
a coal storage and vessel-loading facility in Newport News, 
Virginia.  DTA's annual throughput capacity is 20,000,000 tons, 
and its ground storage capacity is 1,700,000 tons.  In 1993, DTA 
loaded 12,285,000 tons, including 2,428,000 tons for the Company.

Coal Production

The Company produces coal at properties in Virginia, West 
Virginia, Kentucky and Montana.  Mining activities in the Eastern 
United States are conducted by the Company's Virginia Division, 
which mines reserves located in Virginia and eastern Kentucky, its 
Hampton Division, which mines reserves in West Virginia, Criterion 
Coal Company ("Criterion"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, which mines reserves located in Kentucky and Pine Branch 
Mining Incorporated ("Pine Branch"), a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Company, which mines reserves located in Virginia and eastern 
Kentucky.  The Company's mining operations in Montana are 
conducted through WRI which is 60% owned by the Company.

Virginia Division.  The Company's Virginia Division consists of 
nine mines located in Virginia and eastern Kentucky, including 
five underground mines operated by the Company and four mines 
operated by contractors, three of which are underground mines and 
one of which is a surface mine.  In 1993, 1992 and 1991, the 
Virginia Division shipped 4,878,000 tons, 4,708,000 tons, and 
4,325,000 tons of coal, respectively, including coal produced by 
independent contractors on Virginia Division properties and coal 
purchased from off-property locations including Pine Branch 
Mining.  The Virginia Division properties total approximately 
60,000 acres and employs approximately 770 people.  The Virginia 
Division is currently operating  two preparation plants for 
processing and loading coal.  In late 1994 one of these two plants 
and one mine will cease operations for economic reasons.  See 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations for additional discussion.

Hampton Division.  The Company's Hampton Division is situated in 
West Virginia.  Its operations currently consist of two 
underground mines, a large surface mine and shop and preparation 
plant facilities.  In 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Hampton Division 
shipped 1,561,000 tons, 1,745,000 tons and 1,543,000 tons of coal, 
respectively, including coal produced by an independent contractor 
on Hampton Division properties and coal purchased from off-
property locations.  The Hampton Division has one preparation 
plant for processing and loading coal.  The Hampton Division's 
properties total approximately 14,000 acres and it employs 
approximately 130 people.  During the first half of 1994 the 
Hampton Division will be closed down with the exception of the 
surface mine which is operated by a contractor with capacity to 
produce approximately 840,000 tons on an annual basis.  All other 
mines together with the preparation plant and shop facilities will 
be closed down and the employees will be terminated.  This 
closedown has been necessitated by market conditions, including 
the termination of an above-market coal sales contract.  See 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations for additional discussion.

Criterion Coal Company.  Criterion is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Company with mining operations in Kentucky.  Criterion, 
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Kentucky Criterion Coal 
Company, consists of five mines, including two surface mines and 
three underground mines. All of these mining operations are 
conducted by independent contractors on Criterion's properties.  
Criterion's total shipments in 1993, 1992 and 1991 were 1,853,000 
tons, 1,786,000 tons and 1,600,000 tons of coal, respectively.  In 
1993, Criterion began operating a new coal preparation plant, 
which increased the capacity of the property to 3,000,000 tons per 
year.  Criterion expects to open a new underground mine in 1994.

Westmoreland Resources, Inc.  WRI is 60% owned by the Company, 
24% owned by Morrison-Knudsen Corporation and 16% owned by Penn 
Virginia Corporation.  WRI operates one large surface mine in 
Montana on approximately 15,000 acres of subbituminous coal lands.  
In 1993, WRI mined and shipped approximately 3,224,000 tons of 
coal.  Morrison-Knudsen Corporation mines this coal under a 
contract with WRI.  The majority of the coal sold by WRI is sold 
under long-term contracts.  One of these long-term contracts, 
which expires in 2005, accounted for 62% of the coal sold by WRI 
in 1993.

Pine Branch Mining Incorporated.  Pine Branch is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Company with mining operations in Virginia 
and eastern Kentucky.  Pine Branch began operations in 1992 and it 
consists of one surface mine.  Pine Branch produced 210,000 tons 
in 1993 and 117,000 tons in 1992, the majority of which was sold 
to the Virginia Division where it was processed and loaded into 
railcars for shipment to customers.

Cogeneration

Westmoreland Energy, Inc.("WEI") a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, has been offered for sale by the Company and is therefore 
being accounted for as a discontinued operation.  (See Note 6 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements.) WEI is engaged in the 
business of developing and owning interests in cogeneration and 
other non-regulated independent power plants throughout the United 
States.  Cogeneration is a power production technology that 
provides for the sequential generation of two or more useful forms 
of energy (e.g., electricity and steam) from a single primary fuel 
source (e.g., coal).  The key elements of a cogeneration project 
are contracts for sales of electricity and steam, contracts for 
fuel supply, a suitable site, required permits and project 
financing.  The economic benefit of cogeneration technology can be 
substantial because a significant portion of the energy which is 
wasted in the application of conventional technology is used by 
cogeneration technology to produce steam or hot water for 
industrial processes or the generation of additional electricity.  
Electricity is sold to utilities and end-users of electrical 
power, including large industrial facilities.  Thermal energy from 
the cogeneration plant is sold to commercial enterprises and other 
institutions.  Large industrial users of thermal energy include 
plants in the chemical processing, petroleum refining, food 
processing, pharmaceutical and pulp and paper industries.

A significant market has been rapidly developing in the United 
States for power generated by cogeneration and other independent 
power plants.  This development was fostered by the energy crises 
of the 1970s, which led to the enactment of legislation that 
encouraged companies to enter the cogeneration and independent 
power generation industry by reducing regulatory requirements and 
facilitating the sale of electricity by such companies to 
utilities.  Cogeneration and other independent power producers are 
also an attractive, economical source of energy for large 
industrial users which require dedicated energy sources for major 
facilities.  

WEI, through various subsidiaries, currently has an interest in 
the eight cogeneration projects described in the table filed as an 
exhibit to this report.

Employees and Labor Relations

The Company, including subsidiaries, employed 1,090 people on 
December 31, 1993 compared with 1,195 on December 31, 1992. On 
July 1, 1993, the Company, through its membership in the 
Independent Bituminous Coal Bargaining Alliance, ("IBCBA") entered 
into an interim agreement with the United Mine Workers of America 
("UMWA").  This agreement provides for the Company and the UMWA at 
the local level to work together to reduce health care costs, 
maximize the utilization of the Company's investments, recognize 
special local operating and competitive conditions, provide 
flexibility in work and scheduling, create incentive programs, 
recognize employees' skills and performance, involve and integrate 
employees and the UMWA in the success of their mines and the 
Company, and improve overall labor management relations.  These 
features were incorporated into a five-year agreement that 
succeeded the interim agreement, and became effective as of 
December 1993 ("1994 Agreement").

The Company and the UMWA are in the process of implementing the 
1994 Agreement, including its health care cost reduction 
provisions, which should make those operations more competitive.  
The 1994 Agreement provides for a wage increase of $.50 per hour, 
retroactive to February 1, 1993, the date on which the prior five-
year agreement expired.  Employees will receive the retroactive 
portion of this wage increase in the form of an additional $.50 
per hour until the retroactive portion is paid.  The 1994 
Agreement provides for additional wage increases of $.40 per hour 
on December 16, 1994 and December 16, 1995, and for additional 
reopeners in 1996 and 1997.


Competition

The coal industry is highly competitive, and the Company competes 
(principally in price and quality of coal) in both the steam coal 
and metallurgical coal markets with many other coal producers of 
all sizes.  The Company, including the 1993 production of WRI, 
accounted for an estimated 1% of the nation's 1993 coal 
production, compared to the nation's largest coal producer which 
accounted for an estimated 9%.  The Company's steam coal also 
competes with other energy sources in the production of 
electricity.  

WEI is subject to increasing competition with respect to the 
development of new cogeneration projects from unregulated 
affiliates of utility companies, affiliates of fuel and equipment 
suppliers and independent developers.

Mining Safety and Health Legislation

The Company is subject to state and federal legislation 
prescribing mining health and safety standards, including the 
Federal Coal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1969 and the 1977 
Amendments thereto.  In addition to authorizing fines and other 
penalties for violations, the Act empowers the Mine Safety and 
Health Administration to suspend or halt offending operations.

Energy Regulation

WEI's cogeneration operations are subject to the provisions of 
various laws and regulations, including the federal Public 
Utilities Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 ("PURPA").  PURPA 
provides qualifying cogeneration facility status ("QF") to 
operations such as WEI's which allows them certain exemptions from 
substantial federal and state legislation and regulation, 
including regulation of rates at which electricity can be sold.  

The most significant recent change in energy regulation was the 
passage of the National Energy Policy Act of 1992 ("EP Act").  The 
EP Act reformed the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.  
Companies can apply for Exempt Wholesale Generator ("EWG") status 
with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.  An EWG can 
exclusively provide electric energy at wholesale prices without the 
requirement to sell thermal energy  to a steam user.  WEI applied 
for and received EWG status for its Roanoke Valley I ("RV I") 
project in December 1993.  WEI intends to maintain the QF status 
for all projects except RV I.  In the future, a case-by-case 
determination of QF or EWG status will be completed to optimize 
project returns.

Protection of the Environment

Mining Operations.  The Company believes its mining operations 
are substantially in compliance with applicable federal, state and 
local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating 
to surface mining and reclamation, and it is the policy of the 
Company to operate in compliance with such standards.  The Company 
believes that this policy will not substantially affect its 
ability to compete with similarly situated companies in the 
marketplace.  Present compliance is largely a result of capital 
expenditures made in prior years and of current capital 
investments, maintenance and monitoring activities.  The Company 
invested approximately $413,000 for capital additions and charged 
approximately $7,247,000 to earnings and $2,306,000 to reserves in 
1993 in order to comply with environmental regulations applicable 
to its mining operations.  Of the $7,247,000 charged to earnings, 
$4,235,000 was accrued as part of the Company's mine closure 
costs, discussed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  In addition, 
reclamation fees imposed by the Federal Surface Mining Control and 
Reclamation Act of 1977 (the "Surface Mining Act") amounted to 
approximately $2,148,000 in 1993.

Based on its present interpretation of existing applicable 
environmental requirements, the Company has projected that it will 
expense approximately $2,400,000 and will spend approximately 
$625,000 for capital expenditures related to its mining operations 
to meet such requirements in 1994.  Estimates of capital 
expenditures will be adjusted as necessary, either to reflect the 
impact of new regulations or because presently unforeseeable 
conditions may be imposed on future mining permits.

The Surface Mining Act regulations set forth standards, 
limitations and requirements for surface mining operations and for 
the surface effects of deep mining operations. Under the 
regulatory scheme contemplated by the Surface Mining Act, the 
Federal Office of Surface Mining ("OSM") issued regulations which 
set the minimum standards to which state agencies concerned with 
the regulation of coal mining must adhere.  States that wish to 
regulate such coal mining must present their regulatory plans to 
OSM for approval.  Once a state plan receives final approval, the 
state agency has primary regulatory authority over mining within 
the state, and OSM acts principally in a supervisory role.  State 
agencies may impose standards more stringent than those required 
by OSM, and in some states this has been or is expected to be 
done.  The four states in which the Company mines coal, Virginia, 
West Virginia, Kentucky and Montana, have all submitted regulatory 
plans to OSM, and these plans have received final approval.  There 
is potential risk to the Company in the event it, or any of its 
independent contractors, fails to satisfy the obligations created 
by the Surface Mining Act.  The Company's surface-mined Eastern 
coal production is mined to a large extent by independent 
contractors which, pursuant to their agreements with the Company, 
are primarily responsible for compliance with environmental laws.  
In the event, however, that any of its independent contractors 
fail to satisfy their obligations under the Surface Mining Act, 
the Company, depending upon the circumstances, might have, and has 
had, to carry out such obligations in order to avoid having its 
existing permits revoked or applications for new permits or permit 
modifications blocked.  Compliance with the Surface Mining Act 
regulations has been costly for the Company and the coal mining 
industry in general.

In 1990 certain amendments were enacted to the Clean Air Act 
("1990 Amendments").  As the first major revisions to the Clean 
Air Act since 1977, the 1990 Amendments vastly expand the scope of 
federal regulations and enforcement in several significant 
respects.  In particular, the 1990 Amendments require that the 
United States Environmental Protection Agency (the "EPA") issue 
new regulations related to ozone non-attainment, air toxics and 
acid rain.  Phase I of the acid rain provisions require, among 
other things, that electrical utilities reduce their sulfur 
dioxide emissions by 1995.  Phase II requires an additional 
reduction in emissions by the year 2000.

The acid rain provisions of the 1990 Amendments may have a 
positive impact on the Company, in large part because a 
substantial amount of the Company's coal reserves are relatively 
low in sulfur content, i.e., less than 1 percent.  This 
legislation allows utilities the freedom to choose the manner in 
which they will effect compliance with the required emission 
standards, increasing, in the opinion of the Company's management, 
the demand for low sulfur coal.  The Company currently anticipates 
little or no impact on the coal industry from the ozone non-
attainment provision of the 1990 Amendments, and is currently 
studying the potential impact of the air toxics provision, which 
management believes at this point will have a minimal effect on 
the coal industry.

A significant, but indirect, cause of lower coal demand in the 
electric utility sector has been low gas prices.  The perception 
that gas prices will remain low throughout the 1990's has allowed 
utilities to plan to meet electricity growth with a combination of 
demand-side management and small gas-fired capacity additions.  
This strategy may displace potential new coal-fired capacity 
through the 1990's.  The Company's marketing response has been to 
concentrate on maintaining, and attempting to increase, its market 
share with existing customers and grow on the basis of utilities 
switching from high sulfur to low sulfur coal rather than on the 
basis of future coal-fired power plant additions.

Cogeneration.  The environmental laws and regulations applicable 
to the projects in which WEI participates primarily involve the 
discharge of emissions into the water and air, but can also 
include wetlands preservation and noise regulation.  These laws 
and regulations in many cases require a lengthy and complex 
process of obtaining licenses, permits and approvals from federal, 
state and local agencies.  Meeting the requirements of each 
jurisdiction with authority over a project can delay or sometimes 
prevent the completion of a proposed project, as well as require 
extensive modifications to existing projects.  The limited 
partnerships formed to carry out these projects have the primary 
responsibility for obtaining the required permits and complying 
with the relevant environmental laws.

The Clean Air Act and the 1990 Amendments contain provisions that 
regulate the amount of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides that may 
be emitted by a project.  These emissions may be a cause of acid 
rain.  Most of the projects in which WEI has investments are 
fueled by low sulfur coal and are not expected to be significantly 
affected by the acid rain provisions of the 1990 Amendments.

Segment Information

For financial information about Westmoreland's industry segments 
and export sales for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991 refer to Note 
12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, appearing on pages 
97-101 inclusive.  

For a discussion of certain factors affecting the business of 
Westmoreland in 1993, 1992 and 1991 refer to the section entitled 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations," appearing on pages 38-53 inclusive, and 
Notes 1, 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
appearing on pages 66-67, 76-83 inclusive.  


ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES

The Company owns or leases coal properties located in Virginia, 
West Virginia, Kentucky and Montana.  The Company's estimated 
demonstrated reserves (excluding reserves deemed by the Company to 
be uneconomic to mine) in owned or leased property on December 31, 
1993 in the three eastern states were 142,791,000 tons and in 
Montana were 672,378,000 tons.  In the three eastern states the 
Company also owns or leases 347,093,000 tons currently classified 
by the Company as Unassigned Uneconomic.  Unassigned Uneconomic 
tonnages require significant capital expenditures and construction 
of new mine openings and are legally recoverable with current 
technology, but are not in the Company's mining plans today, 
because they cannot be mined profitably based on current projected 
economic conditions.  With the exception of the coal reserves in 
Kentucky, which reserves are owned in fee simple, nearly all of 
the Company's eastern reserves are leased from others including 
343,242,000 tons under lease from Penn Virginia Resources 
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Penn Virginia 
Corporation (together "Penn Virginia") which controlled an 18.96% 
voting interest in the Company at December 31, 1993 and December 
31, 1992.  All leases with Penn Virginia run to exhaustion of the 
coal reserves.  Properties located in Montana are leased by WRI 
from the Crow Tribe of Indians and run to exhaustion.  The balance 
of the Company's leases are for varying terms, including to 
exhaustion.  Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, on pages 74-75 inclusive.

The table below shows the Company's estimated demonstrated coal 
reserve base and production in 1993. The term "demonstrated coal 
reserve base" is as defined in the "Coal Resource Classification 
System of the U.S. Geological Survey" (Circular 891).  This 
represents the sum of the measured and indicated reserve bases and 
includes assigned and unassigned economic reserves.


<TABLE>
                  Summary of Demonstrated Coal Reserve Base and 
Production Tons
                                    as of December 31, 1993
                                       (in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                               
Total Demonstrated
                        1993                                     
Unassigned        Coal Reserve  
                     Production   Sulfur (1)    Assigned (2)    
Economic(3)           Base      .
<S>                  <C>          <C>           <C>             <C>            
<C>             
Eastern Operations
Virginia
  Steam                  3,704     .96/1.38           30,111         
5,741             35,852
Metallurgical              456       .60                 602         
1,924              2,526

West Virginia
  Steam                  1,324     .77/.85             9,197             
0              9,197
  Metallurgical              0       .98                   0             
0                  0

Kentucky
  Steam                  1,755   .74/.95/1.35         23,582        
71,634             95,216
 
Subtotal-Steam           6,783                        62,890        
77,375            140,265
Subtotal-Met               456                           602         
1,924              2,526

Subtotal Eastern
  Operations             7,239                        63,492        
79,299            142,791

Western Operations
Montana
  Steam                  3,224       .62             672,378            
0             672,378

Total All Operations    10,463                       735,870        
79,299            815,169

<FN>
(1)  Percent Sulfur applies to the 1993 production tonnages.

(2)  Assigned tonnages are legally recoverable through existing 
facilities based on current 
     mining plans with current technology and the Company's 
infrastructure.

(3)  Unassigned Economic tonnages require significant capital 
expenditures and construction of 
     new mine openings before mining could begin and are legally and 
economically recoverable 
     with current technology and the Company's infrastructure.
</TABLE>

Estimates of reserves in the eastern states are based mainly upon 
yearly evaluations made by the Company's professional engineers 
and geologists.  The Company periodically modifies estimates of 
reserves under lease which may increase or decrease previously 
reported amounts.  The reserve evaluations are based on new 
information developed by bore-hole drilling, examination of 
outcrops, acquisitions, dispositions, production, changes in 
mining methods, abandonments and other information.


Coal reserves in Montana represent recoverable tonnage held under the 
terms of the principal Crow Tribe lease, as amended in 1982, as well 
as other minor leases, and were estimated at 799,803,000 tons as of 
January 1, 1980, based principally upon a report by independent 
consulting geologists, prepared in February 1980.  The reserve 
estimate has been adjusted for subsequent production, changes in 
mining practices and coal recovery experience.

In addition to the coal reserves mentioned above, the Company owns 
a number of coal preparation and loading facilities in Virginia, 
West Virginia and Kentucky.  WRI owns and operates a dragline and 
coal crushing and loading facilities at its mine in Montana.



















ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

No material proceedings.


ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY 
HOLDERS

This item is inapplicable.











Executive Officers of the Registrant

Below is a table showing the executive officers of the Company, 
their ages as of March 1, 1994, positions held and year of election 
to their present offices.  No family relationships exist among 
them.  All of the officers are elected annually by the Board of 
Directors and serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

    Name                  Age        Position(s)              Held Since
 
Christopher K. Seglem     47   President and                      1992
                               Chief Executive Officer (1)        1993
 	                                          

R. Page Henley, Jr.       58  Senior Vice President-Government
	    Affairs (2)                         1992

Theodore E. Worcester     53  Senior Vice President and           1992
	    General Counsel (3)                 1990

Ronald W. Stucki          49  Senior Vice President-
	    Operations (4)                      1992

Francis J. Boyle          48  Senior Vice President, Chief
                              Financial Officer and Treasurer (5) 1993

Joseph W. Lee             50  President                         
	    Westmoreland Coal Sales 
                              Company (6)                         1991

Charles J. Brown, III     46  President
                              Westmoreland Energy, Inc. (7)       1987

Ronald R. Rominiecki      40  Controller (8)                      1988

____________________________

 (1)  Effective January 1988, Mr. Seglem was elected to the 
positions of Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary 
for the Company.  In November 1988 he was elected a Senior 
Vice President of the Company.  In May 1990, he relinquished 
the position of Secretary.  In December 1990, he was elected 
an Executive Vice President of the Company, at which time he 
relinquished the position of General Counsel.  In June 1992, 
he was elected President and Chief Operating Officer, and in 
December 1992 he was elected a Director of the Company.  In 
June 1993, he was elected Chief Executive Officer of the 
Company, at which time he relinquished the position of Chief 
Operating Officer.  He is a member of the bar of 
Pennsylvania.

 (2)  Mr. Henley was elected Vice President-Development and 
Government Affairs in May 1988, which position he held until 
he was elected Senior Vice President-Development and 
Government Affairs in May 1990.  In June 1992, he was elected 
Senior Vice President-Government Affairs.  In 1993, Mr. 
Henley was also elected Vice President, General Counsel and 
Secretary of the Company's WEI subsidiary, and undertook 
additional duties, including project development. 
Subsequently, on March 29, 1994, he was elected Senior Vice 
President-Development of the Company. 

 (3)  Mr. Worcester was a member of the law firm of Sherman & 
Howard, with its principal office in Denver, Colorado, from 
1972, and a partner in the firm from 1978 until December 
1990, at which time he was elected Vice President & General 
Counsel of the Company.  In June 1992, he was elected Senior 
Vice President while retaining his position of General 
Counsel of the Company.  He is a member of the bar of 
Colorado.

 (4)  Mr. Stucki was General Manager and Vice President of Colorado 
Westmoreland Inc. (a former wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company) until the operation was sold to Cyprus Coal Company 
(Cyprus) in November 1988, where he continued and became Vice 
President of Colorado and Wyoming operations.  He left Cyprus 
to rejoin the Company as Senior Vice President-Operations in 
July 1992.	

 (5)  Mr. Boyle was Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice 
President of El Paso Natural Gas Company from 1985 through 
1992.  He was elected Senior Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer and Treasurer of the Company, effective August 9, 
1993.

 (6)  Mr. Lee was elected Vice President-Purchasing and Northern 
Sales of Westmoreland Coal Sales Company in 1988, which 
position he held until he was elected Senior Vice President 
of Westmoreland Coal Sales Company on July 1, 1991.  Mr. Lee 
was elected President of Westmoreland Coal Sales Company on 
August 1, 1991.

 (7)  Mr. Brown terminated employment with the Company effective 
April 8, 1994.

 (8)  Mr. Rominiecki terminated employment with the Company 
effective March 31, 1994.

PART II


ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Reference is hereby made to the section entitled "Market 
Information on Capital Stock" appearing on pages 109-110.


ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Reference is hereby made to the section entitled "Five-Year Review" 
appearing on pages 54-55 inclusive. 


ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Reference is hereby made to the section entitled "Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations" appearing on pages 38-53 inclusive.


ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Reference is hereby made to pages 56-61 inclusive.

Reference is also made to the financial statement schedules 
included on pages 33-36 inclusive.



ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

This item is inapplicable.

PART III




ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE    
REGISTRANT



ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION



ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
AND MANAGEMENT



ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS




For Items 10-13, inclusive, except for information concerning 
executive officers of Westmoreland included as an unnumbered item 
in Part I above, reference is hereby made to Westmoreland's 
definitive proxy statement dated April 29, 1994, to be filed in 
accordance with Regulation 14A pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which is incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.


PART IV




ITEM 14- EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, 
AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

a) 1.   The financial statements filed herewith are listed 
in the Index to Financial Statements on page 37

   2.   The financial statement schedules filed herewith are 
listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page 
32.  The financial statement schedules are on pages 
33-36.

   3.   The following exhibits are filed herewith as 
required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

        (3) (a) Articles of incorporation, as amended to  
            date.

            (b) Bylaws, as amended on December 4, 1990, were 
filed as Exhibit 3(b) to Westmoreland's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1990 (SEC 
File No. 0-752), which Exhibit 3(b) is 
incorporated herein by reference thereto.

        (4)  Instruments defining the rights of security 
holders

            (a) A Loan Agreement dated August 10, 1977 
between Westmoreland and six insurance 
companies was filed as Exhibit 2(b) to 
Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for 1977 (SEC File #0-752).  That Loan 
Agreement is incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.

            (b)  A Revolving Credit Loan Agreement dated 
September 25, 1990 between Westmoreland and 
four banks - Reference is hereby made to 
Exhibit 4(b) to Westmoreland's Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for 1990 (SEC File #0-
752), which Exhibit 4(b) is incorporated 
herein by reference thereto.

            (c)  Certificate of Designation of Series A 
Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock of 
the Company defining the rights of holders 
of such stock, filed July 8, 1992 as an 
amendment to the Company's Certificate of 
Incorporation, and filed as Exhibit 3(a) to 
Westmoreland's Form 10-K for 1992.

            (d)  Form of Indenture between Westmoreland and 
Fidelity Bank, National Association, as 
Trustee relating to the Exchange 
Debentures.  Reference is hereby made to 
Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-2 Registration 33-
47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 
through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is 
incorporated herein by reference.

            (e)  Form of Exchange Debenture Reference is 
hereby made to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-2 
Registration 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, 
and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which 
Exhibit is incorporated herein by 
reference.

            (f)  Form of Deposit Agreement among 
Westmoreland, First Chicago Trust Company 
of New York, as Depositary and the holders 
from time to time of the Depositary 
Receipts.  Reference is hereby made to 
Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-2 Registration 33-
47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 
through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is 
incorporated herein by reference.

            (g)  Form of Certificate of Designation for the 
Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred 
Stock.  Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 
4.4 to Form S-2 Registration 33-47872 filed 
May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 through 4 
thereto, which Exhibit is incorporated 
herein by reference.

            (h)  Specimen certificate representing the 
common stock of Westmoreland, filed as 
Exhibit 4(c) to Westmoreland's Registration 
Statement on Form S-2, Registration No. 33-
1950, filed December 4, 1985, is hereby 
incorporated by reference.

            (i)  Specimen certificate representing the 
Preferred Stock.  Reference is hereby made 
to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-2 Registration 33-
47872 filed May 13, 1992, and Amendments 1 
through 4 thereto, which Exhibit is 
incorporated herein by reference.

            (j)  Form of Depositary Receipt.  Reference is 
hereby made to Exhibit 4.7 to Form S-2 
Registration 33-47872 filed May 13, 1992, 
and Amendments 1 through 4 thereto, which 
Exhibit is incorporated herein by 
reference.

            (k)  In accordance with paragraph (b)(4)(iii) of 
Item 601 of Regulation S-K, Westmoreland 
hereby agrees to furnish to the Commission, 
upon request, copies of all other long-term 
debt instruments.

 (10)  Material Contracts


           (a)   On January 5, 1982, the Board of Directors 
of Westmoreland adopted a Management by 
Objectives Plan (MBO Plan) for senior 
management. A description of this MBO Plan 
is set forth on page 9 of Westmoreland's 
definitive proxy statement dated March 31, 
1982, which description is incorporated 
herein by reference thereto.

            (b)  Westmoreland Coal Company 1982 Incentive 
Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights 
Plan--Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 
10(b) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for 1981 (SEC File #0-752), which 
Exhibit 10(b) is incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.

            (c)  Westmoreland Coal Company 1985 Incentive 
Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights 
Plan--Reference is hereby made to Exhibits 
10(d) to Westmoreland's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for 1984 (SEC File #0-752), which 
Exhibit 10(d) is incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.

            (d)  Agreement dated July 1, 1984 between 
Georgia Power Company and Westmoreland.  
Reference is hereby made to pages 33 - 79, 
inclusive, of Westmoreland's Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for 1985 (SEC File #0-752), 
which pages 33 - 79, inclusive, is 
incorporated herein by reference thereto.

            (e)  Letter agreement dated June 11, 1987 
relating to the coal supply agreement 
between Georgia Power Company and 
Westmoreland Coal Company.  See (10)(d) 
above.

            (f)  Agreement dated January 1, 1986 between 
Mill-Power Supply Company, agent for Duke 
Power Company, and Westmoreland Coal Sales 
Company, agent for Westmoreland, which is 
incorporated herein by reference thereto.  
Reference is hereby made to pages 80 - 103, 
inclusive, of Westmoreland's Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for 1985 (SEC File #0-752), 
which pages are incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.

            (g)  In 1990, the Board of Directors established 
an Executive Severance Policy for certain 
executive officers, which provides a 
severance award in the event of termination 
of employment.  Reference is hereby made to 
Exhibit 10(h) to Westmoreland's Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for 1990 (SEC File #0-
752), which Exhibit 10(h) is incorporated 
herein by reference thereto.

            (h)  Westmoreland Coal Company 1991 Non-
Qualified Stock Option Plan for Non-
Employee Directors - Reference is hereby 
made to Exhibit 10(i) to Westmoreland's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1990 (SEC 
File #0-752), which Exhibit 10(i) is 
incorporated herein by reference thereto.

            (i)  Agreement dated April 1, 1986 between 
Finsider Mining Company, Ltd. and 
Westmoreland Coal Sales Company, relating 
to a contract for the purchase and sale of 
coking coal, and Assignment dated March 1, 
1990 from Finsider to ILVA, S.p.A.- 
Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 10(j) 
to Westmoreland's Annual Report on Form 10-
K for 1990 (SEC File #0-752), which Exhibit 
10(j) is incorporated herein by reference 
thereto.

           (j)   Effective January 1, 1992, the Board of 
Directors established a Supplemental 
Executive Retirement Plan ("SERP") for 
certain executive officers and other key 
individuals, to supplement Westmoreland's 
Retirement Plan by not being limited to 
certain Internal Revenue Code limitations.  
A description of this SERP is set forth on 
page 11 of Westmoreland's definitive proxy 
statement dated June 9, 1992, which 
description is incorporated herein by 
reference thereto.

           (k)   Amended Coal Mining Agreement between 
Westmoreland Resources, Inc. and Crow Tribe 
of Indians, dated November 26, 1974, as 
further amended in 1982, filed as Exhibit 
(10)(a) to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report 
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 
31, 1992, is incorporated by reference 
thereto.

           (l)   Amendment and Restatement of Virginia Lease 
between Penn Virginia Resources Corporation 
and Westmoreland, effective as of July 1, 
1988, as further amended May 6, 1992, filed 
as Exhibit 10(b) to Westmoreland's 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended March 31, 1992, is 
incorporated by reference thereto.

          (m)    Amendment and Restatement of Hampton Lease 
between Penn Virginia Resources Corporation 
and Westmoreland, effective as of July 1, 
1988, as further amended May 6, 1992, filed 
as Exhibit 10(c) to Westmoreland's 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended March 31, 1992, is 
incorporated by reference thereto.

          (n)    Acquisition Agreement, dated May 6, 1992 by 
and among Westmoreland, Penn Virginia 
Corporation and Penn Virginia Equities 
Corporation, including as Exhibit A 
thereto, a form of agreement to be executed 
by the parties on the Closing Date 
described therein, filed as Exhibit 10(d) 
to Westmoreland's Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1992, 
is incorporated by reference thereto.

            (o)  Agreement dated July 9, 1992 by and among 
Westmoreland, Penn Virginia Corporation and 
Penn Virginia Equities Corporation, with 
respect to (i) registration rights granted 
to Penn Virginia, (ii) the number of 
directors which Penn Virginia for a period 
of two years may designate to be elected to 
Westmoreland's Board of Directors and (iii) 
other conditions, as set forth therein, 
which is discussed in Item 13 of 
Westmoreland's Form 10-K for 1992.

           (p)   Agreement dated October 9, 1992 by and 
among Westmoreland, Penn Virginia 
Corporation and Penn Virginia Equities 
Corporation amending and modifying prior 
agreements by and among the parties as set 
forth therein, which is discussed in Item 
13 of Westmoreland's Form 10-K for 1992.

                 Exhibits 10(a), (b), (c), (g), (h) and (j) 
represent management contracts or 
compensatory plan arrangements required to 
be filed as exhibits, pursuant to Item 
14(c) of this report.

        (13) Annual Report to Security Holders.  The 
Westmoreland Coal Company 1993 Annual Report to 
Shareholders, has not yet been distributed to 
shareholders.

        (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant

        (23) Consent of Independent Certified Public 
Accountants

b)  Reports on Form 8-K.



       (1)  On November 1, 1993 Westmoreland Coal Company filed a 
Report on Form 8-K.  This report contained discussion 
related to the intended sale of its subsidiary, 
Westmoreland Energy, Inc. and its press release dated 
November 1, 1993 as an exhibit.

       (2)  On December 2, 1993 Westmoreland Coal Company filed a 
Report on Form 8-K.  This report contained discussion 
related to the termination of its proposed sale of 
Westmoreland Energy, Inc. to California Energy 
Company, Inc. and its press release dated December 1, 
1993 as an exhibit.
	


                              SIGNATURES


Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly 
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized.

                                         WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY

  April 15, 1994	By /s/ Francis J. Boyle  
                                            Francis J. Boyle
                                            Senior Vice President,
                                            Chief Financial
                                            Officer & Treasurer


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons 
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates 
indicated.


     Signature                        Title                   Date

Principal Executive Officer:
                             
                             President,
                             Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Christopher K. Seglem     and Director             April 15, 1994
Christopher K. Seglem


Directors:

/s/ Pemberton Hutchinson     Chairman of the Board     April 15, 1994
Pemberton Hutchinson

/s/ E. B. Leisenring, Jr.         Director             April 15, 1994
E. B. Leisenring, Jr.

/s/ William R. Klaus              Director             April 15, 1994
William R. Klaus

/s/ A. Linwood Holton, Jr.	     Director        	April 15, 1994
A. Linwood Holton, Jr.

/s/ Brenton S. Halsey		     Director        	April 15, 1994
Brenton S. Halsey

/s/ Edwin E. Tuttle 		     Director        	April 15, 1994
Edwin E. Tuttle

/s/ Lennox K. Black 		     Director        	April 15, 1994
Lennox K. Black

Principal Accounting Officer:

/s/ Thomas C. Sharpe      	    Acting Controller 	April 15, 1994
Thomas C. Sharpe





Independent Auditors' Report



The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Westmoreland Coal Company:


We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 
Westmoreland Coal Company and subsidiaries as listed in the 
accompanying index.  In connection with our audits of the 
consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the 
financial statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index.  
These consolidated financial statements and financial statement 
schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated 
financial statements and financial statement schedules based on 
our audits.  

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit 
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the 
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit 
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating 
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our 
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to 
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of Westmoreland Coal Company and subsidiaries as of 
December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations 
and their cash flows for each of the years in the three year 
period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  Also in our opinion, the related 
financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the 
basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present 
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth 
therein.

As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, 
the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting 
Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 
106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than 
Pensions, in 1993.


The accompanying consolidated financial statements and financial 
statement schedules have been prepared assuming that 
Westmoreland Coal Company will continue as a going concern.  
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial 
statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from 
operations, is in violation of various covenants in its 
credit arrangements and other obligations and has a net 
working capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about 
its ability to continue as a going concern.  Management's 
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 
1.  The consolidated financial statements and financial 
statement schedules do not include any adjustments that might 
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

KPMG Peat Marwick

April 15,  1994
Philadelphia, PA











                                    WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY AND 
SUBSIDIARIES

                    Index to Financial Statements




The consolidated balance sheets of the Company and subsidiaries as 
of December 31, 1993 and December 31, 1992, and the related 
consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and cash 
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended 
December 31, 1993 together with the related notes and the summary 
of significant accounting policies are contained on pages 56-108. 

The following schedules should be read in conjunction with the 
consolidated financial statements of the Company contained on 
pages 33-36.  Schedules not included have been omitted because 
they are not applicable or the required information is presented 
in the consolidated financial statements or related notes.



                                                 Year ended or
                                                at December 31
Schedules submitted:

   V -    Property, plant and equipment        1993,  1992, 1991

  VI -   Accumulated depreciation and 
         depletion of property, plant and      1993,  1992, 1991
         equipment

 VIII -  Valuation and qualifying accounts     1993,  1992, 1991

   X -   Supplementary income statement
         information	 1993,  1992, 1991


<TABLE>

                                                                                    
Schedule V

                               WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY AND 
SUBSIDIARIES

                                   Property, Plant and Equipment
                             Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 
1991
                                           (in thousands)

<CAPTION>
                                   Balance at             Retirements                     
Balance
                                    beginning   Additions     or      
Reclassifications    at end 
                                    of year     at cost     sales          
Transfers      of year
<S>                                <C>         <C>        <C>         
<C>               <C>
  Year ended December 31, 1993:
  Land and mineral rights             $ 58,629        -      25,791         
- -             32,838 
  Plant and equipment                  347,686     8,134     25,473        
732           331,079 
  Furniture and fixtures                 1,411        58        406        
(71)              992
  Automobiles and trucks                 8,295       106        741       
(892)            6,768

                                      $416,021     8,298     52,411 (A)   
(231) (B)      371,677

  Year ended December 31, 1992:
  Land and mineral rights             $ 58,630        -           1          
- -            58,629
  Plant and equipment                  318,142    32,831      3,287          
- -           347,686
  Furniture and fixtures                 1,388        28          5          
- -             1,411
  Automobiles and trucks                 7,988       870        563          
- -             8,295

                                      $386,148    33,729      3,856          
- -           416,021

  Year ended December 31, 1991:
  Land and mineral rights            $ 58,554        78          2          
- -            58,630
  Plant and equipment                 315,497    14,115     11,470          
- -           318,142
  Furniture and fixtures                1,352        42          6          
- -             1,388
  Automobiles and trucks                6,551     1,531         94          
- -             7,988

                                      $381,954    15,766     11,572          
- -           386,148

<FN>
  (A)  $40,865 of this amount relates to write-downs of assets.  See 
Note 2 to the Consolidated 
       Financial Statements.

  (B)  Removes balances related to WEI which is presented as a 
discontinued operation.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                              
Schedule VI

                               WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY AND 
SUBSIDIARIES

                                Accumulated Depreciation and Depletion 
of
                                        Property, Plant and Equipment
                               Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 
1991
                                              (in thousands)

<CAPTION>
                                  Balance at   Additions   Retirements                    
Balance
                                  beginning   charged to    sales and   
Reclassifications  at end
                                   of year     earnings    adjustments     
Transfers      of year
<S>                               <C>         <C>          <C>          
<C>              <C>
  Year ended December 31, 1993:
  Depletion of mineral rights     $   6,272      1,204          25           
(47)          7,404
  Plant and equipment               198,914     18,942       7,205           
284         210,935
  Furniture and fixtures              1,195         35         374            
(8)            848
  Automobiles and trucks              5,589      1,259         495          
(313)          6,040
                                  $ 211,970     21,440       8,099           
(84) (A)    225,227

  Year ended December 31, 1992:
  Depletion of mineral rights     $   5,113     1,158           (1)          
- -             6,272
  Plant and equipment               181,606    20,434        3,126           
- -           198,914
  Furniture and fixtures              1,157        40            2           
- -             1,195
  Automobiles and trucks              5,117       938          466           
- -             5,589
                                  $ 192,993    22,570        3,593           
- -           211,970

  Year ended December 31, 1991:
  Depletion of mineral rights    $   3,919      1,188           (6)          
- -             5,113
  Plant and equipment              170,917     21,221       10,532           
- -           181,606
  Furniture and fixtures             1,112         50            5           
- -             1,157
  Automobiles and trucks             4,876        670          429           
- -             5,117
                                 $ 180,824     23,129       10,960           
- -           192,993

<FN>

(A)  Removes balances related to WEI which is presented as a 
discontinued operation.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                                  
Schedule VIII

                                   WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY AND 
SUBSIDIARIES

                                       Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                                 Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 
1991
                                               (in thousands)


<CAPTION>
                                    Balance at   Additions(deductions)      
Other       Balance 
                                    beginning    charged(credited)       
additions      at end
                                     of year         to earnings         
(deductions)   of year	
<S>                                 <C>          <C>                     
<C>            <C>
  Year ended December 31, 1993:
  Allowance for doubtful accounts     $ 31,813             (257)           
(3,026)      28,530
 Accrual for workers' compensation    $ 16,370           17,204            
(7,117)      26,457
 Accrual for pneumoconiosis benefits  $ 19,522           (2,047)              
- -         17,475
 Accrual for postretirement medical 
  costs                               $   -              48,721 (A)       
(11,431)      37,290

  Year ended December 31, 1992:
 Allowance for doubtful accounts      $  2,416           29,055               
342       31,813
 Accrual for workers' compensation    $ 10,879           11,033            
(5,542)      16,370
 Accrual for pneumoconiosis benefits  $ 21,501           (1,979)              
- -         19,522

  Year ended December 31, 1991:
 Allowance for doubtful accounts      $  2,964              107              
(655)       2,416
 Accrual for workers' compensation    $ 10,633            5,832            
(5,586)      10,879
 Accrual for pneumoconiosis benefits  $ 22,944           (1,443)              
- -         21,501


<FN>
 Amounts above include current and non-current valuation accounts.


(A) See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                      Schedule X


              WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Supplementary Income Statement Information
             Years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991




<CAPTION>
                                          Charged to expense    
Item                                1993         1992       1991 
                                          (in thousands)
<S>                              <C>          <C>        <C>
Maintenance and repairs          $27,630      $24,661    $25,595

Taxes, other than payroll
  and income taxes:

    Federal pneumoconiosis 
      excise tax                   7,487        7,171      6,584
    Sales and severance taxes      9,577        8,918      8,433
    Other                          6,111        5,508      4,766

Royalties                         13,611       13,359     11,708





<FN>

All other classifications, as required by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, are omitted as such individual amounts 
do not exceed one percent of sales.
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT 1993
<TEXT>


                  INDEX TO FINANCIAL CONTENTS


Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
   Financial Condition and Results of Operations            38
Five-Year Review                                            54
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                 56
Consolidated Statements of Income                           58
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity             59
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                       60
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                  62
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                  66
Market Information on Capital Stock                        109












							
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Years Ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash provided by operating activities totalled $34,130,000 and 
$4,944,000 in 1993 and 1992, respectively, compared with cash 
used by operating activities of $2,456,000 in 1991.  Cash 
provided by operating activities increased substantially in 1993 
as compared to 1992 despite a $97,646,000 net loss for 1993.  
$79,250,000 of the charges related to the write-off of the 
carrying value of certain mining operations and coal reserves 
along with provisions for the termination of certain coal 
operations and personnel recognized in 1993 had no cash impact in 
1993.  $39,472,000 of these charges are non-cash and are related 
to the book value of assets written down and the remainder is 
related to accruals for shut down costs such as employee related 
costs, reclamation costs and operating losses which will be 
funded over future years.  Approximately $9,000,000 of the 
accruals will be funded in 1994, $5,000,000 in 1995 and the 
remainder in 1996 and beyond.  The longer term accruals relate to 
postretirement medical benefits to be funded over the lifetime of 
the beneficiaries.  Also included in 1993's net loss was 
$10,527,000 of non-cash charges resulting from the adoption of 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' 
Accounting For Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions" 
("SFAS 106") in January 1993.  The improvement in 1993's cash 
flow from operating activities is the result of an aggressive 
working capital management effort, particularly in the area of 
trade receivables which decreased $17,199,000, net of allowances 
for doubtful accounts and inventories which decreased $5,596,000, 
comparing December 31, 1993 to December 31, 1992.  Westmoreland 
Coal Company (the "Company" or "Westmoreland") is actively 
evaluating its business relationships which require investments 
in working capital and eliminating those with marginal returns in 
order to conserve cash.

Cash used in investing activities was $9,769,000, $43,711,000 and 
$13,813,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991 respectively.  During 1993, 1992 
and 1991 the Company invested $8,298,000, $33,729,000 and 
$14,975,000 respectively, in capital assets.  These amounts include 
capital lease obligations of $108,000, $35,000 and $152,000 in 
1993, 1992 and 1991, and $3,883,000 of assets subsequently sold and 
leased back under an operating lease in 1993 to finance new 
equipment.  Of the total capital expenditures in 1993, 
approximately $3,500,000 were for expansion of production capacity 
and approximately $4,800,000 were for sustaining capital.  In 1992, 
capital expenditures included infrastructure construction to 
support a new longwall mining system at the Pierrepont Mine in 
Virginia and a new coal preparation plant at Criterion.  The 
Company had no investment requirements in 1993 for its cogeneration 
projects.  In 1992 it invested $9,641,000 in cogeneration projects.  
The Company plans to invest approximately $11,500,000 in capital 
assets in 1994 of which approximately $4,800,000 will be for 
expansion of production capacity and $6,700,000 will be for 
sustaining capital.  For information regarding future investments 
in and capital requirements for cogeneration and independent power 
facilities.  (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

The Company's principal credit facilities have an outstanding 
balance at December 31, 1993 of $51,385,000 and have final 
maturities in July 1994.  As a result of the losses incurred in the 
fourth quarter of 1993, the Company is not in compliance with 
certain of the financial covenants contained in these credit 
facilities.  The Company is engaged in negotiations with the 
institutions participating in these facilities to cure the 
defaults.  (See Liquidity Outlook and Note 1 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional details.)

Cash used in financing activities was $10,783,000 and $13,337,000 
in 1993 and 1991, respectively, as compared to cash provided by 
financing activities of $35,656,000 in 1992.  These amounts include 
payments to reduce existing debt in 1993, 1992 and 1991, and the 
proceeds from the preferred stock offering and additional 
borrowings in 1992.  Preferred dividends in the amount of 
$4,888,000 and $1,140,000 were paid in 1993 and 1992 respectively.  
Dividends paid to common shareholders were $2,433,000 and 
$2,640,000 in 1992 and 1991 respectively.

The Company's total debt to capitalization ratio (total debt, 
including current portion of long-term debt, divided by the sum of 
total debt, including current portion of long-term debt, minority 
interest and shareholders' equity) was 51% at December 31, 1993 and 
27% at December 31, 1992.  This increase is due to the large net 
loss in 1993 which reduced shareholders' equity.

The Company's cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 1993 
totalled $24,262,000.  At December 31, 1992, cash and cash 
equivalents totalled $10,749,000.  None of the cash and cash 
equivalents was restricted as to use or disposition.  The Company's 
current ratio was .94 at December 31, 1993 down from 1.49 at 
December 31, 1992.  The decrease is due to the accrual for 
postretirement  medical benefits under SFAS 106 and the 
reclassification of the Company's borrowings under its Amended and 
Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated April 15, 1993 (the 
"Amended Revolver") to current portion of long-term debt.  The 
Company has also classified the long-term portion, $10,350,000, of 
its 10% senior unsecured notes (the "10% Notes") to current portion 
of long-term debt due to the maturity date being amended to July 
1994 from July 1998 as a result of a negotiation to resolve certain 
covenant violations as of September 30, 1993.

Preferred stock dividends at a rate of 8.5% per annum have been 
paid quarterly since the third quarter of 1992.  The last quarterly 
preferred stock dividend was declared on February 25, 1994 and was 
paid on April 1, 1994.  The continuation of payment of preferred 
stock dividends is at the discretion of the Company's board of 
directors.  However, there are statutory restrictions limiting the 
payments of preferred dividends under Delaware law, the state in 
which the Company is incorporated.  Under Delaware law, the Company 
is only permitted to pay dividends either:  (1) out of surplus, 
surplus being the amount of shareholders' equity in excess of the 
par value of the Company's two classes of stock; or (2) in the 
event of no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in 
which a dividend is declared (or out of net profits from the 
preceding fiscal year), but only to the extent that equity exceeds 
par value of preferred stock ($575,000).  The combined par value of 
the Company's preferred and common stocks is $17,964,000.  

Common stock dividend payments are restricted by covenants under 
the Company's loan agreements.  Currently the Company is not able 
to pay common stock dividends based on these restrictive covenants.

Liquidity Outlook

As of December 31, 1993, Westmoreland was not in compliance  with 
certain of the financial covenants contained in the Amended 
Revolver maturing July 1994, the 10% Notes due July 1994 the 
Company's Guarantee Obligation (the "DTA Guaranty") in connection 
with a $26,560,000 letter of credit expiring in July 1994 and 
related to the financing of a portion of the Dominion Terminal 
Associates coal export terminal. Outstanding borrowings under the 
Amended Revolver and 10% Senior Notes total $24,825,000 at 
December 31, 1993.

The Company is engaged in negotiations with the institutions 
participating in these credit arrangements about waivers of these 
defaults, modifications of the financial covenants and 
restructuring of the facilities, including the extension of the 
maturities thereof pending possible asset sales.

In addition to the debt of $24,825,000 and the letter of credit 
for $26,560,000 maturing in July 1994, the Company has equity 
commitments related to cogeneration projects, currently projected 
to be $9,600,000, of which $1,050,000 was paid in March 1994 and 
the balance is payable in September 1994 and $15,392,000 payable 
in December 1994 and a related payment of $4,750,000 payable on 
April 29, 1994.  The Company has offered for sale its cogeneration 
and independent power business, Westmoreland Energy, Inc. ("WEI") 
and is currently in negotiations on such a transaction.  If 
successful, the proceeds are anticipated to be adequate to cover 
the credit facility obligations maturing in July 1994 and satisfy 
the above equity commitments.  In addition the Company has been 
conducting a strategic review of its coal mining and related 
operations which has already resulted in the write-off and planned 
closure of certain mining operations and coal reserves and which 
could result in the divestment of certain coal properties.  
Substantially all of the net proceeds of any asset sale will be 
utilized to pay down outstanding obligations until obligations 
under these credit facilities are discharged and to collateralize 
outstanding surety bonds(See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).

The Company expects the required waivers of its covenant defaults 
to be obtained from the affected creditors, and that the credit 
facilities will be restructured in a manner that will delay the 
July 1994 maturities to accommodate the possible sale of WEI and 
other assets.  Although this outcome is expected, there can be no 
assurance that the necessary credit facility modifications can be 
obtained or that a sale of assets will be accomplished or, if 
accomplished, will produce sufficient proceeds to discharge the 
Company's obligations.  If the credit facility modifications 
cannot be obtained, and if the creditors elect to accelerate the 
Company's debt, the Company would not have sufficient cash to meet 
its obligations.

One of the provisions of the Retiree Medical Act of 1992 (See Note 
10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) is to make wholly 
owned subsidiaries of the Company secondarily liable for the 
funding of medical benefits for UMWA retirees who are retired or 
will retire through September 1994.  It is not known what the 
potential implications of this provision might be in connection 
with the Company's efforts to sell WEI or the possible sale of 
coal properties.



							
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:
1993 Compared to 1992
                                                1993     1992
                                               (in thousands)

Coal Operations:
   Virginia Division                      $ (24,630) $ (9,332)
   Hampton Division                         (42,266)     (966)
   Criterion Coal Co.                        10,289     6,492
   Westmoreland Resources, Inc.               3,152     5,910
   West Virginia - Idled Operations         (29,773)   (4,309)
   Other Coal                               (11,021)  (32,737)
   Total Coal                               (94,249)  (34,942)

Other Operations                                214      (384)

Income (loss) from 
       continuing operations              $ (94,035) $(35,326)


Tons sold (in thousands) and average revenue per ton sold for 1993 
and 1992 were as follows:

                                               1993      1992

     Virginia Division                        4,913     4,752
     Hampton Division                         1,561     1,745
     Criterion Coal Co.                       1,853     1,786
     Westmoreland Resources, Inc.             3,224     3,491
     Total Westmoreland Operations           11,551    11,774
     For Others                 .             5,136     7,606

     Total tons sold                         16,687    19,380

     Own Operations-Inland                   11,136    10,722
     Own Operations-Export                      415     1,052
     For Others-Inland                        2,261     3,845
     For Others-Export                        2,875     3,761

     Total                                   16,687    19,380

     Average revenue per ton sold           $ 27.66   $ 27.53



Summary

Operations incurred a loss of $94,035,000 for 1993 compared 
to a loss of $35,326,000 for 1992.  The most significant item 
in 1993 being $79,250,000 of unusual charges related to the 
write-off of the carrying value of certain mining operations 
and coal reserves along with provisions for the termination 
of certain operations and personnel.  These charges result 
from the Company's continuing strategic review of its mining 
operations in light of projected costs, prices and demand.  
Of the $79,250,000 of charges, $43,158,000 is for the planned 
discontinuation in the second quarter of 1994 of most of the 
Hampton Division's operations; $20,000,000 is related to the 
write-off of the Triangle mine complex idled since the early 
1980's and classified within West Virginia - Idled 
Operations; and $16,092,000 is for the planned closedown in 
late 1994 of the Wentz mine complex and the write-off of 
certain other assets within the Virginia Division(See Note 2 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Also impacting 1993 results was an additional $9,250,000 
accrual above the anticipated expense level of approximately 
$5,475,000, for Virginia Division workers' compensation 
liabilities resulting from a further reassessment of 
obligations related to continuing operations.

The final major variance in 1993 is the impact of SFAS 106 
which was adopted in January 1993.  As a result of SFAS 106, 
the Company incurred an increase of $10,527,000 of non-cash 
charges in 1993 as compared to 1992.

Income from operations for 1992 also included a number of 
charges totalling $34,610,000.  $20,489,000 was related to 
loans and a guarantee obligation and other related items on 
behalf of Adventure Resources, Inc. ("Adventure") a coal 
supplier, that filed for bankruptcy.  The Company also 
increased reserves for potentially uncollectible trade 
receivables and additional reclamation costs by $7,747,000 
and $2,074,000 respectively.  An additional $3,900,000 was 
accrued for a change in estimates of previously established 
workers' compensation obligations and a $400,000 valuation 
adjustment was made to its mining supplies inventories.

Excluding the unusual items mentioned above from both years, 
results from operations for 1993 would have been income of 
$4,992,000 as compared to a loss of $716,000 for 1992.


Virginia Division
The Virginia Division incurred losses in 1993 totalling 
$24,630,000 as compared to $9,332,000 in 1992.  

- -  Included in 1993's results were unusual charges totalling 
$16,092,000(See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).  

- -  In connection with the continuing review of the Virginia 
Division, which has resulted in the closure of high cost 
operations and reduction in manpower, the Company engaged a 
consulting firm in 1992 to assess its exposure to workers' 
compensation claims.  As a result, the Company increased its 
workers' compensation accruals in 1992.  With the advice of 
the outside consultant and the further case history 
development in 1993, the Company recognized a need for an 
additional $9,250,000 adjustment, above the $5,475,000 which 
was anticipated for the year, in the fourth quarter of 1993.  
As a result of this further reassessment, total workers' 
compensation expense for the Virginia Division in 1993 was 
$14,725,000, an increase of $3,625,000 over 1992 which was 
$11,100,000.  

- -  The adoption of SFAS 106 increased expenses in the 
Virginia Division by $6,173,000 in 1993 compared to 1992.  

- -  Finally, the Duke Power Company contract price was reduced 
in 1993 under a market reopener, which resulted in decreased 
revenues and earnings of $7,100,000.

Excluding all of the above items, the Virginia Division's 
1993 earnings would have been a profit of approximately 
$8,360,000 compared to loss of $9,332,000 in 1992 
representing a $17,692,000 improvement in operating 
efficiency over 1992.  This improvement is mainly 
attributable to increased productivity levels and better 
mining conditions.  Also, the Pierrepont mine had its 
longwall mining system in place for the entire year    of 
1993 compared to 1992 when it was only operational in the 
fourth quarter.

Hampton Division
The Hampton Division lost $42,266,000 in 1993 compared to a 
loss of $966,000 in 1992.  

- -  Included in the 1993 loss were unusual charges of 
$43,158,000(See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).  

- -  Also included in 1993's losses were the increased expenses 
related to SFAS 106 totalling $652,000.  

- -  1992's losses are mainly attributable to environmental 
costs of $946,000 related to the treatment of water being 
discharged from a closed mine.

Criterion Coal Company
Criterion Coal Company profits improved by $3,797,000 in 
1993.  Profits for 1993 were $10,289,000 as compared to 
$6,492,000 in 1992.  Operating costs at Criterion have been 
reduced as a result of its new preparation plant becoming 
operational in the first quarter of 1993.  The increased 
profitability is also attributable to a higher average 
revenue per ton, due to tons sold under contract that were 
previously sold on the spot market.

Westmoreland Resources, Inc.
Westmoreland Resources, Inc. had profits totalling $3,152,000 
in 1993 as compared to $5,910,000 in 1992.  Included in 1993 
was a settlement of a coal severance tax dispute between WRI 
and the state of Montana which decreased earnings by 
$900,000.  Included in 1992's earnings was income from a 
settlement of a dispute with a customer totalling $3,000,000.  
Net of the above non-recurring items, operating profits for 
1993 improved by $1,142,000.

West Virginia - Idled Operations
West Virginia - Idled Operations consists of costs associated 
with mining operations in West Virginia which have been idled 
or disposed of.  In 1993 these operations had costs totalling 
$29,773,000 versus costs of $4,309,000 in 1992.  Included in 
1993 were $20,000,000 of unusual charges for the write-off of 
the partially developed Triangle Mine Complex(See Note 2 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements).   Also impacting West 
Virginia - Idled Operations in 1993 was $2,730,000 of 
incremental postretirement medical expense resulting from the 
adoption of SFAS 106 in 1993 and $2,400,000 of charges 
related to retirees, which in previous years had been 
allocated to the Company's active mining operations.

Other Coal
Other Coal operations, which include corporate expense, the 
coal brokering activities of Westmoreland Coal Sales Company 
and the operations of Pine Branch Mining Co., lost 
$11,021,000 in 1993 as compared to a loss of $32,737,000 in 
1992.  1992's losses include $20,489,000 of charges related 
to loans and a guarantee obligation and other related items 
on behalf of Adventure.  Also included in 1992 was an 
increase in the reserves for potentially uncollectible trade 
receivables and reclamation costs in the amounts of 
$7,747,000 and $2,074,000, respectively.  In the third 
quarter of 1993, the Company reduced its work force by 32 
people at its Corporate office and Westmoreland Coal Sales 
Company.  The Company accrued $1,700,000 in severance and 
other expenses related to this work force reduction.  Also 
impacting 1993's losses is a 32% reduction in the volume of 
tons sold for other mining companies.  This reduction in 
volume is primarily due to the closing of two mines in the 
second quarter of 1992 by Adventure, the cessation of 
operations in January 1993 of another West Virginia coal 
producer, for which the Company acted as sales agent, and a 
depressed export market.  These lower sales levels are 
expected to continue.

Other Operations
Other Operations, which includes the results of Cleancoal 
Terminal Company ("Cleancoal"), the rail-to-barge 
transloading and ground storage facility located on the Ohio 
River in Kentucky, and some minor non-coal related 
transactions reported income of $214,000 in 1993 as compared 
to a loss of $384,000 for 1992.  Cleancoal experienced a 17% 
increase in tons transloaded over 1992, resulting in a loss 
of $126,000 compared to a loss of $854,000 in 1992.

Other Accounts
Interest expense increased $796,000 or 19% in 1993 due to 
interest payments being made on a $8,864,000 loan being 
guaranteed by the Company on behalf of Adventure.

Interest income increased $135,000, or 22%, due to higher 
overall investments.

Other income in 1993 reflects increased income from scrap 
sales and royalties.

Income taxes in 1993 and 1992 principally reflected the 
provision for WRI, which is not consolidated with the Company 
for Federal income tax purposes, and alternative minimum tax 
and state taxes related to the Company's other operations.  
Also included in 1993 was a $683,000 benefit related to the 
settlement of a state income tax dispute.

Discontinued Operations - Cogeneration

The Company's cogeneration business unit, WEI, was offered 
for sale by the Company in 1993 and is being accounted for as 
a discontinued operation(See Note 6 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).

WEI's income from operations in 1993 was $805,000, which includes 
$2,000,000 gain recognized from the sale of a portion of its 
interest in the Fort Lupton project.  WEI's income from operations 
in 1992 was $1,679,000 which included $2,300,000 in development 
fees partially offset by a $1,500,000 reduction in the carrying 
value of an investment in a plant under development.

Inflation did not have a material impact on the Company's 
operations in 1993.

Trends and Uncertainties

There are a number of factors that may impact the future 
earnings of the Company.  Based on information available to 
the Company at this time, the following factors or future 
actions have been identified for which the impact is 
uncertain but could be substantial:

- -  On July 1, 1993, the Company,as part of  the Independent 
Bituminous Coal Bargaining Alliance ("IBCBA") entered into an 
interim agreement with the United Mine Workers of America 
("UMWA").  This agreement provided mechanisms for the Company 
and the UMWA at the local level to work together to reduce 
health care costs, to make more efficient use of the 
Company's assets, to recognize special local operating and 
competitive conditions, to provide flexibility in work and 
scheduling, to create incentive programs, recognize 
employees' skills and performance, to involve and integrate 
employees and the UMWA in the success of their mines and the 
Company, and to improve overall labor management relations.  
These features were retained in a five-year agreement that 
succeeds the interim agreement, and became effective as of 
December 1993 ("1994 Agreement").  

- -  The Company and the UMWA are in the process of 
implementing the health care cost reduction provisions of the 
1994 Agreement.  In addition, other steps are being taken  at 
individual operations as part of the implementation of the 
1994 Agreement which should make the Company's operations 
more competitive.  The 1994 Agreement provides for a wage 
increase of $.50 per hour, retroactive to February 1, 1993.  
Employees will receive the retroactive portion of this wage 
increase in the form of an additional $.50 per hour until the 
retroactive portion is paid.  The financial impact of the 
retroactive pay increase, $972,000, was accrued in 1993.  The 
1994 Agreement also provides for additional wage increases of 
$.40 per hour on December 16, 1994 and December 16, 1995, and 
the right to negotiate for wage increases in 1996 and 1997.

- -  The Company makes payments into certain United Mine 
Workers' of America Benefit Trust Funds (the "Funds") 
including the Funds designed to pay medical benefits to 
employees who retired prior to 1976 and to those UMWA 
retirees whose companies are no longer in business  (the 
"UMWA Retiree Medical Funds").  Prior to February 1993, the 
Company's contribution to UMWA Retiree Medical Funds were 
based on hours worked or tons produced.  The Coal Industry 
Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992 (the "Retiree Medical Act 
of 1992") significantly modified the funding of the UMWA 
Retiree Medical Funds (See Note 10 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for the method and amount of payments 
into these Funds.)  The Company's liability for future 
funding obligations to the UMWA Retiree Medical Funds is 
estimated to be approximately $50,000,000, determined on a 
net present value basis.  One of the provisions of the 
Retiree Medical Act of 1992 is to make wholly owned 
subsidiaries of the Company secondarily liable for the 
funding of medical benefits for UMWA retirees who are retired 
or will retire through September 1994.  It is not known what 
the potential implications of these provisions might be in 
connection with the Company's efforts to sell WEI or the 
possible sale of coal properties.

- -    The Company is also continuing in its efforts to improve 
the profitability and competitiveness of its Virginia 
Division by steps such as the closing of the Wentz mine and 
preparation plant complex in 1994.  However, subsequent to 
the expiration of two above-market sales contracts in April 
1995 and July 1996, the ability of the Virginia Division to 
operate profitably will require coal price increases, 
operating cost reductions or some combination of the two.  
Some industry experts are predicting price increases, and in 
cooperation with our work force we have made significant 
strides in addressing costs.  However, it would be premature 
to predict the Virginia Division's ability to operate 
profitably at market prices after 1996 when its two major 
sales contracts will have expired.

- -    The continued consolidation of the coal industry along 
with weakened market conditions have significantly impacted 
the Company's coal brokering operations.  A significant 
portion of the Company's sales has historically been related 
to coal produced by smaller producers seeking to utilize the 
Company's expertise in the marketing of coal.  In 1993, 
5,136,000 tons of the total 16,687,000 tons sold by the 
Company were sold for other producers.  Of the 5,136,000 tons 
sold for others, approximately 37% were produced by 
Adventure. Adventure filed for bankruptcy in December 1992.  
At this point in time, due to the Company's need to conserve 
working capital, it is unlikely that the current relationship 
with Adventure will be maintained and therefore sales volumes 
and margins could be reduced in the future.

- -    In 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' 
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" ("SFAS 112"). Under SFAS 
112, the cost of benefits provided to former or inactive 
employees, after employment but before retirement, are required 
to be accrued.  SFAS 112 requires an employer to record the cost 
of postemployment benefits that are probable and estimable 
either over the periods in which benefit accumulate or vests or 
when the event occurs.  Adoption of SFAS 112 is effective for 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993.  At the time of 
adoption the entire estimated liability should be reported as a 
change in accounting principle; SFAS 112 does not offer a "phase 
in" method of adoption.  The Company does not expect this 
statement to have a material impact on its earnings.

							
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS:
1992 Compared to 1991
Income (loss) from operations for 1992 and 1991 was as follows:

                                             1992           1991
                                               (in thousands)

     Coal Operations:
       Virginia Division                 $ (9,332)      $ (11,781)
       Hampton Division                      (966)         (5,508)
       Criterion Coal Co.                   6,492           6,319
       Westmoreland Resources, Inc.         5,910           4,198
       West Virginia - Idled Operations    (4,309)         (1,358)
       Other Coal                         (32,737)          2,627
       Total Coal                         (34,942)         (5,503)

     Other Operations                        (384)         (1,275)

     Income (loss) from 
       continuing operations            $ (35,326)      $  (6,778)

Tons sold (in thousands) and average revenue per ton sold for 1992 and 
1991 were as follows:

                                             1992           1991


     Virginia Division                      4,752          4,325
     Hampton Division                       1,745          1,543
     Criterion Coal Co.                     1,786          1,600
     Westmoreland Resources, Inc.           3,491          4,102
     Total Westmoreland Operations         11,774         11,570
     For Others                 .           7,606          9,057
     Total tons sold                       19,380         20,627

     Own Operations-Inland                 10,722         10,229
     Own Operations-Export                  1,052          1,341
     For Others-Inland                      3,845          4,560
     For Others-Export                      3,761          4,497

     Total tons sold                       19,380         20,627

     Average revenue per ton sold         $ 27.53        $ 27.38


Coal Operations
The Company's loss from coal operations in 1992 primarily 
reflects the effect of several material fourth quarter 
charges.  These charges include reserves established for 
$20,489,000 related to loans and a guarantee obligation on 
behalf of Adventure.  (See Note 7 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).  The Company also increased reserves 
for potentially uncollectible trade receivables and 
additional reclamation costs by $7,747,000 and $2,074,000, 
respectively.  An additional $3,900,000 was accrued in the 
fourth quarter for a change in estimates of previously 
established workers' compensation obligations and a $400,000 
valuation adjustment was made to its mining supplies 
inventories.

The Company's loss from operations in 1992 also reflects the 
impact of a 6% decrease in total tons sold from 1991.  This 
decline is due to a generally softened export market; the 
closing of two mines affiliated with Adventure and electric 
utility customers of WRI requiring lower tonnage due to the 
mild weather in their service areas in 1992.

Virginia Division
The Virginia Division incurred losses in 1992 totalling 
$9,332,000 compared to losses of $11,781,000 in 1991.  
Production in Virginia's company-operated mines increased 20% 
in 1992 due largely to the startup of the longwall system at 
the Pierrepont Mine.  The Bullitt Mine continued to face 
adverse geological conditions which began at the end of 1991; 
mining plans for the Bullitt Mine were altered during the 
year in order to minimize the effect of the conditions.  A 
review of Virginia's previously established workers' 
compensation obligations began at the end of 1991 which 
resulted in an increased accrual in 1992 of $6,319,000 
compared to 1991, including a $3,900,000 accrual in the 
fourth quarter of 1992.

Hampton Division
The Company's Hampton Division lost $966,000 in 1992 as 
compared to a $5,508,000 loss in 1991.  1991's losses 
included a $4,780,000 expense for reclamation of a surface 
mine abandoned by a contractor who went out of business.  
1992's losses are mainly attributable to environmental costs 
of $946,000 related to the treatment of water being 
discharged from a closed mine.

Criterion and WRI
Criterion and WRI continued to achieve and exceed their 1992 
earnings goals.  WRI's 1992 earnings of $5,910,000, included 
$3,000,000 from a settlement of a dispute with a customer.  
Criterion's 1992 earnings increased slightly, over 1991's 
level, to $6,492,000.

West Virginia - Idled Operations
West Virginia - Idled Operations consists of costs associated 
with mining operations in West Virginia which have been idled 
or disposed of.  

In 1992 the medical benefits paid to retired employees and 
their dependents increased $3,191,000 when compared to 1991.  
Costs of this type are included in the Company's provision 
for other postretirement benefits under SFAS 106 effective in 
1993.

Other Coal
Other Coal operations, which include corporate expense, the 
coal brokering activities of Westmoreland Coal Sales Company 
and the operations of Pine Branch Mining Co., lost 
$32,737,000 in 1992 as compared to a profit of $2,627,000 in 
1991.  1992's losses include $20,489,000 of charges related 
to loans and a guarantee obligation and other related items 
on behalf of Adventure, a coal supplier related to the 
Company's coal brokering activities.  Also included in 1992 
was an increase in the reserves for potentially uncollectable 
trade receivables and reclamation costs in the amount of 
$7,747,000 and $1,200,000 respectively.

Other Operations
The loss from other operations decreased primarily due to 
decreased losses from the Company's joint venture through a 
subsidiary with Stinnes Coal Company, Inc.  Although 
Cleancoal, the rail-to-barge transloading and ground storage 
facility located on the Ohio River in Kentucky, experienced a 
less than 1% decrease in tons transloaded, its loss from 
operations increased $115,000, or 16%.  This was largely due 
to increased costs due to customer mix.

Other Accounts
Interest income decreased $1,097,000, or 65%, due to lower 
overall investments and lower interest rates.

Other income in 1992 included a $358,000 increase from the 
reversal of a provision for franchise tax established in a 
prior year.  Other income in 1991 was reduced by the write-
off of a $500,000 investment in a firm engaged in coal 
research and development activities.

Income taxes in 1992 principally reflected the provision for 
WRI, which is not consolidated with the Company for Federal 
income tax purposes, and alternative minimum tax and state 
taxes.

Discontinued Operations - Cogeneration

Income from the Company's cogeneration business unit, WEI, 
increased substantially in 1992.  This increase is directly 
attributable to the commencement of operations of three 
plants in 1992:  Southampton, Altavista and Hopewell.  
Cogeneration income also included $2,300,000 in development 
fees partially offset by a $1,500,000 reduction in the 
carrying value of WEI's investment in a plant under 
development.

Inflation did not have a material impact on the Company's 
operations in 1992.








<TABLE>
Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
Five-Year Review
<CAPTION>
                                            1993    1992      1991   1990*   1989*
Consolidated Income Statements
(in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>
Revenue -Coal                                     $461,593  $533,473   $564,823  $548,853 $549,755 
        -Other (1)                                   3,662     2,816      2,252     2,246   50,281
         Total revenues                            465,255   536,289    567,075   551,099  600,036

Cost and expenses                                  480,040   571,615    573,853   534,250  580,615 
Unusual charges (1993)/Gain on sales      
  of assets, net (1990, 1989) (2)                  (79,250)      -          -       1,339      167
Income (loss) from continuing operations           (94,035)  (35,326)    (6,778)   18,188   19,588
Interest expense                                     4,934     4,138      4,390     4,700    9,634
Interest and other income                            2,231     1,466      1,887     4,718    4,311
Income (loss) from continuing operations before 
  income taxes and minority interest               (96,738)  (37,998)    (9,281)   18,206   14,265
Income taxes                                         1,385     3,495      2,753     3,064      984
Minority interest (3)                                  748     1,543      1,120     2,007    1,654
Net income (loss) from continuing operations       (98,871)  (43,036)   (13,154)   13,135   11,627
Net income (loss) from discontinued operation (4)    1,225     2,012       (248)     (606)    (153)
Net income (loss)                                  (97,646)  (41,024)   (13,402)   12,529   11,474
Less preferred stock dividend (5)                    4,888     2,362        -          -        -
Net income (loss) from continuing operations    
 available to common shareholders                 (102,534)  (43,386)   (13,402)   12,529   11,474

Common Stock Information 
(in thousands except per share data)

Income (loss) from continuing operations
  available to common shareholders                $ (14.92)  $ (5.94)   $ (1.59)   $ 1.58    $1.41
Income (loss) from discontinued operation
  available to common shareholders                     .18       .26       (.03)     (.07)    (.02)
Income (loss) available to common shareholders      (14.74)    (5.68)     (1.62)     1.51     1.39
Dividends declared per common share                     -        .32        .32       .32       -
Weighted average number of common                   
  and common equivalent shares (6)                   6,954     7,635      8,250     8,296    8,250

Balance Sheet Data
(in thousands)

Working capital (deficit) (7)                    $  (5,839) $ 33,650  $  42,215  $ 60,854 $ 59,510
Net property, plant and equipment (2)              146,450   204,051    193,155   201,130  209,316
Total assets (2)                                   265,498   324,625    320,724   338,090  345,356
Total debt                                          44,034    53,191     38,352    47,076   55,764
Shareholders' equity (2)                            31,790   134,477    144,279   160,462  150,739
Additions to property, plant and equipment           8,298    33,729     15,766    15,243    7,494
Percentage of debt to capitalization                    51%      24%        16%       18%      22%
<FN>
* Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform with current classifications.
                                                                                              

(1) In 1989, the Company sold Central Supply Company.

(2) In 1993, the Company recorded unusual charges related to 
the write-off of the carrying value of certain mining 
operations and coal reserves along with provisions for the 
termination of certain coal operations and personnel.  (See 
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

	In 1990, the Company released, to a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Penn Virginia, its rights in certain coal reserves in 
Virginia in exchange for cash resulting in a gain of 
$950,000.  In 1990, the Company also reported a gain of 
$389,000 in connection with its sale of Central Supply.  
The gain was the net of the curtailment of Central Supply's 
pension plan and certain expenses related to the sale.

	In 1989, the Company released, to a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Penn Virginia, its rights in certain coal reserves and a 
surface loading facility in Virginia in exchange for cash 
and the release of certain claims and demands resulting in 
a gain of $1,883,000.  In 1989, the Company also 
established provisions in the amount of $1,610,000 for the 
valuation of assets relating to its mining operations in 
Virginia and recorded an immaterial loss relating to the 
sale of Central Supply.

(3) Reflects the 40% interest in Westmoreland Resources, Inc. 
not owned by the Company.

(4) Westmoreland Energy, Inc. has been offered for sale by the 
Company and is being accounted for as a discontinued 
operation.  (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.)

(5) On July 1, 1992, the Company issued 575,000 shares of 
Preferred Stock previously authorized.  Two quarterly 
dividends at 8.5% per annum were declared in 1992 and four 
quarterly dividends in the same amount in 1993.  (See Note 
3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)

(6) In 1993, the Company issued 1,066 common shares.

	In 1992, the Company purchased 1,295,589 of its own shares 
from Penn Virginia and in December 1992 retired the shares.

(7) The decrease in working capital from 1992 to 1993 resulted 
from the reclassification of long-term debt to current, the 
adoption of SFAS 106 and the accruals for mine closure 
costs, all in 1993.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                   1993         1992
                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>
Assets
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                               $24,262       $10,749
   Receivables:
     Coal sales                                             52,087        72,439
     Notes                                                   2,612         3,382
     Other                                                   1,911         2,143
                                                            56,610        77,964
     Less allowance for doubtful accounts                    6,296         9,203
                                                            50,314        68,761
   Inventories:
     Coal                                                   10,293        15,743
     Mine supplies                                           5,763         5,909
                                                            16,056        21,652
   Other current assets                                      4,609           903
        Total current assets                                95,241       102,065

Net assets of discontinued operation held for sale          12,972           - 

Property, plant and equipment:
   Land and mineral rights                                  32,838        58,629
   Plant and equipment                                     338,839       357,392
                                                           371,677       416,021
   Less accumulated depreciation and depletion             225,227       211,970
                                                           146,450       204,051
Investment in cogeneration                                     -          11,736
Other assets                                                10,835         6,773

        Total Assets                                     $ 265,498     $ 324,625
<FN>
See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

December 31,                                            1993        1992	  
                                            (in thousands except share data)
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
   Current installments of long-term debt           $ 28,101     $ 6,663
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses:
     Trade                                            22,080      32,203
     Taxes, other than taxes on income                 5,757       4,687
     Payroll                                           2,739       2,303
     Workers' compensation                             5,675       3,957
     Postretirement medical costs                      9,185         -  
     Other                                            22,829      14,523
                                                      68,265      57,673

   Preferred dividends payable                         1,222       1,222
   Taxes on income                                     2,992       2,357
   Deferred income taxes                                 500         500
         Total current liabilities                   101,080      68,415
Long-term debt                                        15,933      46,528
Accrual for pneumoconiosis benefits                   17,475      19,522
Accrual for workers' compensation                     20,782      12,413
Accrual for postretirement medical costs              28,105          -
Other liabilities                                     25,242      17,714
Deferred income taxes                                 14,373      15,226

Minority interest                                     10,718      10,330

Commitments and contingent liabilities

Shareholders' equity:
   Preferred stock of $1.00 par value
     Authorized 5,000,000 shares:
          Issued 575,000 shares                          575         575
   Common stock of $2.50 par value
     Authorized 20,000,000 shares;
          Issued 6,955,477 shares at 12/31/93  
          Issued 6,954,411 shares at 12/31/92         17,389      17,386
   Other paid-in capital                              94,651      94,807
   Retained earnings (deficit)                       (80,825)     21,709
      Total shareholders' equity                      31,790     134,477

      Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity   $ 265,498     324,625

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Income
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                             1993        1992*     1991*
                                           (in thousands except per share data)
<S>                                              <C>         <C>      <C>
Revenues:
   Coal                                          $461,593    $533,473  $564,823
   Other                                            3,662       2,816     2,252
                                                  465,255     536,289   567,075
Cost and expenses:
   Cost of coal sold                              430,737     496,169   525,277
   Cost of sales-other                              2,337       2,036     2,371
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization        21,440      22,539    23,107
   Selling and administrative                      25,783      21,816    22,991
   Provision for doubtful accounts                   (257)     29,055       107
                                                  480,040     571,615   573,853

Unusual charges                                   (79,250)          -         - 
Income (loss) from continuing operations          (94,035)    (35,326)   (6,778)
Interest expense                                    4,934       4,138     4,390
Interest income                                       738         603     1,700
Other income                                        1,493         863       187
Income (loss) before income taxes and 
  minority interest                               (96,738)    (37,998)   (9,281)
Income taxes                                        1,385       3,495     2,753
Minority interest                                     748       1,543     1,120
Net income (loss) from continuing operations      (98,871)    (43,036)  (13,154)
Net income (loss) from discontinued operation, 
  net of taxes                                      1,225       2,012      (248)
Net income (loss)                                 (97,646)    (41,024)  (13,402)
Less preferred stock dividend                       4,888       2,362         -

Net income (loss) available to common
  shareholders                                 $ (102,534)   $(43,386) $(13,402)

Net income (loss) per share available to
  common shareholders:
  Continuing Operations                        $   (14.92)   $  (5.94) $  (1.59)   
  Discontinued Operation                              .18         .26      (.03)
  Total                                            (14.74)      (5.68)    (1.62)

Weighted average number of common
  shares outstanding                                6,954       7,635     8,250     
<FN>
*  Certain amounts have been reclassified to 
   conform with current classifications.

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Years Ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993
<CAPTION>
                                     Class A
                                   Convertible
                                  Exchangeable                  Retained
                                    Preferred  Common  Paid-In  Earnings
(in thousands except per share)      Stock     Stock   Capital  (Deficit)  Total
<S>                               <C>          <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>
Balance at January 1, 1991           $     -   20,625   56,267   83,570  160,462
   Net loss                                                     (13,402) (13,402)
   Cash dividends paid:
     Common stock ($.32 per share)                               (2,640)  (2,640)
   Incentive Stock Option transactions                    (141)             (141)

Balance at December 31, 1991               -   20,625   56,126   67,528  144,279
   Net loss                                                     (41,024) (41,024)
   Net proceeds from issuance
     of Preferred stock                   575           53,953            54,528
   Cash dividends paid:
     Common stock ($.32 per share)                               (2,433)  (2,433)
     Preferred stock (8.5% per annum
         for six months)                                         (2,362)  (2,362)
   Purchase of treasury stock (1)              (3,239) (15,257)          (18,496)
   Incentive Stock Option transactions                     (15)              (15)
Balance at December 31, 1992              575  17,386   94,807   21,709  134,477
Net loss                                                        (97,646) (97,646)
Cash dividends paid:
   Preferred stock (8.5% per annum)                              (4,888)  (4,888)
Other                                               3     (156)             (153)
Balance at December 31, 1993         $    575  17,389   94,651  (80,825)  31,790

<FN>
   (1)  Treasury shares (1,295,589) were retired by the Company in December 1992.


See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows
<CAPTION>
Years Ended December 31,                              1993      1992*     1991*
                                                          (in thousands )
<S>                                               <C>       <C>       <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net income (loss)                                $(97,646) $(41,024) $(13,402)
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
   cash provided (used) by operating activities:
    Unusual charges                                 79,250        -         -
    Depreciation, depletion and amortization        21,440    22,539    23,107
    (Increase) decrease in deferred 
      income taxes                                    (853)      766      (482)
    Decrease in accrual for pneumoconiosis benefits (2,047)   (1,979)   (1,443)
    Minority interest in WRI income                    748     1,543     1,120
    (Increase) decrease in customers' accounts 
      receivable  net of allowance for doubtful 
      accounts                                      17,199     3,140   (13,558)
    (Increase) decrease in other receivables           476     3,680    (2,299)
    (Increase) decrease in inventories               5,596     5,403    (4,264)
    Increase (decrease) in trade payables           (9,828)   (9,928)   12,732
    Increase (decrease) in other accounts payable     
      and accrued expenses                           4,935     5,177    (6,226)
    Increase in income taxes payable                   635       472       552
    Increase in accrual for postretirement  
      medical costs                                 18,738       -         -
    Increase in long-term accruals                   3,103    16,395     1,093
    Other                                           (7,616)   (1,240)      614

  Net cash provided (used) by operating activities  34,130     4,944    (2,456)

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Fixed asset additions                            (8,078)  (33,662)  (15,559)
   Decrease in long-term investments                   347     2,333     1,544
   Proceeds from sales of investments and assets       253       275       189
   (Increase) decrease of net assets held for sale  (2,291)  (12,657)       13

  Net cash used in investing activities             (9,769)  (43,711)  (13,813)

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from sale/leaseback                      3,883       -          -
   Proceeds from long-term debt                         -     14,500        -
   Repayment of long-term debt                      (9,330)   (8,468)   (8,863)
   Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock        -     54,528        - 
   Purchase of treasury shares                          -    (18,496)       -
   Dividends paid to shareholders                   (4,888)   (3,573)   (2,640)
   Dividends paid and other adjustments relative
    to minority shareholders                          (360)   (2,809)   (1,680)
   Other                                              (153)      (15)     (141)

  Net cash provided (used) in financing activities (10,848)   35,667   (13,324)

  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 
    equivalents                                     13,513    (3,100)  (29,593)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year        10,749    13,849    43,442
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year            $ 24,262  $ 10,749  $ 13,849

<FN>
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the year for:
  Interest                                        $  5,152  $  4,057  $  4,416
  Income taxes, net                                  1,642     2,950     2,709

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing 
   and financing activities:

The Company incurred capital lease obligations of $108,000, $35,000 and $152,000 
in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, to finance new equipment.

The Company, in 1992, recorded a loan guarantee it had provided on behalf of one 
of its coal suppliers for $8,864,000.  (See Note 7.)

*Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform with current classifications.

See accompanying Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>





Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


	
Consolidation Policy

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the Company and its subsidiaries after elimination of 
intercompany balances and transactions.  To the extent that 
the Company owns 20% or more in any subsidiary, corporate 
joint venture or partnership, but less than a majority 
interest, it accounts for such investments using the equity 
method.  The excess of the cost of an increase in the 
investment in WRI, a 60%-owned subsidiary, over the portion 
of net assets acquired in 1979, equal to $11,600,000, has 
been allocated to coal reserves.  Such excess is being 
amortized at a fixed rate per ton based on estimated 
recoverable coal reserves.

	
Discontinued Operation -
Cogeneration and Independent Power Development

In connection with the development of cogeneration and 
independent power projects, certain costs are incurred during 
the development process.  These costs are expensed in the 
period incurred until certain events have taken place, 
including the execution of certain contracts which are 
critical to a project's construction and operation.  After 
these events have taken place all subsequent costs are 
capitalized as part of a project's investment basis.  At the 
time when non-recourse bank financing has been obtained, 
costs previously expensed by the Company, to the extent 
reimbursed, are reported as income.  All other income in 
connection with a project's development is deferred until the 
project reaches commercial operation.  WEI was offered for 
sale by the Company in 1993 and is being accounted for as a 
discontinued operation.

	
Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents of $21,892,000 at December 31, 1993 consist 
of Eurodollar time deposits and bank repurchase agreements.  
Cash equivalents of $498,000 at December 31, 1992 consist of 
bank repurchase agreements.  All are carried at cost and have 
maturities of not longer than fifteen days.  The Company 
considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with 
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
	
Inventory Valuation

Inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or 
market.
	
Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost and include 
expenditures for new facilities and those expenditures that 
substantially increase the productive lives of existing plant 
and equipment.  Maintenance and repair costs are expensed as 
incurred.  Mineral rights are depleted at a rate based upon 
the cost of the mineral properties and estimated recoverable 
tonnage therein.  The Company uses the straight-line 
depreciation method over the assets' estimated useful lives, 
ranging from 3 to 40 years, which conforms to prevalent 
industry practice.  When an asset is retired or sold, its 
cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from 
the accounts.  The difference between undepreciated cost and 
proceeds of disposition is recorded as a gain or loss.  Fully 
depreciated plant and equipment remaining in use are not 
eliminated from the accounts.  The development costs of mines 
in the pre-operating stage are capitalized and amortized over 
the assets' estimated useful lives after commercial 
operations commence.

	
Financial Instruments

Financial instruments are presented at either cost or fair 
value as required by generally accepted accounting 
principles.  The fair value of the Company's financial 
instruments approximate carrying value.

	
Coal Revenues

Coal revenues include the sale of coal loaded at Company 
operations and sales of coal produced by other mining 
companies where the Company, through a subsidiary, is a sales 
agent or acts as a broker.  The Company recognizes the full 
sales revenue of the coal sold for other companies since the 
Company assumes the credit risk for the sale, performs other 
services such as invoicing, quality control and shipment 
monitoring, and in most cases takes title to the coal.  Coal 
revenues pertaining to coal sold for other companies amounted 
to $157,788,000, $227,046,000 and $282,676,000 in 1993, 1992 
and 1991, respectively.  For all coal sales the Company 
recognizes revenue at the time title passes to the customer.
	
Reclamation

Reclamation costs are accrued over the expected mine life 
using the units of production method based on recoverable 
reserves and environmental and regulatory requirements.  

Estimates are periodically reviewed and adjustments are made 
in accruals to provide for future costs, as needed.
	
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions

The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for 
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" (SFAS 106) on 
January 1, 1993.  Under SFAS 106 the cost of postretirement 
benefits other than pensions must be recognized on an accrual 
basis.  The Company elected to amortize its accumulated 
postretirement benefit obligation at the time of adoption, 
called the transition obligation, over 20 years.

The Company is subject to the Coal Industry Retiree Health 
Benefit Act of 1992.  The Company pays a premium each month 
based upon the number of beneficiaries assigned to it.  This 
amount is expensed at the time it is paid by the Company.
	
Income Taxes 

The Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" 
("SFAS 109") in 1991.  SFAS 109 requires a company to 
recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the 
expected future tax consequences of events that have been 
recognized in a company's financial statements or tax 
returns.  Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and 
assets are determined based on the difference between the 
financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets 
and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the 
years in which the differences are expected to reverse.  The 
Company has not recognized the benefit of any net operating 
loss carryforwards as the result of adopting SFAS 109.


	
Net Income (Loss) Per Share Available to Common 
Shareholders

Net income (loss) per share available to common shareholders 
was computed by dividing net income (loss) available to 
common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares 
of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding 
during the year.  Common stock equivalents are not included 
when they would have an anti-dilutive effect on income (loss) 
per share.



Westmoreland Coal Company and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991				

 1. Liquidity

Although the Company generated $34,130,000 of net cash 
provided by operating activities in 1993, the Company's 
viability as a going concern is dependent on (1) obtaining 
waivers to the violation of and modification of certain 
financial covenants contained in its principal credit 
facilities; (2) modifying the final maturities of the 
$51,385,000 balance of these credit facilities from the 
scheduled July 1994 maturities; and (3) selling assets 
sufficient to discharge debt obligations.

As of December 31, 1993, the Company was not in compliance with 
certain of the financial covenants contained in the Amended 
Revolver maturing July 1994, the 10% Notes due July 1994, or the 
Company's DTA Guaranty in connection with by a $26,560,000 letter 
of credit expiring in July 1994 and related to the financing of a 
portion of the Dominion Terminal Associates coal export terminal. 
Outstanding borrowings under the Amended Revolver and 10% Senior 
Notes total $24,825,000 at December 31, 1993.

The Company is engaged in negotiations with the institutions 
participating in these credit arrangements to obtain waivers of 
these defaults, modifications of the financial covenants and 
restructuring of the facilities, including the extension of the 
maturities thereof pending possible asset sales.

In addition to the debt of $24,825,000 and the letter of credit for 
$26,560,000 maturing in July 1994, the Company has equity commitments 
related to cogeneration projects, currently projected to be 
$9,600,000, of which $1,050,000 was paid in March 1994 and the 
balance is payable in September 1994 and $15,392,000 payable in 
December 1994 and a related payment of $4,750,000 payable on April 
29, 1994.  The Company has offered for sale its cogeneration and 
independent power business, WEI, and is currently in negotiations on 
such a transaction.   If successful, the proceeds are anticipated to 
be adequate to cover the credit facility obligations maturing in July 
1994 and satisfy the above equity commitments.  In addition the 
Company has been conducting a strategic review of its coal mining and 
related operations which has already resulted in the write-off and 
planned closure of certain mining operations and coal reserves and 
which could result in the divestment of certain coal properties.  
Substantially all of the net proceeds of any asset sale will be 
utilized to pay down outstanding obligations until obligations under 
these credit facilities are discharged and to collateralize 
outstanding surety bonds.  (See Note 8.)

The Company expects the required waivers of its covenant 
defaults to be obtained from the affected creditors, and that 
the credit facilities will be restructured in a manner that 
will delay the July 1994 maturities to accommodate the 
possible sale of WEI and other assets.  Although this outcome 
is expected, there can be no assurance that the necessary 
credit facility modifications can be obtained or that a sale 
of assets will be accomplished or, if accomplished, will 
produce sufficient proceeds to discharge the Company's 
obligations.  If the credit facility modifications cannot be 
obtained, and if the creditors elect to accelerate the 
Company's debt, the Company would not have sufficient cash to 
meet its obligations.

One of the provisions of the Retiree Medical Act of 1992 (See 
Note 10) is to make wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company 
secondarily liable for the funding of medical benefits for 
UMWA retirees who are retired or will retire through 
September 1994.  It is not known what the potential 
implications of these provisions might be in connection with 
the Company's efforts to sell WEI or the possible sale of 
coal properties.

2. Unusual Charges

The Company incurred unusual charges totaling $79,250,000 
related to the write-off in the carrying value of certain 
mining operations and coal reserves along with provisions for 
the termination of certain operations and personnel.  These 
charges result from the Company's continuing strategic review 
of its mining operations in light of projected costs, prices 
and demand.  Of the $79,250,000 of charges, $43,158,000 is 
for the planned discontinuation in the second quarter of 1994 
of most of the Hampton Division's operations; $20,000,000 
related to the write-off of the Triangle mine complex idled 
since the early 1980's and classified within West Virginia - 
Idled Operations; and $16,092,000 is for the planned 
closedown in late 1994 of the Wentz mine complex and the 
write-off of certain other assets within the Virginia 
Division.

Hampton Division
The Hampton Division incurred unusual charges in 1993 
totaling $43,158,000 related to the planned discontinuation 
of most of the Hampton Division's operations in the second 
quarter of 1994.  This action was necessitated by the loss of 
an above-market contract in December 1993.  Based on current 
market conditions and cost structures, there are no 
operational scenarios which would result in future positive 
cash flow had the Company continued to operate the deep mine, 
the preparation plant and the support facilities.  The other 
major above-market contract associated with the Hampton 
property will continue to be supplied by the production from 
a large surface mine on the property, which is operated by a 
contractor.  The components of the shut down costs are: 
- - $8,247,000 for fixed asset write-downs.
- - $25,653,000 related to the accrual of postretirement 
medical benefits.
- - $3,900,000 in termination costs for approximately 130 
employees.
- - $1,800,000 for reclamation.
- - $3,558,000 for anticipated operating losses and other 
shutdown reserves.  

West Virginia - Idled Operations
West Virginia - Idled Operations incurred unusual charges of  
$20,000,000 for the write-off of the partially developed 
Triangle Mine Complex ("Triangle"), which has been idled 
since the early 1980's.  As a result of management's 
continued review over the course of 1993 they believe 
Triangle will neither be developed nor sold in the 
foreseeable future.  The Company has been unable to attract 
any interest to develop the reserve by a third party and the 
Company does not have the capital to develop the reserve on 
its own.  The latest extension of the mining permits for this 
property expires in 1994 and cannot be renewed with the state 
of West Virginia. Unless it is put back on active status and 
development begins the Company will be required to begin 
final reclamation in 1994.  Based on these facts, the Company 
wrote-off the remaining $18,000,000 book value of Triangle 
and accrued $2,000,000 for the final reclamation of the 
complex, which will begin in the second half of 1994.  

Virginia Division
The Virginia Division incurred unusual charges in 1993 
totalling $16,092,000 relating to the following:  
- - $7,761,000 related to the planned closure of the Wentz mine 
and preparation plant complex.  The total charge related to 
the Wentz complex includes $4,967,000 for the writedown of 
the book value of impaired assets, $2,141,000 in termination 
costs for approximately 90 employees, $363,000 for 
reclamation and $290,000 for anticipated future operating 
losses.  The decision to close this complex was based on the 
continuing high cost of production and the scheduled 
expiration of a major sales contract at the end of 1994.
- - $7,636,000 for the write-off of an undeveloped block of 
reserves which are owned in fee, which the Company has 
determined will not be economically mineable based on current 
and anticipated production costs and market conditions.  
- - $695,000 related to the write-off of certain other assets.

Accruals related to the above unusual items are included in 
the balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 1993 are 
as follows:

		      (in thousands)

Accrual for postretirement medical costs           $25,653
Other liabilities (long-term)                        5,224
Accounts payable and accrued expenses                6,601
Accrual for workers' compensation (long-term)        2,300
Total                                              $39,778

 3. Capital Stock

The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 
20,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 4,800,000 shares of 
Series A Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock and 200,000 
shares of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

In July 1992, the Company sold 2,300,000 Depositary Shares, 
each representing one quarter of a share of Series A 
Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock (the "Preferred 
Stock") for a total public offering price of $57,500,000.  
Net proceeds to the Company were $54,528,000.  As a result, 
575,000 shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding.  The 
Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equivalent to 
$25 per depositary share and dividends accumulate on the 
Preferred Stock at 8.5% per annum, equivalent to $2.125 per 
year per depositary share.  There are no mandatory sinking 
fund requirements on the preferred stock.

The Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the 
holder at any time, unless previously redeemed, into shares 
of Common Stock of the Company at a rate equivalent to 1.708 
shares of Common Stock for each Depositary Share.  The 
Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares representing such 
stock are not redeemable prior to July 1, 1996.  The 
Preferred Stock is redeemable thereafter at the option of the 
Company, in whole or in part, from time to time, initially at 
an amount equivalent to $26.28 per Depositary Share, if 
redeemed during the twelve month period beginning July 1, 
1996, and thereafter at prices declining annually to an 
amount equivalent to $25 per Depositary Share on and after 
July 1, 2002, plus, in each case, an amount equal to the sum 
of all accrued and unpaid dividends.

The Preferred Stock may be exchanged at the option of the 
Company, as a whole only, on any dividend payment date 
commencing July 1, 1996, for the Company's 8 1/2% Convertible 
Subordinated Exchange Debentures due July 1, 2012 (the 
"Exchange Debenture") in a principal amount equal to $100 per 
share of Preferred Stock.  The Exchange Debenture, if issued, 
will be convertible at the option of the holder at any time, 
unless previously redeemed, into shares of Common Stock at 
the then applicable conversion rate for the Preferred Stock.

A portion of the proceeds from the sale of Preferred Stock 
was used to purchase 1,295,589 shares of Company Common Stock 
from a subsidiary of Penn Virginia Corporation ("Penn 
Virginia").  The Company retired these shares in December 
1992.  Penn Virginia's voting interest in the Company at 
December 31, 1991 was 39.6%; its voting interest in the 
Company was 18.96% at December 31, 1992 and December 31, 
1993.

At December 31, 1993, the Company had outstanding 6,955,477 
shares of Common Stock and 575,000 shares of Series A 
Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Stock.  The Common Stock 
and the Preferred Stock constitute all of the Company's 
voting securities.

On January 28, 1993 the Company adopted a Shareholder Rights 
Plan ("The Plan") and declared a distribution under the Plan 
of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right ("Right") for each 
outstanding share of the Company's Common Stock.  In the 
event that any person or group acquires a 20% or greater 
position in the Company, each holder of a Right (other than 
the acquiring person or group) will be entitled to purchase 
one one-hundredth of one share of Westmoreland Series B 
Junior Participating Preferred Stock at a per share purchase 
price of $30, or, in lieu of the Preferred Stock, the number 
of shares of the Company's Common Stock having a market value 
at that time of $60.  If the Company is acquired in a merger 
or other business combination transaction, each holder of a 
Right (other than the acquiring person or group) will be 
entitled to purchase a number of shares of the acquiring 
company's common stock having a market value at that time of 
$60.

The Company can redeem the Rights at a redemption price of 
$.01 per Right at any time until the tenth business day 
(subject to extension) after a public announcement that a 20% 
position is acquired.

The Board of Directors has the flexibility to lower the 20% 
threshold to not less than 10% prior to the time any person 
or group acquires a 20% position in the Company.  The Rights 
expire on February 11, 2003.


4.  Debt

The Company's total debt is summarized in the following
tables (in thousands):

                                                     December 31
                                                  1993         1992
                                                  

   Revolving Credit Loan at prime + 1% (7% at
       December 31, 1993) with quarterly 
       repayments of $1,500 and a final 
       maturity of July 15, 1994                $ 12,000   $ 14,500

   10.0% senior unsecured notes placed with
       private lenders dated August 10, 1977.
       Repayment of $2,475 due June 15, 1994
       and balance of $10,350 due 
       July 15, 1994 (prior to an amendment
       in December 1993, these repayments
       were due annually through 
       June 15, 1998)                             12,825     15,300

   Capital lease obligations payable in
       installments through 1996 with varying
       interest rates from 7.0% to 14.0%           7,746     11,488


   7.0% 5-year Promissory Note.  Repayment
       in monthly installments through
       May 31, 1993                                  -          311

   Westmoreland Resources, Inc.:
       Contracts for deed and mortgage notes, 
       payable with specified interest rates
       from 4.0% to 7.0% net of unamortized
       discount (1993-$445 and 1992-$506)
       maturing through 2005                       2,599      2,809

   Loan guarantee on behalf of Adventure
       Resources, Inc. at an interest rate of 
       9.5% maturing on February 1, 1998           8,864      8,783

   Total debt                                     44,034     53,191
   Less current installments                      28,101      6,663
   Long-term portion of debt                    $ 15,933   $ 46,528



                                                     December 31
  Current Maturities                              1993         1992
                                                   

   Revolving Credit Loan                        $ 12,000    $    -
   10.0% senior unsecured notes                   12,825      2,475
   Capital leases                          .       3,077      3,667
   7.0 % 5-year Promissory Note                       -         311
   Westmoreland Resources, Inc. debt                 199        210

   Total current maturities                     $ 28,101    $ 6,663

   Principal payments on long-term debt, including capital leases, 
maturing in the next five years is as follows:

     Year Ending                                 Amount  
                                           (in thousands)
     December 31, 1994                          $ 28,101
     December 31, 1995                             3,563
     December 31, 1996                             1,390
     December 31, 1997                               171
     December 31, 1998                             9,046

   The minimum future obligation, including principal and 
interest, on capital leases, primarily for mining equipment, 
is as follows:

     Year Ending                                 Amount
                                           (in thousands)
     December 31, 1994                           $ 3,822
     December 31, 1995                             3,799
     December 31, 1996                             1,317
     December 31, 1997                                 6
     December 31, 1998                                 -
                                                   8,944
     Less interest                                 1,198
     Obligation on capital leases                $ 7,746


The Company's Revolving Credit Loan Agreement, collateralized by 
accounts receivable, was replaced on April 15, 1993 by the Amended 
Revolver.  The Amended Revolver reduced the available credit to 
$15,000,000 on June 30, 1993 from $25,000,000 and changed the 
facility's termination date to July 15, 1994 from September 25, 
1994.  The Amended Revolver was modified on December 6, 1993 to 
further reduce the available credit to $12,000,000 by December 31, 
1993 with subsequent quarterly reductions of $1,500,000.  The 
amount available under the Revolver is subject to a borrowing base 
calculation based on domestic accounts receivable, and is secured 
by these accounts receivable of the Company.

The 10% Notes were amended during 1993 to increase the 
interest rate from 9.15% to 10.0% and to accelerate the final 
maturity date from June 15, 1998 to July 15, 1994.

The Amended Revolver, the 10% Notes and the DTA Guaranty (See 
Note 7), contain various restrictions and covenants.  Under 
these provisions the Company must maintain a minimum level of 
working capital, current ratio, tangible net worth and fixed 
charge coverage among other covenants.  

As of December 31, 1993, the Company is in violation of the 
working capital, current ratio, tangible net worth and fixed 
charge coverage covenants.  As a result of these violations, 
the outstanding balances under these credit arrangements can 
be accelerated.  Negotiations are underway to resolve these 
covenant violations and to extend the July 1994 maturity 
dates.  However, there can be no assurance that such 
negotiations will result in a successful resolution of these 
matters.  (See Note 1.)

No common dividends can be paid under the existing covenants.  
Based on current projections, the Company will be unable to 
pay common dividends in the foreseeable future.  There are no 
loan covenants which restrict the payment of preferred 
dividends.

Substantially all of the proceeds which might be generated 
from the future sale of assets, outside of the ordinary course 
of business, have been pledged to pay down outstanding 
borrowings under the Amended Revolver and the 10% Notes, to 
collateralize the DTA Guaranty and to collateralize 
outstanding surety bonds.  Refer to Note 8 for additional 
information on the outstanding surety bonds.

The contracts for deed and mortgage notes payable of WRI are 
secured by land and surface rights with an aggregate cost, net of 
amortization, of approximately $12,500,000 at December 31, 1993.


 5. Lease Obligations

The Company and its subsidiaries lease coal lands from Penn 
Virginia Resources Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Penn Virginia Corporation (controlling an 18.96% voting 
interest in the Company at December 31, 1993) and other 
lessors.  The leases provide for minimum annual royalties of 
$1,391,000 plus real estate taxes.

The coal leases with Penn Virginia Resources Corporation are 
in effect until all economically mineable reserves are 
exhausted.  These coal leases were renegotiated effective 
July 1, 1988 at rates comparable to royalty rates charged by 
other lessors at the time.  Under the agreement, the royalty 
rates for most deep-mined coal range from 6.5% to 7.0% of the 
sales price during the 10-year period beginning July 1, 1988.  
Beginning July 1, 1992 either party to this lease may call 
for negotiation to set a new rate for these particular seams.  
During the 10-year period beginning July 1, 1988, the rates 
for surface-mined coal range from 8.5% to 9.0% and the rates 
for highwall-mined coal range from 7.5% to 8.0%.

WRI has an agreement to lease coal reserves from the Crow 
Tribe of Indians.  This lease requires annual rentals, 
recoupable minimum royalties and production royalties.  The 
royalty rate varies from the greater of $.30 per ton or 6% of 
the F.O.B. mine price to a 12.5% rate net of all production-
based taxes.

Royalties and rentals charged to expense under all lease 
agreements, including those in effect for WRI, amounted to 
$17,761,000, $17,292,000 and $16,661,000 in 1993, 1992 and 
1991, respectively.

The Company has operating lease commitments expiring at 
various dates, primarily for real property and equipment.  
Minimum rental obligations existing under these leases at 
December 31, 1993 are as follows:

                       (in thousands)
                1994               $3,959
                1995                3,633
                1996                3,201
                1997                1,677
                1998                1,396
                After 1998          5,915

The minimum rental obligations after 1998 are primarily 
attributable to the Company's railroad car leases and a lease 
expiring in 1999 for the corporate offices.


6.  Westmoreland Energy, Inc.

Westmoreland Energy, Inc.
In 1993 the Company has offered  WEI for sale and it is being 
accounted for as a discontinued operation.

WEI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is engaged in 
the business of developing and owning interests in 
cogeneration and other non-regulated independent power 
plants.  (See the Project Status Summary table filed as an 
exhibit.)

WEI, through subsidiaries, holds non-controlling general and 
limited equity interests in partnerships which were formed to 
build, own and operate cogeneration facilities.  Generally, 
the lenders to these partnerships have recourse only against 
these projects and the income and revenues therefrom.  The 
debt agreements contain various restrictive covenants 
including restrictions on paying cash distributions to the 
partners.  WEI's equity interests in these partnerships range 
from 1.25 percent to 50 percent. 











The following is a summary of aggregated financial 
information for all investments owned by WEI and accounted 
for under the equity method:


BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands)
                                Dec. 31, 1993   Dec. 31,1992
ASSETS
  Current assets                    $  52,734      $  42,831
  Property, plant and
   equipment, net                     669,107        503,992
  Other assets                         72,166         64,036
  Total assets                      $ 794,007      $ 610,859
LIABILITIES & EQUITY
  Current liabilities               $  46,144      $  37,088
  Long-term debt
   and other liabilities              682,211        521,600
  Equity                               65,652         52,171
  Total liabilities & equity        $ 794,007      $ 610,859

WEI's share of equity               $  14,523      $  11,736

INCOME STATEMENTS (in thousands)
                                For years ended December 31,
                                 1993        1992       1991

Revenues                    $ 110,199    $ 87,970   $ 37,565
Operating income               48,921      42,217     11,411
Net income (loss)              16,624      15,293      1,279

WEI's share of
  net income (loss)         $   3,195    $  2,114   $    (65)

WEI performs project development and venture management 
services related to the partnerships and has recognized 
revenues of $1,447,000, $2,565,000 and $1,395,000 in 1993, 
1992 and 1991, respectively.  WEI had deferred development 
income of $3,913,000 and $1,663,000 at December 31, 1993 and 
1992, respectively.  Income recognition of these fees is 
deferred until the related project achieves commercial 
operation and the equity contribution is made.

WEI has capitalized certain development costs.  At December 
31, 1993 and 1992, total capitalized development costs were 
$39,000 and $333,000, respectively.  In addition, WEI 
capitalized certain project acquisition costs, totaling 
$1,182,000 at December 31, 1993.  Such costs are being 
amortized over the term of the power contract of the project.  
Amortization for the twelve months ended December 31, 1993 
was not material to the financial statements.

WEI has loans receivable from project partnerships of 
$2,230,000 and $501,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively.  The loans are short-term except for $1,184,000 
of the loan amount outstanding at December 31, 1993.

Fort Lupton
WEI sold a portion of its interest in the Fort Lupton project 
for cash and recorded a gain of $2,000,000 in April 1993.  
WEI retains a limited partnership interest, with an effective 
interest of 4.49% in the distributable cash flows of the 
project.  

Roanoke Valley II
The RV II project reached financial close in December of 
1993, at which time WEI received $5,261,000 as reimbursement 
of development costs and development fees.  Concurrent with 
the close, WEI, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, made a 
subordinated loan of $2,173,000 to the project partnership to 
secure a portion of the RV II equity commitment not 
guaranteed by LG&E.  See Commitments and Contingencies 
Summary below for information regarding equity commitments 
for RV II.

Equity Support Agreements
On April 15, 1993, the Company entered into an equity support 
agreement with LG&E whereby the equity commitments of the 
Roanoke Valley I (RV I) and Rensselaer projects (up to 
$30,904,000) and a portion (up to $4,600,000) of the 
anticipated equity commitment of the RV II project are 
guaranteed by LG&E.  As consideration for this guarantee, the 
Company has pledged its interest in these projects as 
security to LG&E.  In addition, the Company is obligated to 
pay a fee of 1.25 percent per annum on the aggregate amount 
of the guarantee and a fee of $4,750,000 payable on April 30, 
1994.  These fees are being amortized over the period 
beginning on April 15, 1993 through the required equity 
funding dates of the respective projects.  A total of 
$2,459,000 has been amortized through December 31, 1993.

Commitments & Contingencies Summary
The following summarizes the Company's commitments and 
contingencies regarding WEI's projects (in thousands):

     Equity Funding Requirements
                                            Maximum    Expected
       Contractual Commitments (1994)      $ 30,900   $ 25,000
       Contractual Commitments (1995)         6,800      4,600
                                           $ 37,700   $ 29,600

     Guarantee Fee - 1994 (accrued)	$  4,750   $  4,750
                                            

 7.	Commitments and Contingencies

Westmoreland Terminal Company
Westmoreland Terminal Company ("WTC"), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company, has a 20% interest in Dominion 
Terminal Associates ("DTA"), a consortium formed for the 
construction and operation of a coal-storage and vessel-
loading facility in Newport News, Virginia.  DTA's annual 
throughput capacity is 20 million tons, and its ground 
storage capacity is 1.7 million tons.

The facility began operations in March 1984.  Current 
financing is provided through $132,800,000 of refunding 30-
year, non-amortizing, tax-exempt bonds.  Rates of interest on 
the bonds are set periodically and the bonds provide that the 
bondholders have put options at each rate setting date, which 
can range from one day to 180 days.  The refunding bonds are 
supported by a 7-year direct-pay letter of credit, expiring 
in July 1994, which would be utilized in the event that any 
bonds were tendered for payment.  The Company is the ultimate 
obligor for any drawdowns under the letter of credit.  As a 
result, WTC's portion of this issue ($26,560,000) is 
effectively guaranteed by the Company.  Under the terms of 
the DTA Guaranty, as amended, the Company is required to meet 
various financial covenant tests.  The Company is in 
violation of the minimum net working capital and tangible net 
worth tests contained in the DTA Guaranty.  (See Note 4 for 
additional information.) 

In addition, the partners have a Throughput and Handling 
Agreement whereby WTC is committed to fund its proportionate 
share of DTA operating expenses.  WTC's total cash funding 
obligations were $3,129,000, $3,784,000 and $4,032,000 during 
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  



The following is a summary of financial information for DTA:

BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands)

                         Dec. 31, 1993     Dec. 31, 1992
ASSETS
  Current assets              $  4,460          $ 48,156
  Non-current assets           104,651           107,787
  Total assets                $109,111          $155,943

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' DEFICIT
  Current liabilities         $  1,650          $ 46,332
  Long-term debt
   and other liabilities       144,803           145,268
  Partner's deficit            (37,342)          (35,657)
  Total liabilities
   & partners' deficit        $109,111          $155,943

WTC's share
  of partners' deficit        $ (7,401)         $ (6,856)


INCOME STATEMENTS (in thousands)

                             For the Years ended December 31,
                                1993        1992        1991

Contribution from Partners  $ 18,592    $ 19,599    $ 20,462
Operating expenses            19,176      21,454      21,236
Excess of expenses over
 partner's contributions      (1,685)     (4,419)     (3,247)

WTC's share of
  net income (loss)         $   (545)   $   (768)   $   (656)

WTC's share of DTA's equity is not equal to its ownership 
percentage due to the fact that the DTA operating agreement 
does not allocate all expenses based on ownership percentage.

The Company's negative investment in DTA was $7,401,000 and 
$6,856,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively and is 
recorded in other long term liabilities.  The Company 
continues to record losses in excess of DTA's carrying value 
due to the Company's effective guarantee of its share of 
DTA's obligations.

Adventure
Westmoreland Coal Sales Company ("WCSC") a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company is the exclusive sales agent for 
Adventure, whose other affiliated companies include M.A.E. 
Services Inc. and Maben Energy Corporation.  On December 2, 
1992 Adventure filed voluntary petitions for reorganization 
under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with the United 
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of West 
Virginia.  As of December 31, 1993 the Company has $7,397,000 
in notes and $5,842,000 of short-term loans receivable from 
Adventure.  In addition, the Company has guaranteed payment 
of certain defaulted obligations of Adventure totalling 
$8,864,000.  All of these amounts are fully reserved.  It is 
not possible at the present time to determine whether 
Adventure will successfully reorganize or the amount that the 
Company will receive on account of Adventure's pre-petition 
debt under either a successful reorganization or a 
liquidation.  The Company is required to make interest 
payments on behalf of Adventure to the guaranteed party for a 
period not to exceed five years from March 1993.  If the 
guaranteed obligation has not been resolved by Adventure by 
that time, the entire outstanding balance will then become 
due and owing. (See Note 4 for more information.)


Other

The Company is responsible for certain costs related to the 
eventual closing of its mines.  The Company accrues amounts 
while each mine operates in order to absorb these costs over 
the life of each mine.  These costs are related to 
reclamation, water treatment and other environmentally 
related items.  The total cost to perform these activities as 
of December 31, 1993, is estimated to be $16,000,000.  The 
Company has accrued $12,656,000 of these costs as of December 
31, 1993.  The balance will be accrued over the remaining 
lives of each operation.  Of the total amount accrued as of 
December 31, 1993, $3,112,000 is classified as current in 
Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses and $9,544,000 is 
classified as long-term in Other Liabilities.  Also the 
Company may become responsible for similar costs associated 
with its mines operated by contractors if the contractor 
fails to perform.  This amount is estimated to be $16,500,000 
at December 31, 1993.  The Company's contractors hold bonds 
for these costs totalling $8,200,000 at December 31, 1993.

The Company also has various contingent liabilities 
associated with its subsidiary, WEI.  (See Note 6 for further 
information.)

In addition to the above, the Company and its subsidiaries 
had various claims and suits pending at December 31, 1993, 
all in the ordinary course of business.



 8. Workers' Compensation and Pneumoconiosis Benefits

The Company is self-insured for workers' compensation 
benefits.  The amounts charged to expense for workers' 
compensation were  $17,204,000, $11,033,000 and $5,832,000 
for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, and were based on 
actual and estimated claims incurred.  The increased expense 
for 1993 and 1992 was due to a revision in estimate resulting 
from the continuing review of previously established workers' 
compensation obligations at the Company's Virginia and 
Hampton Divisions.

The Company is also self-insured for Federal and state 
pneumoconiosis benefits.  The Company created a trust with an 
independent trustee to fund liabilities for payments of these 
benefits and uses an actuarial method of providing for 
projected benefits to current and former employees based on 
existing and estimated future claims.  The projected benefit 
payments are accrued as a percentage of coal operations' 
payroll cost over a period of twenty-five years.  This 
actuarial method is the predominant method being used in the 
industry to accrue for such costs.  Based on actuarial data, 
the Company credited to earnings $2,047,000, $1,979,000 and 
$1,443,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  The credits 
were primarily due to a decrease in the Company's disability 
experience and a significant decrease in its work force.

Based on actuarial data the Company did not make a 
contribution to the trust in 1993 or 1992 and does not 
anticipate making a contribution in 1994.

The following table sets forth the plan's funded status:

December 31,                               1993         1992

Actuarial present value of benefit 
 obligation :
   Terminated employees                $  3,200       $ 2,859
   Claimants                             26,700        23,304
   Active employees                      16,300        13,578

Total present value of benefit 
 obligation                              46,200        39,741

Plan assets at fair value                43,403        40,985

Plan assets in excess of (less than)                     
 projected benefit obligation          $ (2,797)      $ 1,244

In addition, the Company has unfunded liabilities on its books 
totaling $17,475,000 and $19,522,000 as of December 31, 1993 and 
1992, respectively in relation to pneumoconiosis benefits.

During 1993 the State of Virginia increased its bonding 
requirements for the Company's self-insured workers' 
compensation and pneumoconiosis benefit plans.  As a result, 
the Company's surety bond underwriter required cash 
collateral for the $10,000,000 increased bonding.  As of 
December 31, 1993, $1,000,000 of this amount was deposited in 
the cash collateral account and an additional $3,800,000 was 
deposited in February 1994.  The Company has agreed to 
provide up to an additional $5,200,000 in this cash 
collateral account upon the sale of assets.


 9. Retirement Plans

The Company and its subsidiaries have a non-contributory 
defined benefit pension plan covering non-union employees.  
Benefits are based on years of service and the employee's 
average annual compensation for the highest five continuous 
years of employment.  The Company's funding practice is to 
make the minimum annual contribution required by applicable 
regulations.  Prior service costs and actuarial gains are 
amortized over the future service period of plan participants 
on a straight-line basis.  Pension income amounted to 
$1,682,000, $956,000 and $18,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, 
respectively.  The increase in pension income in 1993 and 
1992 was primarily the result of the actual return on plan 
assets in excess of the estimated return.  Pension income in 
1991 was relatively small primarily due to a cost of living 
increase granted to retirees.








The following table sets forth the plan's funded status and 
amounts recognized in the Company's financial statements:

                                                   December 31
                                          1993        1992
                                                 (in thousands)

Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
Accumulated benefit obligations, including
  vested benefits of $53,512 and $46,193 
  in 1993 and 1992, respectively           $(53,633)     $(46,286)
	

Projected benefit obligations for service 
  rendered to date                          (63,745)      (57,187)
Plan assets at fair value, primarily listed
  stocks and fixed income investments        81,002        77,147

Plan assets in excess of projected benefit 
  obligations                                17,257        19,960

Unrecognized net assets being recognized
  over seventeen years                       (3,442)       (3,763)

Unrecognized prior service cost               3,416         3,744
Unrecognized net gain                       (10,827)      (15,218)

Prepaid pension cost included 
  in Other assets                          $  6,404      $  4,723

The components of net periodic pension 
  income for years ended December 31      1993        1992   1991
                                               (in thousands)

Service cost - benefits earned during 
  the period                           $ 1,051     $ 1,023  $  897

Interest cost on projected benefit 
  obligations                            4,609       4,478   4,273

Actual return on plan assets            (8,064)   (11,732) (14,782)

Net amortization and deferral              722      5,275    9,594

Net periodic pension income           $ (1,682)    $ (956)  $  (18)


The 1993 discount rate and rate of increase in future 
compensation levels for the plan were 7.25% and 5.5%, 
respectively.  The 1993 expected long-term rate of return on 
assets was 9%.  The 1992 discount rate and rate of increase 
in future compensation levels for the plan were 8.25% and 
6.5%, respectively.  The 1992 expected long-term rate of 
return on assets was 9%.

Effective January 1, 1992 the Company adopted the 
Westmoreland Coal Company Supplemental Executive Retirement 
Plan ("SERP").  The SERP is an unfunded non-qualified 
deferred compensation plan whose purpose is to provide 
benefits to certain employees that could not be paid under 
the Company's defined benefit pension plan due to maximum 
limits imposed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
("ERISA") and the Internal Revenue Code.  SERP expense 
amounted to $199,000 in 1993 and $208,000 in 1992.


The following table sets forth the plan's funded status and 
amounts recognized in the Company's financial statements.


                                                     December 31,
                                                     1993     1992
                                                    (in thousands)

Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
Accumulated benefit obligations, including vested 
  benefits of $573 and $684 in 1993 and 1992,
    respectively                                 $  (675) $  (825)
	

Projected benefit obligations for service 
  rendered to date                                  (827)  (1,090)

Unrecognized prior service cost                      770      835
Unrecognized net loss (gain)                        (351)      47
Additional liability                                (267)    (617)

Accrued pension cost included in Other 
     liabilities                                 $  (675) $  (825)



The components of net periodic SERP costs 
for year ended December 31,                         1993    1992	
                                                  (in thousands)	

Service cost - benefits earned during the period $    28   $   43
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations        87       82
Amortization of prior service cost                    84       83

Net periodic SERP cost                           $   199   $  208


The 1993 discount rate and rate of increase in future compensation 
levels for the plan were 7.25% and 5.5%, respectively.  The 1992 
discount rate and rate of increase in future compensation levels 
for the plan were 8.25% and 6.5%, respectively.

With respect to union employees, the Company is required under the 
national contract with the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA) 
to pay amounts based on hours worked or tons processed (depending 
on the source of the coal) to the UMWA Retirement Funds.  These 
are multiemployer pension plans which are not controlled or 
administered by the Company.  The amounts charged to expense, 
including payments made by the Company on behalf of certain 
contract miners, were $1,190,000, $1,073,000 and $1,238,000 for 
the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  
Under ERISA, as amended by the Multiemployer Pension Plan 
Amendment Act of 1980, a contributor to a multiemployer plan is 
liable, upon termination of the plan or its withdrawal from the 
plan, for its share of the multiemployer plan's unfunded vested 
liabilities.  The Company estimates that its share of the unfunded 
vested liabilities amounted to approximately $17,100,000 at June 
30, 1993 and $8,800,000 at June 30, 1992.  The increase over the 
prior year is due to lower investment interest rates, additional 
benefits granted under the plan and the Company's increased share 
of retirees whose companies have gone out of business.



10. Postretirement Health and Life Insurance Benefits

In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company and 
its subsidiaries provide certain health care and life 
insurance benefits for retired employees and their 
dependents.  Should the current program remain in effect, 
substantially all of the Company's current employees may 
become eligible for these benefits if they meet certain age 
and service requirements at the time of termination or 
retirement.  These benefits are provided principally through 
self-insured programs.

In 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, 
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than 
Pensions" ("SFAS 106").  Under this new standard the cost of 
postretirement benefits other than pensions must be 
recognized on an accrual basis as employees perform services 
rather than the "pay-as-you-go" basis.

The Company adopted SFAS 106 on January 1, 1993 and elected 
to amortize its unrecognized, unfunded accumulated 
postretirement benefit obligation over a 20-year period.  
Annual pre-tax expense in 1993 increased approximately 
$10,527,000.  Additionally, Hampton Division accrued 
$18,552,000 for its curtailment liability under SFAS 106, 
including Hampton's share of the transition obligation of 
$16,162,000 as of December 31, 1993 in connection with the 
planned Division's shutdown in 1994 (See Note 2).  This new 
accounting standard does not change the cash requirements for 
funding these benefits.  Cash paid for retirees was 
$7,604,000, $7,866,000 and $7,690,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, 
respectively.


The following table sets forth the amounts recognized in the 
Company's financial statements (in thousands):

                                                 December 31, 1993
Actuarial present value of benefit obligation:
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
  Current retirees                                    $ (101,901)
  Fully eligible actives                                 (15,533)
  Other actives                                          (19,891)
  Total accumulated benefit obligation                  (137,325)
Unrecognized net transition obligation                    98,924
Unrecognized net loss                                      9,322
Accrued postretirement benefit cost                      (29,079)

The health care cost trend rate assumed ranged from 9% in 
1994 to 5% by the year 2001.  Increasing the assumed health 
care cost trend rate by one percentage point in each year 
would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit 
obligation for the medical plan as of December 31, 1993 by 
$18.6 million and the aggregate of the service and interest 
cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost 
for 1993 by $1.5 million.

The discount rate used in determining the accumulated 
postretirement benefit as of December 31, 1993 was 7.25% and 
as of January 1, 1993 was 8.25%.

The components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost
   for the year ended December 31, 1993			

Service cost - benefits earned                             1,271
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations            10,555
Net amortization and deferral                              6,312
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost*                 18,138

  *Excludes accrual related to mine closures.  (See Note 2.)  

Additionally, the Company makes payments into the UMWA 
Benefit Trust Funds ("Funds").  These Funds are multiemployer 
health plans which are not controlled or administered by the 
Company.  These Funds are designed to pay benefits to the 
Company's UMWA employees who retired prior to 1976 and to 
those UMWA retirees whose companies are no longer in 
business.  Prior to February 1993, the amount paid by the 
Company was based on hours worked or tons processed 
(depending on the source of the coal) in accordance with the 
National Contract with the UMWA.  Beginning February 1993 the 
Company is required by the Coal Industry Retiree Health 
Benefit Act of 1992 to make monthly premium payments into the 
Funds.  This premium is based on the number of beneficiaries 
assigned to the Company.  The Company is challenging the 
number of beneficiaries it was assigned.  The amounts 
expensed by the Company amounted to $4,937,000, $5,582,000 
and $4,555,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.  Also, 
Hampton Division accrued an additional $7,101,000 for its 
share of this liability as part of its mine closure costs.  
(See Note 2.)

In addition, employees terminated due to layoffs may be 
eligible for health care, life insurance and certain other 
benefits for a period of up to 24 months.  The Company 
charges against earnings in the month of layoff an estimate 
of all these future costs associated with such employees.


11.	Incentive Stock Option and
	Stock Appreciation Rights Plans

At December 31, 1993, the Company had two Incentive Stock 
Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plans.

The Plans provide for two incentive elements, incentive stock 
options ("ISOs") and stock appreciation rights ("SARs").  An 
ISO, which may be qualified or non-qualified, gives the 
holder the right to purchase from the Company a specified 
number of shares of the Company's common stock for a 
specified price during a specified period.  An SAR gives the 
holder the right to receive, without payment to the Company, 
its "value" in cash.  The "value" of an SAR for this purpose 
will be equal to the increase, if any, in the market price of 
one share of common stock of the Company on the date the 
right is exercised over the market price of one such share on 
the date such right was granted.  ISOs granted under the 
Plans may not have an option price that is less than the fair 
market value of the stock on the date of grant.  ISOs and 
SARs may not be exercised before two years or after eight 
years from the date of grant.  The maximum number of shares 
of the Company's common stock and SARs that may be issued or 
granted under the Plans is as follows:

                               1982 Plan      1985 Plan
		

   Shares of common stock           200,000         400,000
   Stock appreciation rights        470,000         940,000
		

The 1982 Plan expired on January 4, 1992, and therefore no 
further ISOs or SARs may be granted from that Plan after that 
date.


Information for 1993, 1992 and 1991 with respect to the Plans 
is as follows:

                                                            Stock
                                Issue      Option    Appreciation
                         Price  Range      Shares          Rights
						
Outstanding at 
  December 31, 1990      14.50- 22.38     279,910          34,061
Exercised in 1991        14.50- 18.50     (36,726)         (5,491)
Ceased to be 
  exercisable in 1991    14.50- 22.38     (16,011)            -		
Outstanding at 
  December 31, 1991      14.50- 22.38     227,173          28,570
Granted on July 31, 1992        12.63      20,000             -   
Granted on Sept. 9, 1992*       14.28     210,000             -   
Exercised in 1992               14.50      (2,696)            -   
Ceased to be 
  exercisable in 1992    18.50- 22.38     (26,928)            -		
Outstanding at 
  December 31, 1992      12.63- 18.50     427,549          28,570
Granted on 
  June 2, 1993                   8.75      40,000             -
Granted on
  December 8, 1993               5.75      65,000             -

Ceased to be 
  exercisable in 1993   14.28-  18.50    (101,696)        (10,125)
Outstanding at
  December 31, 1993                       430,853          18,445
* Non-Qualified Stock Options

Over the periods in which the SARs become exercisable, the 
Company accrues as expense the amount by which the market 
price exceeds the various grant prices of the SARs 
outstanding.  This is adjusted in subsequent reporting 
periods for increases or decreases in the market price of the 
stock.  In 1993 no accrual was recorded.  In 1992 the net 
amount credited to earnings was $143,000 and in 1991 the net 
amount expensed was $14,000. 

During 1992 and 1991, the Company purchased 2,696 and 36,726 
shares, respectively, of its own stock and re-sold the same 
shares to certain of its employees under the Company's non-
compensatory incentive stock option plan.  The market price 
which the Company paid to acquire the shares was more than 
the option price which the employees paid to the Company in 
accordance with the terms of the plan and the difference of 
$15,000 and $141,000 in 1992 and 1991 respectively, was 
recorded as a reduction to Other paid-in capital.  The 
Company also paid cash of $31,000 for the 1991 exercise of 
5,491 SARs.  The per share market value of the ISOs exercised 
in 1992 was $20.00.  The per share market values of the ISOs 
and SARs exercised ranged from $19.00 to $22.25 in 1991.  


12. Operations

Segment Information

The Company's principal business is the production and 
marketing of coal on a worldwide basis.  More than half of the 
coal sold by the Company is processed at and shipped from its 
coal properties, and includes both steam coal, sold primarily 
to electric utilities, and metallurgical coal, sold primarily 
to the steel industry.  The remaining coal sold by the Company 
is produced by other domestic mining companies, principally 
smaller producers seeking to utilize the Company's expertise 
in the marketing of coal.

The Company is able to offer customers a wide variety of 
coals, including both steam coal and metallurgical coal, and a 
range of services related to its coal sales, including 
sourcing, blending, quality control and transportation.  
Transportation services include arrangements with railroads, 
barge lines and vessel charterers.  WCSC also has its own 
leased fleet of railcars to increase the availability of 
transportation and to reduce transportation costs.

The Company's Other segment includes Cleancoal Terminal 
Company, a rail-to-barge transloading and storage facility on 
the Ohio River, and other small non-mining operations.  WEI is 
currently held for sale and is being accounted for as a 
discontinued operation.  WEI's net assets have been disclosed 
as a single line item, net assets of discontinued operation 
held for sale, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Intersegment sales are recorded at cost plus a charge for 
handling for all years shown.  In presenting operating income 
by segment, unallocated corporate expenses are charged to 
coal operations.




  Industry segment results for 1993 are:

                                                 Elimi-   Consoli-
                              Coal       Other   nation    dated
                                         (in thousands)   

Sales to unaffiliated 
  customers               $461,593  $  3,662 $     -    $465,255
Intersegment transfers         -          -        -         -	
  Total sales              461,593     3,662       -     465,255
Operating income (loss)    (94,249)      214       -     (94,035)
Interest expense               -          -        -       4,934
Interest and other income      -          -        -       2,231

Loss before income taxes and 
  minority interest            -          -        -     (96,738)
Identifiable assets at
  December 31, 1993        243,687    22,157*    (346)   265,498
Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization          20,692       748       -      21,440
Additions to property,
  plant and equipment        8,119       179*      -       8,298

*Includes net assets related to WEI of $12,972.

  Industry segment results for 1992 are:

                                                 Elimi-   Consoli-
                              Coal       Other   nation    dated
                                             (in thousands)   
Sales to unaffiliated 
  customers               $533,473    $  2,816 $    -    $536,289
Intersegment transfers        -            221     (221)      -	
  Total sales              533,473       3,037     (221)  536,289
Operating income (loss)    (34,942)       (384)     -     (35,326)
Interest expense              -            -        -       4,138
Interest and other income     -            -        -       1,466
Loss from continuing operations 
  before income taxes and
  minority interest           -            -        -     (37,998)
Identifiable assets at
  December 31, 1992        312,986      24,373* (12,734)  324,625
Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization          21,800         739      -      22,539
Additions to property,
  plant and equipment       33,586         143*      -     33,729

*Includes amounts related to WEI.

  Industry segment results for 1991 are:

                                                 Elimi-   Consoli-
                              Coal       Other   nation    dated
                                         (in thousands)   

Sales to unaffiliated 
  customers               $564,823    $  2,252 $    -    $567,075
Intersegment transfers      -              -        -        -	
  Total sales              564,823       2,252      -     567,075
Operating income (loss)     (5,503)     (1,275)     -      (6,778)
Interest expense               -           -        -       4,390
Interest and other income      -           -        -       1,887

Loss from  continuing operations
  before income taxes and
  minority interest            -           -        -      (9,281)
Identifiable assets at
  December 31, 1992        306,457      20,054*  (5,787)  320,724
Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization          22,313         794      -      23,107
Additions to property,
  plant and equipment       15,652         114*     -      15,766

*Includes amounts related to WEI.



Sales:

Sales by the Company's non-coal operations are entirely within the 
United States.  Information concerning the Company's coal revenues 
for 1993, 1992 and 1991 is shown below:


1993
                             Metallurgical       Steam       Total 
Geographic Area                          %           %          %
      Europe                      15                4          19
      Pacific Rim Countries        3                -           3
      Other                        -                -           -
      Total sales to 
      foreign customers           18                4          22
      United States               12               66          78
      Total sales                 30               70         100


In 1993 the Company's 10 largest customers accounted for 62% 
of its coal revenues.  Its two largest customers accounted 
for 32% of coal revenues.  No other customer accounted for as 
much as 10% of 1993 coal revenues.  86% of the coal revenues 
were generated by long-term contracts.  66% of the Company's 
coal revenues were generated by coal sold to the steam market 
in the United States; these sales were distributed as 
follows: 22% in the Northeast, 70% in the Southeast and 8% in 
the Midwest.  The Company is currently selling coal to a 
highly leveraged customer for which the credit exposure to 
the Company at December 31, 1993 was $3,200,000.  The 
Company's total export accounts receivable at December 31, 
1993 was $17,940,000.

1992
                             Metallurgical       Steam       Total 
Geographic Area                          %           %          %
      Europe                      13                 8         21
      Pacific Rim Countries        4                 -          4
      Other                        -                 1          1
      Total sales to 
      foreign customers           17                 9         26
      United States               13                61         74
      Total sales                 30                70        100


In 1992 the Company's 10 largest customers accounted for 54% 
of its coal revenues.  Its largest customer accounted for 21% 
of coal revenues.  No other customer accounted for as much as 
10% of 1992 coal revenues.  72% of the coal revenues were 
generated by long-term contracts.  61% of the Company's coal 
revenues were generated by coal sold to the steam market in 
the United States; these sales were distributed as follows: 
18% in the Northeast, 73% in the Southeast and 9% in the 
Midwest.  The Company's total export accounts receivable at 
December 31, 1992 was $24,544,000.


1991
                             Metallurgical       Steam       Total 
Geographic Area                          %           %           %
      Europe                       13               11          24
      Pacific Rim Countries	         4                -           4
      Other                         2                -           2
        Total sales to 
         foreign customers         19               11          30
      United States                15               55          70
      Total sales                  34               66         100

In 1991 the Company's 10 largest customers accounted for 57% 
of its coal revenues.  Its largest customer accounted for 18% 
of coal revenues.  No other customer accounted for as much as 
10% of 1991 coal revenues.  68% of the coal revenues were 
generated by long-term contracts.  Over half of the Company's 
coal revenues were generated by coal sold to the steam market 
in the United States; these sales were distributed as 
follows: 24% in the Northeast, 62% in the Southeast and 14% 
in the Midwest.




13.	Transactions with Affiliated Companies

The Company leases coal lands from a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Penn Virginia Corporation ("Penn Virginia") which holds a 
18.96% voting interest in the Company at December 31, 1993.  
In 1992, The Company purchased 1,295,589 of its own shares 
from Penn Virginia reducing its voting interest in the 
Company from 39.6% to 18.96%. (See Note 3.)  Amounts paid to 
Penn Virginia for royalties on coal were $11,699,000, 
$10,689,000 and $8,248,000 for the years ended December 31, 
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. 

Westmoreland Resources, Inc., a 60% owned subsidiary, has a 
coal mining contract with Morrison-Knudsen Company, Inc., one 
of its stockholders.  Mining costs incurred under the 
contract were $12,131,000, $12,651,000 and $15,287,000 in 
1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.




14.	Income Taxes

Income tax expense attributable to income (loss) from continuing 
operations before income taxes and minority interest consists of:

                                       1993       1992       1991
                                            (in thousands)
          Federal:
            Current                $  1,421    $ 3,072    $ 2,222
            Deferred                   (703)      (418)      (396)
                                        718      2,654      1,826

          State:
            Current                     818        931      1,013
            Deferred                   (151)       (90)       (86)
                                        667        841        927
          Income taxes             $  1,385    $ 3,495    $ 2,753

Income tax expense attributable to income (loss) from continuing 
operations before income taxes and minority interest differed from 
the amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax 
rate of 34% to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations 
before minority interest as a result of the following:

                                      1993        1992       1991
                                            (in thousands)
Computed tax expense (benefit)
  at statutory rate               $ (32,891) $ (12,235)  $ (3,239)
Increase (decrease) in tax 
  expense resulting from:
    Percentage depletion             (1,128)      (430)    (1,483)
    State income taxes, net             441        555        602
    Minimum tax                         600        801        592
    Net operating loss 
      carryforward not utilized 
      for book purposes              34,881     14,553      6,602
    Reversal of prior year accrual     (682)        -          -
    Utilization of capital loss 
      carryforward                       -          -        (589)
    Other                               164        251        268 	
Income taxes                      $   1,385  $   3,495   $  2,753	


For the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, 
deferred income tax benefits result from timing differences 
in the recognition of income and expense for income tax and 
financial reporting purposes.  The sources and tax effects of 
those temporary differences are presented below:

                                   1993      1992        1991
                                         (in thousands)
Imputed interest                 $  (23)   $  (24)     $  (24)
Excess of book over:
  tax cost depletion                (43)      (48)        (56)
  tax depreciation                 (446)     (453)       (357) 
  tax amortization                  (35)      (38)         -  
Taxes and royalties                (342)        -          -   
Amortization                                    -         (45)
Postretirement benefits              (7)      (69)         -   
Mine development costs               43       124          -	
Income taxes                     $ (853)   $ (508)     $ (482)

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to 
significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred 
tax liabilities at December 31, 1993 are presented below:

   Deferred tax assets:
   Net operating loss carryforwards                  $56,400
   Investment tax credit carryforwards                 4,500
   Operating leases; capitalized for books             2,622
   Accounts receivable due to allowance
     for doubtful accounts                             8,044
   Deferred income                                     2,345
   Plant and equipment, differences due to 
    depreciation and amortization                      4,703
   Accruals for the following:
     Workers Compensation                              8,893
     Pneumoconiosis                                    5,941
     Social costs                                      1,822
     Reclamation                                       4,635
     Employee related                                    628
     Pension benefit obligation                        9,811
     Shutdown costs                                    3,769
     Other                                               960
   Total gross deferred assets                       115,073
   Less valuation allowance                         (112,973)
   Net deferred tax assets                             2,100


   Deferred tax liabilities:

   Plant and equipment, differences due to
     depreciation and amortization                   14,711
   Prepaid Pension                                    1,990
   Advanced royalties, capitalized for financial
     purposes                                           109
   Unamortized discount on long term debt for
     financial purposes                                 163
   Total gross deferred tax liabilities             (16,973)

   Net deferred tax liability                      $(14,873)


The Company and subsidiaries, excluding WRI which is not 
included in the consolidated federal income tax return of the 
Company, have available tax basis net operating loss 
carryforwards to reduce future taxable income and investment 
tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxes payable.  The 
net operating loss carryforwards of $166,000,000 expire over 
the period from 1995 through 2008.  Included in the net 
operating loss carryforwards are alternative minimum tax net 
operating loss carryforwards of $41,000,000 which expire over 
the period from 2001 through 2008.  The Company also has 
investment tax credit carryforwards for regular tax and 
alternative minimum tax of $4,500,000 which expires over the 
period from 1997 through 2000 for both.

The Company's federal consolidated income tax returns have 
been examined and settled by the Internal Revenue Service 
through 1979.  WRI's Federal income tax returns have been 
examined and settled through 1990.


15.	Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
  Summarized quarterly financial data for 1993 and 1992 are as
  follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  Three Months Ended
                           March 31   June 30   Sep. 30   Dec. 31
                            (in thousands except per share data) 
<S>                        <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
1993
Revenues                   $114,317  $110,156  $116,028  $124,754
Costs and expenses (1)      115,730   109,734   117,614   216,212
Net income (loss) from 
  continuing operations      (3,088)     (321)   (3,110)  (92,352)
Net income (loss) from 
  discontinued operation        369       405       395        56
Net income (loss)            (2,719)       84    (2,715)  (92,296)
Less preferred stock 
  dividend (2)                1,222     1,222     1,222     1,222
Net income (loss) available
  to common shareholders     (3,941)   (1,138)   (3,937)  (93,518)
Net income (loss) per share
  available to common 
  shareholders:
Continuing operations          (.62)     (.22)     (.63)   (13.45)
Discontinued operation          .05       .06       .05       .01
Total                          (.57)     (.16)     (.57)   (13.44)
Number of common and common
  equivalent shares outstanding
  (weighted-average) (2)      6,954     6,954     6,954     6,955
										
1992
Revenues                   $151,822  $129,457  $124,780  $130,230
Costs and expenses (3)      151,156   131,300   126,120   163,039
Net income (loss) from 
   continuing operations       (944)   (3,297)   (3,176)  (35,619)
Net income (loss) from 
   discontinued operation     1,139       581     1,191      (899)
Net income (loss)               195    (2,716)   (1,985)  (36,518)
Less preferred stock 
  dividend (2)                   -         -      1,140     1,222
Net income (loss) available
  to common shareholders        195    (2,716)   (3,125)  (37,740)
Net income (loss) per share
  available to common 
  shareholders:
Continuing operations          (.12)     (.40)     (.61)    (5.30)
Discontinued operation          .14       .07       .17      (.13)
Total                           .02      (.33)     (.44)    (5.43)
Number of common and common
  equivalent shares outstanding
  (weighted-average) (2)      8,260     8,250     7,085     6,954
									
<FN>
(1)	Fourth Quarter 1993 expenses include $79,250,000 in unusual 
charges for the write-off of the carrying value of certain 
mining operations and coal reserves along with provisions for 
the termination of certain coal operations and personnel.  In 
addition, the Company recorded an additional $9,250,000 for 
workers' compensation.  (See Note 2.)

(2)	See Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Note 3 
	of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(3)	Fourth quarter 1992 includes charges of $20,489,000 for loans 
and a guarantee obligation on behalf of Adventure that filed 
for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 in December 1992.  Also, the 
Company accrued an additional $3,900,000 for workers' 
compensation obligations.  The Company increased reserves for 
potentially uncollectable trade receivables by $7,747,000, of 
this amount $3,331,000 is related to a customer which filed for 
bankruptcy under Chapter 11 in December 1992, the remaining 
$4,416,000 resulted from the Company's credit review of its 
receivables.  The Company increased its reserves for 
reclamation costs in the fourth quarter of 1992 by $2,074,000, 
of this amount $1,200,000 is related to Adventure.
</TABLE>


16.	Supplementary Coal Statistics (Unaudited)


Information with respect to the Company's coal reserves 
is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             1993      1992         1991        1990        1989
<S>                        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>
Demonstrated coal reserve 
  base at year-end 
  (thousands of tons)      815,169   966,843   1,081,872   1,131,552   1,170,992
Production tonnage 
  (thousands of tons)       10,463    10,405      10,121      10,606      10,241
Average price per 
  ton sold                  $25.58    $25.25      $23.87      $23.23      $23.97

						   
</TABLE>
The Company makes yearly evaluations of its reserves and 
periodically modifies the amount of reserves reported.  
The reserve evaluations are based on new information 
developed by bore-hole drilling, examination of outcrops, 
acquisitions, dispositions, production, changes in mining 
methods, abandonments and other information.  
Substantially all of the estimated coal reserves are 
leased from others.  The decrease in 1993 is primarily due 
to an adjustment for reserves deemed to be uneconomical to 
mine based on current and projected market conditions.



							
Market Information on Capital Stock


Price Range:

The following table shows the range of prices for the Common 
Stock and Preferred Stock of the Company in the NASDAQ 
National Over-The-Counter Market, for the period January 1, 
1991 through June 16, 1992, and on the New York Stock 
Exchange, for the period June 17, 1992 through December 31, 
1993, for the calendar quarters indicated:
                                     Closing Prices
                        Common Stock          Preferred Stock
                        High     Low          High     Low

1992
First Quarter           21 1/4   15 1/2         -        -
Second Quarter          18 1/4   11 3/4         -        - 
Third Quarter           13       11 1/4       28 1/4   25
Fourth Quarter          12 3/4   10 1/4       28 3/4   24 1/4

1993
First Quarter           11        8 3/8       26       21 3/4
Second Quarter          10 3/8    6 1/4       24 1/2   17 3/4
Third Quarter            7 3/4    5 3/4       21 7/8   17 3/8
Fourth Quarter           7 1/4    5 1/8       22       18 3/8


* Preferred Stock began trading on July 9, 1992.
						


Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders

                               Number of Record Holders
     Title of Class          (as of February 25, 1994)
     Common Stock                         2,068
     ($2.50 par value)

     Preferred Stock                        140
     ($1.00 par value)


Dividends:

After obtaining a waiver to its 1977 Loan Agreement, the 
Company declared and paid an $.08 dividend on Common Stock 
in each of the four quarters of 1991 and 1992.  On January 
26, 1993 the Company announced that the regular quarterly 
dividend of $.08 per share of common stock payable for the 
first quarter of 1993 would be suspended.  Common stock 
dividend payments are restricted by covenants under the 
Company's loan agreements.  Currently the Company is not 
able to pay common stock dividends based on these 
restrictive covenants.

Preferred stock dividends at a rate of 8.5% per annum have 
been paid quarterly since the third quarter of 1992.  The 
last quarterly preferred stock dividend was declared on 
February 25, 1994 and was paid on April 1, 1994.  The 
continuation of payment of preferred stock dividends is at 
the discretion of the Company's board of directors.  
However, there are statutory restrictions limiting the 
payments of preferred dividends under Delaware law, the 
state in which the Company is incorporated.  Under Delaware 
law, the Company is only permitted to pay dividends either:  
(1) out of surplus, surplus being the amount of 
shareholders' equity in excess of the par value of the 
Company's two classes of stock; or (2) in the event of no 
surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which a 
dividend is declared (or out of net profits from the 
preceding fiscal year), but only to the extent that equity 
exceeds par value of preferred stock ($575,000).  The 
combined par value of the Company's preferred and common 
stocks is $17,964,000.  



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBS
<TEXT>

                        WESTMORELAND COAL COMPANY
                          ITEM 14 - EXHIBIT 21
                   For the year ended December 31, 1993


       SUBSIDIARY NAME            STATE OF INCORPORATION

Cleancoal Terminal Company              Delaware
Criterion Coal Company                  Delaware
Deane Processing Company                Delaware
Eastern Coal & Coke Company             Pennsylvania
ECC Leasing Corp.                       Delaware
Kentucky Criterion Coal Company         Delaware
Pine Branch Mining Incorporated         Delaware
Roda-Dendron Coal Company               Delaware
Triport Tool Corporation                Delaware
WEI-Ft. Lupton, Inc.                    Delaware
WEI-Indiana, Inc.                       Delaware
WEI-Rensselaer, Inc.                    Delaware
WEI-Roanoke Valley, Inc.                Delaware
Westmoreland Coal Sales Company, Inc.   Delaware
Westmoreland Energy, Inc.               Delaware
Westmoreland Resources, Inc.            Delaware
Westmoreland Terminal Company           Delaware
Westmoreland-Altavista, Inc.            Delaware
Westmoreland-Buena Vista, Inc.          Delaware
Westmoreland-Covington, Inc.            Delaware
Westmoreland-Fort Drum, Inc.            Delaware
Westmoreland-Franklin, Inc.             Delaware
Westmoreland-Greeley, Inc.              Delaware
Westmoreland-Hopewell, Inc.             Delaware


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT
<TEXT>


                                                      Exhibit 23










Consent of Independent Certified Public Accountants



The Board of Directors 
Westmoreland Coal Company:


We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration 
Statements No. 2-90847 and No. 33-33620 on Forms S-8 of 
Westmoreland Coal Company of our report dated April 15, 1994, 
relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Westmoreland Coal 
Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the 
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity 
and cash flows and the related financial statement schedules for 
each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 
1993, which report appears in the December 31, 1993 annual report 
on Form 10-K of Westmoreland Coal Company.

Our report dated April 15, 1994, contains an explanatory paragraph 
that states that the Company's recurring losses from operations, 
violations of various covenants in its credit arrangements and 
other obligations and net working capital deficiency raise 
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a 
going concern.  The consolidated financial statements and 
financial statement schedules do not include any adjustments that 
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Our report also refers to the Company's adoption of the provisions 
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, Employers' Accounting for 
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions, in 1993.




                                        KPMG PEAT MARWICK





April 15, 1994
Philadelphia, PA


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>WEI PROJECT CHART
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
WESTMORELAND ENERGY, INC. 
Project Status Summary		
December 31, 1993 
<CAPTION>
                                               Roanoke        Roanoke  
         	Southampton  Altavista	  Hopewell	   Valley I 	     Valley II	        Ft. Drum	   Ft. Lupton	  Rensselaer
<S>       <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>            <C>               <C>         <C>          <C>            
Location	 Southampton, Altavista,  Hopewell,   Weldon, North  Weldon, North     Watertown,  Ft. Lupton	  Rensselaer         
          Virginia     Virginia    Virginia    Carolina       Carolina          New York    Colorado     New York 

Status    Operational	 Operational Operational Construction   Construction      Operational Construction Construction

Gross 
Megawatt 
Capacity	 70 MW	       70 MW	      70 MW	      180 MW	        50 MW	            55.5 MW	    290 MW	      81 MW
		 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 		 
WEI
Equity
Ownership 30.0%        30.0%       30.0%       50.0%	         50.0%	            1.25%	      4.49%	       50.0%

Equity 
Partner	  LG&E Power	  LG&E Power	 LG&E Power	 LG&E Power	    LG&E Power        Jones Group Thermo, Inc. LG&E Power    

Electri-                                       North          North 
city      Virginia    	Virginia    Virginia    Carolina       Carolina          Niagara     Public Ser-  Niagara
Purchaser Power        Power       Power       Power          Power             Mohawk      vice of CO   Mohawk


Steam     Hercules,    The Lane    Firestone   Patch          Patch             U. S. Army  Rocky Mt.    BASF Corp. 
Host			   Inc.         Company,Inc	Tire &		    Rubber Co.     Rubber Co.                    Produce Ltd. 
                                   Rubber Co.                                               

Fuel Type	Coal	        Coal	       Coal	       Coal	          Coal	             Coal	       Natural Gas	 Natural Gas	

Fuel      United Coal  Westmore-   United      TECO Coal Co./ TECO Coal Co./    Westmore-   Thermo       Western Gas
Supplier  Co.			       land Coal   Coal Co.    Westmoreland   Westmoreland      land Co.    Fuels, Inc.  Marketing, Ltd.       
                       Co.                     Coal Co.       Coal Co.

Commer-
cial 
Opera-
tions
Date	     1992	        1992	       1992	       June 1994      1995              1989        June 1994    April 1994
                                               (projected)    (projected)                   (projected)  (projected) 					 						
</TABLE>
 										 										 										 										
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
